---
layout: default
title: Johnson Space Center Multiple Award Construction Contract (JMACC)
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 6121156be27b440a838fdf3652d47ed4
---

# Johnson Space Center Multiple Award Construction Contract (JMACC)

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 16:01:54.096-04
- Solicitation Number: 80JSC026R0008

## Summary

NASA/Johnson Space Center is issuing a Request for Proposal (RFP) for the Johnson Space Center Multiple Award Construction Contract (JMACC), 80JSC026R0008. The Johnson Space Center (JSC) Multiple Award Construction Contract (JMACC) will be a Multiple Award, Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract vehicle for construction, revitalization, recapitalization, and infrastructure improvement projects at Johnson Space Center (JSC) and White Sands Test Facility (WSTF). The JMACC is not a requirements contract and is therefore not mandatory for all construction work at JSC or WSTF. It is intended to serve as a highly flexible construction contracting vehicle to support mission-critical facility needs. All contractors will need to have capacity to manage multiple Task Orders. The scope of work under the JMACC includes, but is not limited to: • General construction. • Alteration, modification, and renovation of existing facilities. • Maintenance and repair of buildings and infrastructure. • Demolition of structures and facilities. • Design-build services. • New construction of buildings, facilities, and real property NASA will conduct this acquisition as a full and open competition. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 236210 and the small business size standard is forty-five million. This competitive acquisition will result in a Multiple Award, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) with the ability to issue Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) task orders. The contract will have a base period of three (3) years from the date of award. You are notified of the following: 1. Proposals submitted in response to this solicitation shall be due no later than April 6, 2026, 1:00 P.M. Central Time. Proposals for this solicitation are required to be submitted through NASA’s Enterprise File Sharing and Sync Box (EFSS Box), a FedRAMP Moderate certified platform. Potential offerors, especially those that have not previously submitted a proposal utilizing NASA’s EFSS Box, are encouraged to review the solicitation instruction entitled “Electronic Proposal Delivery - Proposal Marking and Delivery Through NASA’s EFSS Box” which provides instructions related to the submission of proposal via EFSS Box. Offerors are encouraged to check with their corporate IT staff to determine if there are firewall restrictions that would need to be addressed prior to the submission of proposal files through NASA’s EFSS Box. 2. All questions regarding this RFP should be submitted in writing, electronically to William Long, Contracting Officer, at William.r.long@nasa.gov on or before March 16, 2026, 10:00 A.M. Central Time. Offerors are encouraged to submit questions as soon as possible for consideration. 3. The RFP and all attachments in their entirety are located in NASA’s Enterprise File Sharing and Sync Box (EFSS Box) at the following link, https://nasagov.app.box.com/s/3abflljut7dptlzco0v1vcqvhyjp753u The link is also provided below in this posting. 4. The Technical Library is available in NASA’s Enterprise File Sharing and Sync Box (EFSS Box) at the following link, https://nasagov.app.box.com/s/3abflljut7dptlzco0v1vcqvhyjp753u The link is also provided below in this posting. 5. If you have any issues accessing NASA’s Enterprise File Sharing and Sync Box (EFSS Box), please contact the Contracting Officer, William Long at william.r.long@nasa.gov and Contract Specialist Kylee Salmeron at kylee.m.salmeron. 6. A preproposal/pre-bid conference and Site Visit is anticipated and will be held as indicated below: Date: Monday, March 9, 2026 Time: 2:00 P.M. to 5:00 P.M. Central Time Location: Building 13 Room 156, Johnson Space Center Please note that this event will be conducted in-person and no virtual option will be provided. Attendance at the preproposal conference / Site Visit is recommended; however, attendance is neither required nor a prerequisite for proposal/bid submission and will not be considered in the evaluation. Offerors are required to notify the Contracting Officer by e-mail no later than Wednesday, March 4, 2026, at 9:00 A.M. Central Time to confirm attendance and specify the names of the attendees from their respective companies. Further detals are located in the RFP and RFP cover letter. NASA anticipates releasing the Pre-Proposal Conference charts after the Pre-Proposal Conference. Please continue to monitor this SAM.gov posting for updates on the release of any documents. NASA FAR Supplement (NFS)clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, is applicable. The Ombudsman for this acquisition is Donna M. Shafer, donna.m.shafer@nasa.gov, 281-483-4258. It is the offeror's responsibility to monitor this website for amendments to this solicitation and other information. Potential offerors will be responsible for downloading their own copy of the solicitation and amendments. Prospective offerors are encouraged to notify the Contracting Officer of their intent to submit an offer. Modification 1 – 3/9/2026 – Added Pre?proposal Conference Slides to SAM posting and Box site. Modification 2 - RFP Amendment 0001 Issued 3/11/2026 - Change RFP questions due date: From: March 11, 2026 at 10:00 A.M. CST. To: March 16, 2026 at 10:00 A.M. CST. 2. Change Proposal due date: From: March 30, 2026 at 1:00 P.M. CST. To: April 6, 2026 at 1:00 P.M. CST. Modification 3 - 3/26/2026 Added Johnson Space Center Multiple Award Construction Contract (JMACC) - Website to Sam.gov posting.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William Long
  - Email: William.r.long@nasa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kylee Salmeron
  - Email: kylee.m.salmeron@nasa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6121156be27b440a838fdf3652d47ed4/view)