---
layout: default
title: HAZARDOUS MATERIAL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0aea490d5143475588143eca5de1492b
---

# HAZARDOUS MATERIAL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 06:31:07.764-04
- Solicitation Number: N6660426Q0257

## Summary

PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE NOTICE CAREFULLY AS IT CONSTITUES THE ONLY NOTICE THAT WILL BE ISSUED. This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6-Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Request for Quote (RFQ) number is N6660426Q0257. The Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) intends to award a single Firm Fixed price order Brand Name for Isonate, Versalink and DTRC identified below in the CLIN structure below to include shipping FOB Destination to Kittery, ME 03904 no later than 01 April 2026: CLIN 0001 Isonate 2143L Part A Qty 3 Drums CLIN 0002 Versalink P1000 Part B Qty 20 Drums CLIN 0003 DTRC 1102 (90 Gallon Kit) Qty 2 Kits This procurement is 100% Small Business Set Aside as concurred with by the NUWCDIVNPT Office of Small Business Program (OSBP). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this acquisition is 325998; the Small Business Size Standard is 650 employees. F.O.B. Destination, Naval Station Newport, RI 02841. Offerors shall provide the delivery lead time within the quote. Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC). Full text of incorporated FAR/DFARS clauses and provisions may be accessed electronically at https:// acquisition.gov/far and https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfarspgi/current/index.html. The following provisions and clauses apply reference to this RFQ: ? FAR 52.209?11, Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or Felony under any Federal Law; ? FAR 52.212?1, Instructions to Offerors??Commercial Item; ? FAR 52.212?3 ALT I, Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items – Alternate I; ? FAR 52.212?4, Contract Terms and Conditions??Commercial Items; and ? FAR 52.212?5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders? Commercial Items. The additional following FAR clauses cited in 52.212?5 are applicable to the acquisition: ?? 52.204?10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First?Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109?282); ?? 52.219?28, Post Award Small Business Program Representation (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 657f); ?? 52.222?3, Convict Labor (June 2003); ?? 52.222?21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities: (Apr 2015); ?? 52.222?26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) (E.O.11246); ?? 52.222?36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793); ?? 52.222?50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Oct 2020) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627): ?? 52.223?18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging while Driving (Jun 2020) (E.O. 13513); and ?? 52.225?13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). The following DFARS provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: ? 252.204?7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls; ? 252.204?7009, Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third?Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information; ? 252.204?7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting; ? 252.204?7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support; ? 252.204?7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services -252.204-7019 Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements -252.204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements -252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items -252.246-7008 Sources of Electronic Parts -252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea Additional terms and conditions: In accordance with DFARS Clause 252.211?7003, the contractor shall provide a Unique Item Identifier (UID) for all delivered items for which the Government’s unit acquisition cost is $5,000.00 or more. Preferred method of payment is Government Purchase Card however if an additional fee is added Payment will be via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). In order to be determined technically acceptable the offeror shall: Delivery NLT 01 April 2026 Have the ability to Deliver to Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Kittery, ME 03904 Material is required to be shipped in an environmentally controlled truck. Active registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) is required prior to award, pursuant to applicable regulations and guidelines. Registration information can be found at https://www.sam.gov/. Instructions for registration are available at the website. It is requested that Offerors include the signed representation of FAR 52.204?24 with its quote if not already provided in SAM under 52.204?26 ? Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services?Representation (Oct 2020). Quotes and all attachments shall be readable by Microsoft Office or Adobe Acrobat. Offerors shall include item prices, shipping costs, delivery terms, and the following additional information with the submissions: point of contact (including phone number and email address), Offeror CAGE code, Offeror DUNS number, and shall include a validity date of no less than 60 days from due date for receipt of offerors. Offerors shall be advised that if after award the items delivered are determined not to be in new condition and/or are determined to be delivered from outside the US, the Government has the right to terminate for cause with the Contractor liable to the Government for any and all rights and remedies provided by the law including excess re-procurement costs. Offers must be received no later than 11:00 a.m. (EST) on Tuesday, 24 March 2026 at 2:00 p.m. est. Offers received after this date and time may not be considered for award. For information on this acquisition, contact Jennifer Vatousiou at jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil. BRAND NAME SPECIFICATION: 6.103-2 Unusual and compelling urgency. (a) Authority. 10 U.S.C. 3204(a)(2) or 41 U.S.C. 3304(a)(2). (b) Urgency. Agencies may contract without providing for full and open competition when the agency's need for the supplies or services is of such an unusual and compelling urgency that the Government would be seriously injured, financially or otherwise, unless the agency is permitted to limit the number of sources from which it solicits bids or proposals. Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport, Code 15 has a requirement for hazardous material to support fleet at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard (PNSY). Any delay in delivery of material will result in non availability of critical platforms. Based on the above, it is not reasonable to conclude the potential savings from competition can offset the significant duplicative cost and schedule and mission impact associated with purchasing a new brand name product. Therefore, it is in the best interest of the Government to solicit and award this requirement on a brand name only basis.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Vatousiou
  - Email: jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 4018325265

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0aea490d5143475588143eca5de1492b/view)