---
layout: default
title: Diabetic Shoes & Inserts for Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 325793bef52041e9bf9e9490d3840818
---

# Diabetic Shoes & Inserts for Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 14:43:53.48-04
- Solicitation Number: IHS-SS-26-1520788

## Summary

Sources Sought: Diabetic Shoes for Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility Sources Sought Notice Number: IHS-SS-26-1520788 This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation, an obligation or commitment by the Indian Health Service. This notice is intended strictly for market research to determine the availability of Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE). Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. The anticipated applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 339113, Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing- other relevant NAICS codes will be considered based on responses received (such as conference centers, etc.) 1. BACKGROUND The IHS is an agency within the Department of Health & Human Services and is responsible for providing federal health services to American Indians and Alaska Natives. The Indian Health Service provides a comprehensive health service delivery system for approximately 1.9 million American Indians and Alaska Natives who belong to 567 federally recognized tribes, in 35 states. The Indian Health Service Headquarters is located in Rockville, MD and then divided into twelve (12) physical areas: Alaska, Albuquerque, Bemidji, Billings, California, Great Plains, Nashville, Navajo, Oklahoma, Phoenix, Portland, and Tucson. The Great Plains Area Office (GPAO) works in conjunction with 19 Indian Health Service Units and Tribal Managed Service Units to provide health care to approximately 130,000 Native American located in North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Iowa. QNBMHCF falls under the GPAO and provides medical care to approximately 14,550 tribal members living on the Turtle Mountain Indian Reservation. The Service Unit was built in 1967 with renovation and clinic expansion completed in 1992, to provide an expanded level of outpatient health care services specifically designed to meet the needs of our population. Services include: 24 Hour Emergency Services, Laboratory, Radiology (CAT Scan & Mobile MRI) and 24-Hour Pharmacy Services, Optometry, Dental, Clinic, Emergency, Podiatry, Same Day Clinic, and Behavioral Health. 2. OBJECTIVE To provide diabetic shoes and inserts for diabetic patients at the Quentin N. Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND. 3. SCOPE The Government is seeking vendors capable of providing therapeutic footwear and inserts for patients diagnosed with Diabetes Mellitus and related conditions that place them at risk for foot ulceration and complications. The Contractor shall provide: Extra depth diabetic shoes or custom-molded shoes Custom-molded and/or prefabricated inserts (heat-moldable where applicable) Products designed to relieve pressure points, accommodate deformities, and prevent skin breakdown Custom-Molded Shoes: Constructed over a positive model of the patient’s foot Made from leather or other suitable material of equal quality Have removable inserts, with the choice to alter or replace them as the patient’s condition warrants Have some form of shoe closure Depth Shoes Have a full length, heel-to-toe filler that, when removed, gives at least 3/16 of an inch of added depth to accommodate custom-molded or customized inserts Made from leather or other suitable material of equal quality Have some form of shoe closure Available in full and half sizes with at least 3 widths so the sole is graded to size and width of upper parts of shoes according to the American standard last sizing schedule (the numerical shoe sizing system used for shoes sold in the U.S.) or its equivalent Inserts Must retain their shape during use for the life of the inserts Are total contact, multiple density, removable inlays directly molded to the patient’s foot or a model of the patient’s foot or directly carved from a patient-specific, rectified electronic model and made of material suitable for the patient’s condition 4. CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS/ AND PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS Interested vendors shall demonstrate the ability to provide properly fitted diabetic footwear and inserts, either in-person or via an established remote fitting process. Accept and fulfill provider prescriptions. Ensure proper sizing and fitting to reduce the risk of ulceration or injury. Deliver products within standard commercial timeframes. Provide expedited services when required. Vendors should have experience providing diabetic footwear and inserts to federal agencies, hospitals, or healthcare systems. Demonstrated past performance on similar requirements. 5. TYPE OF ORDER This is a firm fixed price purchase order. 6. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The anticipated period of performance will consist of a base year of twelve (12) months, followed by four (4) twelve-month option periods, for a potential total period of performance of five (5) years, contingent upon continued need, contractor performance, and availability of funds. 7. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility 1300 Hospital Loop Belcourt, ND 58316 8. REPORT(S)/DELIVERABLES AND DELIVERY SCHEDULE Deliver therapeutic footwear and inserts within an estimated 7-21 calendar days after receipt of order (ARO). Provide expedited delivery for urgent clinical needs, when required. Support recurring, patient-specific orders. 9. PAYMENT Payment will be rendered once all supplies are shipped and accounted for and invoice is uploaded into IPP to be paid.

10.0 Capability Statement/Information: Interested parties are expected to review this notice to familiarize themselves with the requirements of this project. Failure to do so will be at your firm’s own risk. The following information shall be included in the capability statement: 1. A general overview of the respondents’ opinions about the difficulty and/or feasibility of the potential requirement, and any information regarding innovative ideas or concepts. 2. Information in sufficient detail about the respondent’s (a) current capability and capacity to perform the work; (b) prior completed events of similar nature/size; (c) organizational experience and management capability; and (d) examples of prior completed Government contracts and other related information. 3. The respondents’ UEI number, organization name, address, point of contact, and size and type of business (e.g., 8(a), HUBZone, etc.) Pursuant to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code: 339113, Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing, or comparable NAICS. 4. Any other information that may be helpful in developing or finalizing the requirements of the potential acquisition. 5. The capability statement shall not exceed 10 single-sided pages (including all attachments, resumes, charts, etc.) presented in single-space and using a 12-point font size minimum, in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF), with 8-1/2 by 11-inch paper size, and 1 inch top, bottom, left and right margins. 6. All proprietary information should be marked as such. Statements should also include an indication of current certified small business status; this indication should be clearly marked on the first page of your capability statement (preferably placed under the eligible small business concern’s name and address). Responses will be reviewed only by IHS personnel and will be held in a confidential manner.

11.0 Closing Statement Point of Contact: Farrah Azure, Purchasing Agent, at Farrah.Azure@ihs.gov Submission Instructions: Interested parties shall submit capability via email to Farrah Azure, at Farrah.Azure@ihs.gov . Must include Sources Sought Number IHS1520788 in the Subject line. The due date for receipt of statements is April 9, 2026, 12:00 p.m. Central Time. All responses must be received by the specified due date and time in order to be considered. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of IHS. IHS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses nor otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted. As a result of this notice, IHS may issue a Request for Quote (RFQ). THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. However, should such a requirement materialize, no basis for claims against IHS shall arise as a result of a response to this notice or IHS’s use of such information as either part of our evaluation process or in developing specifications for any subsequent requirement. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Farrah Azure
  - Email: farrah.azure@ihs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/325793bef52041e9bf9e9490d3840818/view)