---
layout: default
title: J066--CAGE & RACK WASHER-PMR
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 29da954bd4da40ea82c8dd0632dd33d3
---

# J066--CAGE & RACK WASHER-PMR

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 13:30:49.189-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0582
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. It is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this source must be in writing. The purpose of this source sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) company name (b) address (c) point of contact (d) phone, fax, and email (e) DUNS number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of small business, e.g. Services Disabled Veteran Owned small Business, Veteran-owned small business, 8(a), HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business, Small disadvantaged business, or Small Business HUBZone business and (i) must provide a capability statement that addresses the organizations qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. The Department of Veteran Affairs, San Diego VA Health Care System Research Department Requires a comprehensive preventative maintenance and service repair on the animal cage and rack washer. Important information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance. Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov and complete Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA). Additionally, all Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the SBA-Dynamic Small Business Search (DSBS) Registry located at https://dsbs.sba.gov. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to garrett.lyles@va.gov All information submissions to be marked Attn: Garrett Lyles, Contracting Officer and should be received no later than 1:00 pm MST on April 06, 2025. STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Contract Number: Task Order Number: IFCAP Tracking Number: Follow-on to Contract and Task Order Number: 1. Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) Name: Leda Sally Section: RESEARCH Address: 3350 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE SAN DIEGO, CA 92161 Phone Number: Fax Number: E-Mail Address: 2. Contract Title. Preventative Maintenance and service contract for animal Cage and Rack Washer 3. Background. A preventative maintenance and service contract is requested for the animal cage and rack washer, make- BetterBuilt, Model number R-630, Serial number 630-1109-N29. The research veterinary medical unit utilizes the cage and rack washer to steam clean and sanitize animal cages (mouse and rat) and cage racks that house animal cages. This is essential for animal research for their VA funded specific research projects. The cage and rack washer needs to be in working condition all the time, and requires constant maintenance and repair to be functional. They also need to be calibrated annually. Also, the need for service, repair and maintenance is mandatory as our research service is located on the 6th floor of the hospital with the operating rooms in the 5th floor area. Any issues with the animal cage and rack washer will result in leakage of water which may enter the 5th floor area and cause inconvenience to the services in that floor. 4. Scope. VA Medical Center Research Department, 3350 La Jolla Village Dr, San Diego, 6th floor, Room 6252/6252A, CA 92161 Requires a comprehensive preventative maintenance and service repair on the animal cage and rack washer. 5. Specific Tasks. The contractor shall provide comprehensive service and preventative maintenance (replacement of all valves when needed), calibration services, repair, and support to include all parts and labor. Service, maintenance and repair contract (1 base year+ 4 option years) for the animal cage and rack washer shall be provided. The contractor will provide technical telephonic assistance to the operators of the equipment in determining locality of potential malfunctions and the performance of password resets. There will be unlimited service visits during the period of Monday through Friday, from 07:30 AM to 4:00 PM, excluding holidays. The contractor must provide documentation on all test equipment used to check and calibrate the equipment to ensure that it has been calibrated according to manufacturer s standards. All work is to be performed by competent service personnel, experienced, and certified to work on BetterBuilt R-630 animal cage and rack washer. The contractor shall furnish and replace all parts to restore the equipment to a serviceable condition at no additional cost to the government. This includes, but not limited to labor, materials, parts, test equipment, tools facilities, shipping and incidentals necessary to perform calibration and major repair or refurbishment services on a varying quantity of government-owned precision test equipment for both sterilizers. Parts shall be new and compatible with existing equipment. All replaced parts shall become property of the contractor for them to dispose or recycle as they see fit. The contractor will provide written description of all the work performed on each equipment item. All part replacement will be accomplished during regular business hours. Maintenance is to include all interconnections, devices and cables associated with the equipment being repaired. The contractor will provide at least two (2) weeks notices to Research Service at the VA Medical Center prior to proposed service dates for all scheduled maintenance by calling 858-552-8585, extension 3657.Service Technicians must report to Bldg 1, 6th Floor, contact Adrian Radi, Joshua Wagoner or Chitra Mandyam at ext 3396.Technicians must sign into Police and Security, 1st floor, telephone # 858-642-3946, Room 1508-1. 6. Performance Monitoring. Adrian Radi veterinary medical unit manager, Joshua Wagoner Space Manager or Chitra Mandyam Research safety officer, will be checking quality of performance when service is used. 7. Security Requirements. N/A 8. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI). None 9. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations. N/A a. Identification of Possible Follow-on Work. N/A b. Identification of Potential Conflicts of Interest (COI). N/A c. Identification of Non-Disclosure Requirements. N/A Contractors must execute non-disclosure agreements when they work with sensitive and/or proprietary information. Your SOW must identify any sensitive or proprietary information to which the contractor will have access during contract performance so the non-disclosure agreements can be signed by the time the contract is awarded. d. Packaging, Packing and Shipping Instructions. N/A e. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria. N/A 10. Risk Control. N/A. 11. Place of Performance. 3350 La Jolla Village Drive, Main Hospital, 6th floor, Room 6252/6252A, CA 92161 12. Period of Performance. Base: 04/15/206-04/14/2027 OY1 04/15/2027-04/14/2028 OY2 04/15/2028-04/14/2029 OY3 04/15/2029-04/14/2030 OY4 04/15/2030-04/14/2031 13. Delivery Schedule: N/A

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Garrett Lyles
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: garrett.lyles@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/29da954bd4da40ea82c8dd0632dd33d3/view)