---
layout: default
title: 508-22-104 | Upgrade PACS System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e62c73728ed24ec48db837adba80b7d4
---

# 508-22-104 | Upgrade PACS System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 11:55:47.505-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726R0096

## Summary

THIS CONSTRUCTION SERVICES PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). CONTRACTORS SHOULD NOT SUBMIT FORMAL PROPOSALS UNTIL THE RFP IS POSTED TO THIS WEBSITE. Set-Aside Information: This acquisition is a 100% Set Aside for certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSBs). Prospective Contractors are cautioned that a proposal submitted in response to this solicitation must meet the criteria identified in VAAR Clause 852.219-73, VA NOTICE OF TOTAL SET-ASIDE FOR CERTIFIED SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION). Prospective Contractors must comply with VAAR Clause 852.219-75 VA NOTICE OF LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING—CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE FOR SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION). In the case of a contract for special trade contractors, the contractor will not pay more than 75% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not certified SDVOSBs listed in the SBA certification database as set forth in 852.219-73 or certified VOSBs listed in the SBA certification database as set forth in 852.219-74. Any work that a similarly situated certified SDBOSB/VOSB subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 75% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Cost of materials is excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. For an SDVOSB to be considered as a prospective contractor, the firm must be certified and listed in the SBA certification database (search.certifications.sba.gov) and registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database (sam.gov) at time of submission of their qualification. A joint venture may be considered eligible as an SDVOSB if the joint venture complies with the requirements in 13 CFR 128.402 and the managing joint venture partner makes the representations under 852.219-73(c). A joint venture agrees that, in the performance of the contract, the applicable percentage specified in paragraph 852.219-73(d) of the clause will be performed by the aggregate of the joint venture participants. Failure of a prospective SDVOSB to meet these certification requirements by the SBA shall result in elimination from consideration. The firm must also report to VETS-4212 Federal Contractor Reporting in accordance with FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans at dol.gov/agencies/vets/programs/vets4212 if applicable. Contract Information: A Firm Fixed Price Construction contract is contemplated for: Project No. & Title: 508-22-104 Upgrade PACS System Work Location: Joseph Maxwell Cleland VAMC (Main Campus Decatur, Ga) – Trinka Davis Village (Carrollton, Ga) – Fort Mcpherson (Atlanta, Ga) Magnitude of Construction: Between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. Estimated/target Completion Period: 183 calendar days from NTP for construction. NAICS code for this acquisition is 238210, Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors, with a size standard of $19.0 million. The Product Service Code (PSC) is Y1DA, Construction of Hospitals and Infirmaries. Definitization of equitable adjustments for any potential change orders will be handled in accordance with (IAW) federal regulations and policies as outlined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Department of Veterans Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR), Veterans Affairs Acquisition Manual (VAAM), and any other applicable Veterans Affairs (VA) guidelines and policies. Applicable provisions and clauses will be included in the solicitation and subsequent contract. Data regarding VA timelines on definitizations within the past 3 fiscal years is currently unavailable. Project Information: Complete upgrade of Physical CCTV Monitoring and Surveillance System and Physical Access Control System (PACS) which includes approximately 500CCTV cameras, DVRs, monitors, LCD monitors, software, and low-voltage wiring and cabling. Survey facility to verify VA physical security requirements, review design documents for "508-19-109 Implement PACS", survey and inventory PACS equipment and wiring previously installed, equipment and hardware turned over to the government and provide new construction bid documents to complete the PACS installation and add additional cameras in all new areas. Physical Access Control System (PACS): The PACS infrastructure will entail installation of circuitry, five hundred-plus (500+) card-readers and code-input devices, and a central command unit. The code-input devices and card-readers will be install throughout at locations that are designated security-compromised - medication storage rooms, the pharmacy dispensing areas and cache, and the VA Police Control Center including the SCIF room, and selected offices. Closed-circuit television (CCTV) surveillance: The proposed CCTV system will entail replacing the existing infrastructure and increasing system which will comprise of a combination of approximately 500 CCTV cameras throughout the medical center, eight (8) DVRs, twelve 14-inch LCD monitors, six(6) 42-inch LCD monitors, software, and low-voltage wiring and cabling. The existing CCTV systems is operating at less than fifty percent (50%)capacity. Site Visits: A pre-proposal site visit will be held. Date and time will be announced in the solicitation. Selection Criteria: This requirement will be procured using the Trade-Off Source Selection process providing the best value to the Government. Submission Criteria: Solicitation 36C24726R0096 (including relevant documents, specifications, and drawings) will likely be posted on or about 5/8/2026 to sam.gov under Contract Opportunities. Once it is posted, all responsible sources may submit a proposal, which will be considered by the agency if they meet the requirements as listed in the solicitation. Any amendments to the solicitation will be posted solely to this website. It will be the responsibility of the offeror to verify the number of amendments issued.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Crispin
  - Email: ryan.crispin@va.gov
  - Phone: 7062317600
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Gregory Snyder
  - Email: gregory.snyder@va.gov
  - Phone: 7623334273

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e62c73728ed24ec48db837adba80b7d4/view)