---
layout: default
title: H244--ME - TRANSFER SWITCH MAINT BASE PLUS 5 - CO (VA-26-00004264) 589-26-3-5329-0002
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a8780680817044879767aee8b3306bac
---

# H244--ME - TRANSFER SWITCH MAINT BASE PLUS 5 - CO (VA-26-00004264) 589-26-3-5329-0002

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 08:37:54.303-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0027
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)/SOURCES SOUGHT DISCLAIMER 1. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. 2. The submission of pricing, capabilities for planning purposes, and other market information is highly encouraged and allowed under this RFI In Accordance With (IAW) FAR Part 15.201(e). SCOPE: Procurement of service agreement to maintain full-service support of Automatic Transfer Switches (ATS). This contract shall cover scheduled (preventive maintenance) and unscheduled (emergent) maintenance. All parts, labor, and travel shall be included. BACKGROUND: This contract will be used to provide full maintenance and testing service for the Harry S. Truman Memorial Veterans Hospital (HSTMVH). Proper maintenance of the ATS is needed to ensure the continued operation and transfer in case of a power outage. SITE VISIT: A site visit will be scheduled providing all potential bidders the opportunity to view the electrical distribution system. The date and time will be listed in the solicitation. BADGES, PARKING, CHECK-IN PROCESS: All Contractor personnel are required to wear identification (I.D.) badges issued by the HSTMVH Engineering office during the entire time they are on the HSTMVH grounds. It is the responsibility of the Contractor s personnel to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. The HSTMVH shall not validate or make reimbursement for parking violations of the Contractor s personnel under any circumstance. The contractor s technician shall report to the VA representative office Facilities Management prior to starting work. The Contractor s technician shall prepare a written service ticket explaining the work for the day, a listing of which parts are to be used, the price of each part and the total price of multiple parts. The ticket shall be given to the VA representative for approval. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Base Year: 06/05/2026 06/04/2027 Option Year I: 06/05/2027 06/04/2028 Option Year II: 06/05/2028 06/04/2029 Option Year III: 06/05/2029 06/04/2030 Option Year IV: 06/05/2030 06/04/2031 CONTRACTOR QUALIFICATIONS: Fully qualified is based upon training and hands-on experience in the field.Â For training, the Field Service Engineer (FSE) has successfully completed a formalized training program for the equipment identified in this solicitation as required by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and equal to what the manufacturer provides their own field service personnel.Â All PMs shall be provided by a manufacturer certified technician. Contractor must provide evidence of appropriate training of any FSE(s) providing services under terms of the contract.Â Subcontracting of any ensuing award of this solicitation will not be allowed without written permission of the Contracting Officer. Contractor must have access to all OEM proprietary information due to the critical nature of these services.Â Examples of this information would be software updates and factory service bulletins that describe updates/modifications needed to make the equipment under this contract safe for use. PERSONNEL ACCEPTANCE: The Government reserves the right to accept or reject Contractor s staff for the rendering of services. Complaints concerning Contract Personnel s performance or conduct shall be dealt with by the Contractor, VA representative and the final decision made by the Contracting Officer. CONTRACTOR S RESPONSIBILITIES: The Contractor shall take all precautions necessary to protect against injury or damage during the performance of this contract. The Contractor shall be responsible for any injury to contractor s employees as well as for any damage to personal or public property that occurs during the performance of this contract that is caused by contractor s employees fault or negligence. Enforce contractor performance (timely submission of deliverables, compliance with personnel screening requirements, and appropriate termination activity as appropriate). The authorization requirements do not apply, a Security Accreditation Package is not required. HOURS OF SERVICES: The Contractor shall perform the services as specified herein Monday through Friday except for National Holidays between the hours of 6:00p.m. 6:00a.m. Government national holidays: The Contractor is not required to provide services on the following national holidays nor shall the Contractor be paid for these holidays: New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 4 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 When a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as a legal holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a legal holiday by the U.S. Government agencies. Also included, would be any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States of America to be a National Holiday. AUTOMATIC TRANSFER SWITCHES: The following ATS shall be covered under this contract: TABLE 1: HSTMVH ATS LISTING Location Local Identifier Make ATS Model Amperage EE# E009 ATS-1 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 400 112962 E003A ATS-2 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 800 112963 E009 ATS-3 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 600 112964 E009 ATS-4 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 400 112965 D022 ATS-EL ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 600 38169 D022 ATS-LS ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 600 77309 D022 ATS-EQ1 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 800 77312 D022 ATS-EQ2 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 1600 136955 D022 ATS-EQ3 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 800 TBD D022 ATS-C1 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 600 77310 D022 ATS-C2 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 800 77311 D022 ATS-C3 ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V 600 136954 D020 ATS-C4 Zenith Transfer Switch, ZBTS00B10160E, 480V 1600 136952 D017 ATS-FP Metron Transfer Switch, MP 300-50-480C, 480V 100 77315 SCHEDULE OF WORK: The vendor shall provide work at the intervals defined below. The contract is a base plus four option years. ATS Maintenance (See Note Below Table) ATS-1, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 400A Every 12 months ATS-2, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 800A Every 12 months ATS-3, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 600A Every 12 months ATS-4, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 400A Every 12 months ATS-EL, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 600A Every 12 months ATS-LS, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 600A Every 12 months ATS-EQ1, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 800A Every 12 months ATS-EQ2, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 1600A Every 12 months ATS-EQ3, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 800A Every 12 months ATS-C1, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 600A Every 12 months ATS-C2, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 800A Every 12 months ATS-C3, ASCO Transfer Switch, Series 7000, 480V, 600A Every 12 months ATS-C4, Zenith Transfer Switch, ZBTS00B10160E, 480V, 1600A Every 12 months ATS-FP, Metron Transfer Switch, MP 300-50-480C, 480V, 100A Every 12 months MAINTENANCE: Preventive maintenance procedures shall be in accordance with the most current code; NFPA 110: Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems. The vendor shall perform preventive maintenance (PM) per ATS manufacturer s specifications. shall provide all PM kits and parts necessary to complete the PM per the manufacturer s specifications. General Work Items Check all lighted signals and replace bulbs as necessary. Inspect enclosure, wiring, and connections for any signs of damage, wear, or excessive heat. Clean enclosure and components to remove dust, dirt, and debris. Check switch contacts; remove transfer switch barriers and check the condition of the contacts; replace contacts if pitted, excessively worn or indicate high resistance readings; carefully reinstall barriers. VA will pay material cost for replacement of contacts. Inspect all components, including contacts, relays, switches, and control panels for signs of wear, corrosion, or overheating. Check transfer switch lubrication; if necessary by visual inspection, renew all factory lubrication on all movements and linkages; relubricate solenoid operator if transfer switch coil is replaced. Do not use oil, use Factory approved lubricant as recommended by each switch manufacturer. Check all cable connections and retighten them as necessary. Verify and adjust sensitivity settings and time delays as per manufacturer s specifications. Perform all necessary tests on transfer switch to assure proper operation; return switch to a ready state for transfer of loads to emergency power in the event of a normal power outage. Each switch shall be operationally tested at the conclusion of the individual switch maintenance procedures. Parts for Repair For repairs, Contractor shall furnish the COR with an estimate (via email) of the cost to make necessary repairs. Contractor shall also provide a comparison quote to the COR for what that item would have cost for commercial pricing so Government has basis for making price fair and reasonableness determination, or as alternative, Contractor shall provide a quote provided to another federal agency for similar item for determination purposes. All required parts shall be provided by the Contractor. No equipment or parts shall be considered obsolete until they are out of production for 7 years or cannot be replaced with a similar device or piece of equipment. After repairs to the ATS equipment have been completed, the VA representative must indicate acceptance of the work by stating acceptance on the repair ticket and by signing the ticket. A copy of the properly approved ticket shall accompany the payment invoice, and without proper signatures, the service call shall not be paid. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS: Contractor shall provide report for each ATS with all data points included. Service reports shall be delivered electronically within 7 calendar days after completing any work. Contractor shall provide handwritten notes before leaving station. Records of lockout tagout shall be maintained by service technician and listed in service report. Contractor is to prepare an annual report as to the improvements, maintenance, and service and over-all condition of the ATS equipment. Report shall include: all equipment describing repairs and/or corrections completed and suggestions for future work. 3. This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is an RFI/sources sought only. The purpose of this sources sought/RFI is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 56120 . Responses to this sources sought will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this sources sought, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this sources sought synopsis are not considered adequate responses for a solicitation announcement. 4. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 15 Network Contracting Office, is seeking sources that can provide the following: This contract is issued to ensure the continuous reliability of the boiler system identified in the statement of work. Malfunctioning burners or controls can cause catastrophic events resulting in injuries and death and massive property damage. Inaccurate or inadequate data management and monitoring systems can fail to warn of unsafe or inefficient performance. Regular inspections, testing and calibration are an essential part of a program to address these concerns. 5. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the requirement. If you are interested, and are capable of providing the sought out services, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below . Failure to respond to all questions in this sources sought will determine the interested party as non-responsive which may affect a set-aside decision for a resulting solicitation. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: a. Please provide your UEI number. b. Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? c. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? d. Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? e. If you re an SDVOSB, VOSB or small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? f. If you are identified as a SDVOSB/VOSB or SB, Identify how you intend to meet the requirements found in the limitations on subcontracting FAR or VAAR clauses. (providing 51% of the work outlined in section 4 above) g. Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA, VA NAC, NASA SEWP, or any other federal contract, that can be utilized to procure the requirement listed above? If so, please provide the contract number(s). h. Please submit your capabilities that show clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that you can meet the requirement described above. 6. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to george.johnson9@va.gov. Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Friday 4/23/26 at 10:00 am CST. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the responses to this sources sought. Responses to this sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: George Johnson
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: george.johnson9@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1988

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a8780680817044879767aee8b3306bac/view)