---
layout: default
title: CYLINDER HEAD,DIESE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: ee64c78cd2484e6ebd6e1f9d60c103b9
---

# CYLINDER HEAD,DIESE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 04:29:07.229-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010424QXC00

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N774.8|GWA|717-605-4682|randy.e.stoker.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report (combo)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|PEG00L, PEG003, PPK002 |Enter Vendor DoDAAC|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS Mechanicsburg| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| BUY AMERICAN --FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM - BASIC (FEB2024))|11|||||||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (NOV 2023)|13|x||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (FEB 2024)|13|333618|1500 employees|x|x|x||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||| This is an extension of a solicitation by the date/time stated elsewhere onthis amendment. Quotes will only be accepted from a qualified source certified by a DOD-cognizant technical authority. Award will only be made for the full quantity and to a single authorized source if a fair and reasonable offer is received (no splitting of the requirement between 2 or more qualified offerors). \ The solicitation is hereby reopened and extended. Amendment includes, but not limited to, updates in the TDP, Packaging, andtotal quantity. This is a Foreign Military Sales (FMS) New Buy Spare requirement. This solicitation is issued pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ^^ EVALUATION FACTORS: Utilizing Simplified Acquisition Procedures: The Government will issue an order resulting from this Request for Quotation to the responsible offeror whose quotation results in the best value to the Government, considering both price and a non-price factors. The following factors will be used to evaluate quotations: 1) Price. 2) Delivery. 3) Past Performance. The offeror's past performance on related contracts will be evaluated to determine, as appropriate, successful performance of contract requirements, quality and timeliness of delivery of goods and services, cost management, communications between contracting parties, proactive management, and customer satisfaction. 4) Supplier Performance Risk as described in DFARS 252.204-7024. NOTE: The government will only award this FMS requirement if a fair andreasonable offer is received from a qualified source. Award is also dependenton adequate and approved funding from the FMS country, if needed. (End of provision) Quotes shall be received no later than the date specified in the solicitation in order to be considered. Any offeror must be a qualified New Spare Buy source approved by a DOD-cognizant technical authority. Award will NOT be delayed awaiting additional source approvals if there are already approved sources available and willing to provide a fair and reasonable offer. Source addition is normally for future procurements of the same NSN/part number to prevent impact on current military requirements. Also a valid SAM registration is required and NIST(cyber security) assessment score posted on PIEE is required to be eligible for award. A. Electronic submission of any quotes, representations, and any necessary certifications shall be accomplished via an email directed to randy.e.stoker.civ@us.navy.mil and receipt must be acknowledged in response. B. General Requirements: MIL-STD Packaging, Government Source Inspection Required. C. All freight is FOB Origin. D. This RFQ is for a BUY/Procurement. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. E. Only a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) will be accepted. F. Must adhere to IUID requirements of DFARS 252.211-7003. G. The ultimate awardee of the proposed contract action must be an authorized source. Award of the proposed contract action will not be delayed while an unauthorized source seeks to obtain authorization. H. Your quote should include the following information for justification purposes: - New procurement unit price____________________ - Total Price _____________________ _____________________ - Procurement delivery lead time (PTAT) _________________ days - Award to CAGE _______________ - Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not at Award to CAGE _____________ - Cost breakdown requested, including profit rate (if feasible). - Quote expiration date _______________ (90 Days minimum is requested). - Delivery Vehicle (If Delivery Order requested)(e.g. if your CAGE has a current BOA/IDIQ) I. Important Traceability Notice: If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must provide an official letter and/or email from the OEM confirming that your company is an authorized distributor of their items. The government reserves the right to amend this solicitation at any time, including, but not limited to, modifying the evaluation factors and order of priority, changing the terms and conditions, extending the solicitation period, canceling the solicitation and/or reissuing a new solicitation or not awarding the requirement all together. DFARS 252.225-7027 - RESTRICTION ON CONTINGENT FEES FOR FOREIGN MILITARY SALES (a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this clause, contingent fees, as defined in the Covenant Against Contingent Fees clause of this contract, are generally an allowable cost, provided the fees are paid to- (1) A bona fide employee of the Contractor; or (2) A bona fide established commercial or selling agency maintained by the Contractor for the purpose of securing business. (b) For foreign military sales, unless the contingent fees have been identified and payment approved in writing by the foreign customer before contract award, the following contingent fees are unallowable under this contract: (1) For sales to the Government(s) of EGYPT, contingent fees in ANY amount. The U.S. government will only award this FMS New Spare Buy requirement if a fair and reasonable offer is received from a qualified source. The U.S. government will NOT pay for any information submitted. \ The solicitation is hereby extended to the date & time stated elsewhere on this amendment. \ (1) Delivery is hereby removed as one of the listed EVALUATION FACTORS. (Was listed on page 3 of the original solicitation). (2) All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged. \ This is a Foreign Military Sales (FMS) New Buy Spare requirement. This solicitation is issued pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexiblities (EAF). Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ^^ EVALUATION FACTORS: Evaluation Utilizing Simplified Acquisition Procedures: The Government will issue an order resulting from this Request for Quotation to the responsible offeror whose quotation results in the best value to theGovernment, considering both price and a non-price factors. The followingfactors will be used to evaluate quotations: 1) Price. 2) Delivery. 3) Past Performance. The offeror's past performance on related contracts willbe evaluated to determine, as appropriate, successful performance of contractrequirements, quality and timeliness of delivery of goods and services, costmanagement, communications between contracting parties, proactive management, and customer satisfaction. 4) Supplier Performance Risk as described in DFARS 252.204-7024. (End of provision) Quotes shall be received no later than the date specified in the solicitationin order to be considered. Any offeror must be a qualified New Spare Buy source approved by a DOD-cognizant technical authority. Award will NOT be delayed awaiting additional source approvals if there are already approved sources available and willing to provide a fair and reasonable offer. Source addition is normally for future procurements of the same NSN/part number to prevent impact on current military requirements. Also a valid SAM registration is required and NIST(cyber security) assessment score posted on PIEE is required to be eligible for award. A. Electronic submission of any quotes, representations, and any necessary certifications shall be accomplished via an email directed torandy.e.stoker.civ@us.navy.mil and receipt must be acknowledged in response. B. General Requirements: MIL-STD Packaging, Government Source InspectionRequired. C. All freight is FOB Origin. D. This RFQ is for a BUY/Procurement. The resultant award of thissolicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's writtenacceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. E. Only a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) will be accepted. F. Must adhere to IUID requirements of DFARS 252.211-7003 G. The ultimate awardee of the proposed contract action must be an authorizedsource. Award of the proposed contract action will not be delayed while anunauthorized source seeks to obtain authorization. H. Your quote should include the following information for justificationpurposes: - New procurement unit price____________________ - Total Price _____________________ - Procurement delivery lead time (PTAT) _________________ days - Award to CAGE _______________ - Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not at Award to CAGE _____________ - Cost breakdown requested, including profit rate (if feasible). - Quote expiration date _______________ (90 Days minimum is requested). - Delivery Vehicle (If Delivery Order requested)(e.g. if your CAGE has a current BOA/IDIQ) I. Important Traceability Notice: If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you mustprovide an official letter and/or email from the OEM confirming that yourcompany is an authorized distributor of their items. The government reserves the right to amend this solicitation at any time, including, but not limited to, modifying the evaluation factors and order of priority, changing the terms and conditions, extending the solicitation period, canceling the solicitation and/or reissuing a new solicitation or not awarding the requirement all together. DFARS 252.225-7027 - RESTRICTION ON CONTINGENT FEES FOR FOREIGN MILITARY SALES(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this clause, contingent fees, asdefined in the Covenant Against Contingent Fees clause of this contract, aregenerally an allowable cost, provided the fees are paid to- (1) A bona fide employee of the Contractor; or (2) A bona fide established commercial or selling agency maintained by theContractor for the purpose of securing business. (b) For foreign military sales, unless the contingent fees have been identified and payment approved in writing by the foreign customer before contract award, the following contingent fees are unallowable under this contract: (1) For sales to the Government(s) of EGYPT & PAKISTAN, contingent fees in anyamount. (2) For sales to Governments not listed in paragraph (b)(1) of this clause, contingent fees exceeding $50,000 per foreign military sale case. The U.S. government will only award this FMS New Spare Buy requirement if a fair and reasonable offer is received from a qualified source. The U.S. government will NOT pay for any information submitted. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the CYLINDER HEAD,DIESE . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |R |180524|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The CYLINDER HEAD,DIESE furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;1JQZ6 11B248 4U010 2815010658297 72582 E23521963 6TET8 11B248;

3.2 Manufacturing and Design - The CYLINDER HEAD,DIESE furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material and physical requirements as specified ;72582 E23521963; . 3.3 ;Distributors must obtain direct from the manufacturer as identified in the Technical Data Package.;

3.4 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; .

3.5 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.6 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.)

3.7 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS.

6.2 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

6.3 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: RANDY.E.STOKER.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Email: RANDY.E.STOKER.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |R |180524|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ee64c78cd2484e6ebd6e1f9d60c103b9/view)