---
layout: default
title: Brand Name Only Mass Comparator Mass Comparator Model XPR10003SC
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3cba4ef32b6c471b84c3618855eca020
---

# Brand Name Only Mass Comparator Mass Comparator Model XPR10003SC

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 14:25:38.196-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333ND26QNB30500941

## Summary

(I) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (II) The solicitation number is 1333ND26QNB30500941 and this solicitation is a brand name only Request for Quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is being solicited as a total small business set-aside. Brand Name Only Justification: The NIST Fluid Metrology Group (FMG) maintains standards for realizing gas flow and is building a low flow standard for semiconductor process gases. FMG must determine the volumes of gas collection vessels with low uncertainty. FMG does this by weighing a vessel with a fluid that has a known, low-uncertainty density. FMG has historically used a 30+ year old Mettler Toledo mass comparator model that is no longer supported by Mettler Toledo. A replacement is now required. For the purposes of compatibility with existing research methods and reliable comparison of results with existing data, it is necessary to obtain a replacement mass comparator from the same manufacturer. FMG’s project protocols have been designed around the features of the proprietary Mettler Toledo mass comparator and only an instrument with the same properties is compatible with the existing protocols. Further, the FMG uses only Mettler Toledo weigh scales, in addition to the mass comparator, to ensure data compatibility across measurements. Mettler Toledo brand equipment is calibrated in a proprietary fashion and use of any other brand of product will jeopardize continuity of ongoing research data. (III) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the RFO. (IV) The associated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 334516, Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing, with a size standard of 1,000 employees. (V) All quoters shall provide a firm fixed price quotation in accordance with the attached copy of the Request for Quotation. (VI) The requirements for the line items to be acquired above are in the attached Statement of Requirements document. Attachment #1: Statement of Requirements Attachment #2: Applicable Provisions and Clauses Attachement #3: Copy of Solicitation/ Request for Quotation (VII) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and FOB point are required in accordance with the attached Statement of Requirements document. FOB Destination or equivalent INCOTERMS required. (VIII) Quoters/Contractors must possess an ACTIVE registration in the System for Award Management system, www.SAM.gov, when submitting a quotation and shall continue to be registered until time of award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract resulting from this solicitation. The Contracting Officer shall confirm that quoters have an “active” registration at the www.sam.gov website upon receipt of the quotation. If the SAM.gov registration is not active, the quotation will not be considered for award (IX) The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION Jan 2026), applies to this acquisition. See Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 below. Addendum to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION Jan 2026): DUE DATE FOR QUOTATIONS Quoters shall submit their electronic quotations, via email, so that NIST receives them not later than 11:00 AM Eastern Time on April 14, 2026. E-mail quotations shall be submitted directly to the Contract Specialist at lauren.roller@nist.gov with a copy to the Contracting Officer at tracy.retterer@nist.gov. Please reference the RFQ number in the subject line of all email communications. Quotations shall not be deemed received by the Government until the quotation is received in the e-mail inbox set forth above. INQUIRIES: Quoters must submit all questions concerning this solicitation in writing to both the Contract Specialist, Ms. Lauren Roller at lauren.roller@nist.gov, and the Contracting Officer, Ms. Tracy Retterer at tracy.retterer@nist.gov. Questions should be received no later than 11:00 AM ET on April 7, 2026. All responses to timely submitted questions will be made in writing, without identification of the questioner, and will be included in an amendment to the solicitation. Even if provided in other form, only the responses included in the amendment to the solicitation will be deemed as the Government’s formal response and govern performance of the contract. Quotation Preparation Instructions: All quotations shall conform to solicitation provisions/clauses and be prepared in accordance with this section. The quotation shall be clearly and concisely written as well as be neat and logically assembled. All pages of the quotation shall be appropriately numbered. The Quoter’s quotation shall be clearly divided into the following distinct volumes: Volume I – Technical Quotation Volume II – Price Quotation Volume III- Terms and Conditions Volume I - Technical Quotation: The Quoter shall submit one (1) copy of their technical quotation, electronically, via E-mail to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer identified above. The technical quotation shall address the following: Technical description and/or product literature. Quoters shall include the manufacturer, make and model of the product, manufacturer sales literature, or other product literature that CLEARLY DOCUMENTS that the quoted products meet or exceed all specifications outlined in the Statement of Requirements. The quoter is responsible for ensuring the submitted documentation clearly addresses all specifications and requirements. The offeror must not simply state they will meet or exceed the requirement; evidence must be provided. Country of origin of all manufactured end products quoted If applicable, evidence that the quoter is authorized by the manufacturer to sell the item(s) in the quotation. Confirmation of the quoter’s ability to meet the required delivery terms. Confirmation of the quoter’s ability to meet warranty requirements. Volume II - Price Quotation: The quoter shall submit one (1) copy of their price quotation, electronically, via E-mail to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer identified above. The price quotation shall address, at minimum, the following information. The solicitation number The name, phone number, and email address of the quoter's/contractor’s point of contact; Unique Entity Identifier # for quoter's/contractor’s active SAM.Gov registration. A firm fixed price for each required line item, including a unit price and total amount where applicable, and the aggregate quoted firm fixed price for the requirement. FOB Destination Shipping and Delivery costs must be included in the quotation either as a separate line item or contained in the total price of the quote. The quotation shall include a total firm fixed price for the requirement that includes all shipping/delivery costs Any applicable discount terms. Offerors that are proposing products manufactured outside of the United States must identify any other or unknown charges that may be applicable to the sale of these products (here indicated as CLIN 0002 - Other related transportation expenses) as a separate line item on price quotes/proposals. This price element may be listed as part of the cost of the product or as a sub-total element but must be clearly identified. This price element must only apply to the total value of the goods identified for customs processing. Only include the country of origin and the tariff percentage currently in place or the expected amount at time of delivery for that country. Price quotes shall clearly identify the relevant tariffs in terms of percentage and total cost. If there are multiple countries of origins and associated tariffs, identify each separately. Volume III – Terms and Conditions: The quoter shall review the provision and clauses attachment and complete any required information as required via a separate volume response to this solicitation. Note: System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. Acceptance of Terms and Conditions: If the contractor objects to any of the terms and conditions contained in this solicitation, the contractor shall state "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following: [Contractor shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s)].” It is the sole responsibility of the contractor to identify in their quotation any exceptions to the terms and conditions of the solicitation. If the contractor does not include such a statement, the submission of a quotation in response to this solicitation will be regarded as the Contractor's acceptance of the Government's terms and conditions for inclusion into the resultant purchase order (PO). Note: This procurement is not being conducted under the GSA Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) program or another Government-Wide Area Contract (GWAC). If a quoter submits a quotation based upon an FSS or GWAC contract, the Government will consider the quoted price. However, the terms and conditions stated herein will be included in any resultant purchase order, not the terms and conditions of the Quoter’s FSS or GWAC contract, and the statement required above shall be included in the quotation. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION Jan 2026) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: The Government intends to award a single firm fixed price purchase order (PO) from this solicitation utilizing simplified acquisitions procedures in accordance with FAR part 12 of the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul. The Government reserves the right not to award a PO and to make an award without discussions based solely upon initial quotes. Basis for Award: Award shall be made to the responsible quoter whose quotation, conforming to the solicitation, is the lowest priced, technically acceptable quote. A quoter's failure to address any factor may be considered indicative of the quoter's lack of understanding of the Government's requirements and may result in the offer being determined unacceptable. Evaluation Factors: Technical Capability: No prototypes, demonstration models, used or refurbished instruments will be considered. Evaluation of technical capability shall be based on the information provided in the quotation. NIST will evaluate whether the quoter has demonstrated that its proposed equipment meets or exceeds all minimum requirements, including the FOB Destination Delivery requirement and the requirement for delivery within 5 weeks after contractor receipt of order. Quotations that do not meet all minimum requirements will not be considered further for award. If a quoter’s technical description and/or product literature does not indicate whether its proposed equipment meets a certain minimum requirement, NIST will determine that it does not meet the requirements. Price: The quoted price will be evaluated. The evaluation will determine whether the quoted prices are reasonable in relation to the solicitation requirements. Prices must be entirely compatible with the technical portion of the quotation. (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lauren P. Roller
  - Email: lauren.roller@nist.gov
  - Phone: 3019753062

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: complete any required information as required via a separate volume response to this solicitation. Note: System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. Acceptance of Terms and Conditions: If the contractor objects to any of the terms and conditions contained in this solicitation, the contractor shall state "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following: [Contractor shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s)].” It is the sole responsibility of the contractor to identify in their quotation any exceptions to the terms and conditions of the solicitation. If the contractor does not include such a statement, the submission of a quotation in response to this solicitation will be regarded as the Contractor"s acceptance of the Government"s terms and conditions for inclusion into the resultant purchase order (PO). Note: This procurement is not being conducted under the GSA Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) program or another Government-Wide Area Contract (GWAC). If a quoter submits a quotation based upon an FSS or GWAC contract, the Government will consider the quoted price. However, the terms and conditions stated herein will be included in any resultant purchase order, not the terms and conditions of the Quoter’s FSS or GWAC contract, and the statement required above shall be included in the quotation. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION Jan 2026) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: The Government intends to award a single firm fixed price purchase order (PO) from this solicitation utilizing simplified acquisitions procedures in accordance with FAR part 12 of the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul. The Government reserves the right not to award a PO and to make an award without discussions based solely upon initial quotes. Basis for Award: Award shall be made to the responsible quoter whose quotation, conforming to the solicitation, is the lowest priced, technically acceptable quote. A quoter"s failure to address any factor may be considered indicative of the quoter"s lack of understanding of the Government"s requirements and may result in the offer being determined unacceptable. Evaluation Factors: Technical Capability: No prototypes, demonstration models, used or refurbished instruments will be considered. Evaluation of technical capability shall be based on the information provided in the quotation. NIST will evaluate whether the quoter has demonstrated that its proposed equipment meets or exceeds all minimum requirements, including the FOB Destination Delivery requirement and the requirement for delivery within 5 weeks after contractor receipt of order. Quotations that do not meet all minimum requirements will not be considered further for award. If a quoter’s technical description and/or product literature does not indicate whether its proposed equipment meets a certain minimum requirement, NIST will determine that it does not meet the requirements. Price: The quoted price will be evaluated. The evaluation will determine whether the quoted prices are reasonable in relation to the solicitation requirements. Prices must be entirely compatible with the technical portion of the quotation. (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3cba4ef32b6c471b84c3618855eca020/view)