---
layout: default
title: Human putative humanin peptide (MT-RNR2) ELISA kits
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 746109f4d4524b669b25d6e8a3f35f84
---

# Human putative humanin peptide (MT-RNR2) ELISA kits

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 16:34:39.335-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00243

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION-COMPETITIVE Title: Human putative humanin peptide (MT-RNR2) ELISA kits This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 75N98026Q00243 and the solicitation is issued as request for quotation (RFQ). Simplified Acquisition Procedures; and FAR Part 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items and is not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. A fixed-price type of purchase order is contemplated for this requirement. The National Institute of Aging (NIA), Investigators in the HANDLS study require data on circulating humanin (MT-RNR2) levels to support an ongoing longitudinal study. This data will expand our current research on examining how circulating factors play a role in age-related chronic disease. Humanin has anti-apoptotic, metabolic and neuroprotective properties and also has been associated with lifespan. It is important to quantitatively measure serum levels of humanin in HANDLS participants to understand the role of this hormone in aging, and age-related chronic disease, including type 2 diabetes. The government requires specific ELISA kits because the government has specific expertise, equipment and resources to perform the work using these kits at our Institute. Attachment 1 – Purchase Description for additional details. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 325414– Biological Product (Except Diagnostic) Manufacturing. Line Items: Through this procurement NIA anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for a total of forty-nine (49) Human Putative humanin peptide(MT-RNR2) ELISA Kits. (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable) as described in Attachment 1 – Purchase Description Below is a table that contains the line item numbers and description of the brand name or equal requirement for the anticipated award. Line No. Description 1 Human Putative humanin peptide(MT-RNR2) ELISA. SIZE 96T. QTY of 49. Description Requirement: Humanin (MT-RNR2) is a small, mitochondria-derived peptide that has attracted significant scientific interest due to its cytoprotective and anti-apoptotic properties. Humanin has been associated with aging and age-related chronic diseases including type 2 diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases and cardiovascular disease. To gain insight into its role in these processes in human cohorts, we will quantitatively measure levels of circulating humanin using ELISA kits. We will measure human humanin from serum from HANDLS participants. Serum samples from HANDLS participants are precious and limited quantities are available. Therefore, only a limited amount (<50 ul) can be used for this ongoing longitudinal study. We previously measured humanin using an ELISA kit (POTS# 24-012790) in a pilot study of 176 HANDLS participants. The government requires additional kits to expand upon this initial pilot study and to support an ongoing longitudinal study. For continuity of research and comparability of results, we need to use the same kit (CSB-EL015084HU) to measure humanin in additional HANDLS participants Salient characteristics: Human Humanin ELISA kit o-ELISA technology -96 well format -one kit assays humanin in 96 samples (including standards) -measure humanin from human serum -sensitivity to measure humanin at <7 pg/ml -required volume of serum to be <50 ul -compatibility to read absorbance on a SpectraMax M2 Microplate Reader -for continuity of research we need to compare our new data to our previous results using the Human Putative humanin peptide (MT-RNR2) ELISA kits (CSB-EL015084HU). -for the validity of the scientific research, data generated will need to be directly compared to those previously published in human aging cohorts. The human putative humanin peptide (MT-RNR2) (MT-RNR2) ELISA kits (CSB-EL015084HU) was used to assay humanin in human aging cohorts. Therefore for the validity and direct comparability of our results to our previous results and those previously published, the government requires this same kit to assay the levels of humanin. Period of Performance 12 months from the date of the award. Option Quantities N/A Shipping Instructions NIH/NIDA 251 Bayview Blvd STE 100 BRC Bldg. RM 06C232 Baltimore MD 21224 Delivery Within 2 weeks from receipt and acceptance of award. Payment Net 30 Statutory Authority: This notice is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial items using Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This acquisition will be made in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 “Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and solicitation for commercial Items,” as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation (a written solicitation will not be issued) and quotes are being requested. Closing Statement: Responses to this notice must include sufficient information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities of providing the product. The response shall include: the unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, delivery days after contract award, delivery terms, prompt payment discount terms, F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), product or catalog number(s); product description; and any other information or factors that may be considered in the award decision. The government intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order to the responsible contractor as a result of this RFQ that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. The award will be based on the following: brand name requirements salient characteristics, price, and delivery. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) (Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items (Please ensure FAR 52.209-2 -- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--Representation. (NOV 2015) is updated in your SAM record) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements – Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204–26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation(OCT 2020) FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal (AUG 1999) The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (JAN 2025) (see Attachement 2) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (DEC 2015) FAR 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation (www.sam.gov). Copies of the above-referenced provisions and clauses are available from http://www.acquisition.gov/far/loadmainre.html & http: //www.hhs.gov/regulation/index.html or, upon request, either by telephone or fax. All responses must be received by 05/02/2026 @ 4:00 PM EST and must reference announcement / solicitation number: 75N98026Q00243 with response submitted electronically to johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). All responsible sources may submit an offer that will be considered by this Agency.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: John Johnson
  - Email: johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov
  - Phone: 6673125580

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Purchase Description for additional details. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 325414– Biological Product (Except Diagnostic) Manufacturing. Line Items: Through this procurement NIA anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for a total of forty-nine (49) Human Putative humanin peptide(MT-RNR2) ELISA Kits. (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable) as described in Attachment 1 – Purchase Description Below is a table that contains the line item numbers and description of the brand name or equal requirement for the anticipated award. Line No. Description 1 Human Putative humanin peptide(MT-RNR2) ELISA. SIZE 96T. QTY of 49. Description Requirement: Humanin (MT-RNR2) is a small, mitochondria-derived peptide that has attracted significant scientific interest due to its cytoprotective and anti-apoptotic properties. Humanin has been associated with aging and age-related chronic diseases including type 2 diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases and cardiovascular disease. To gain insight into its role in these processes in human cohorts, we will quantitatively measure levels of circulating humanin using ELISA kits. We will measure human humanin from serum from HANDLS participants. Serum samples from HANDLS participants are precious and limited quantities are available. Therefore, only a limited amount (<50 ul) can be used for this ongoing longitudinal study. We previously measured humanin using an ELISA kit (POTS# 24-012790) in a pilot study of 176 HANDLS participants. The government requires additional kits to expand upon this initial pilot study and to support an ongoing longitudinal study. For continuity of research and comparability of results, we need to use the same kit (CSB-EL015084HU) to measure humanin in additional HANDLS participants Salient characteristics: Human Humanin ELISA kit o-ELISA technology -96 well format -one kit assays humanin in 96 samples (including standards) -measure humanin from human serum -sensitivity to measure humanin at <7 pg/ml -required volume of serum to be <50 ul -compatibility to read absorbance on a SpectraMax M2 Microplate Reader -for continuity of research we need to compare our new data to our previous results using the Human Putative humanin peptide (MT-RNR2) ELISA kits (CSB-EL015084HU). -for the validity of the scientific research, data generated will need to be directly compared to those previously published in human aging cohorts. The human putative humanin peptide (MT-RNR2) (MT-RNR2) ELISA kits (CSB-EL015084HU) was used to assay humanin in human aging cohorts. Therefore for the validity and direct comparability of our results to our previous results and those previously published, the government requires this same kit to assay the levels of humanin. Period of Performance 12 months from the date of the award. Option Quantities N/A Shipping Instructions NIH/NIDA 251 Bayview Blvd STE 100 BRC Bldg. RM 06C232 Baltimore MD 21224 Delivery Within 2 weeks from receipt and acceptance of award. Payment Net 30 Statutory Authority: This notice is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial items using Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This acquisition will be made in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 “Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and solicitation for commercial Items,” as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation (a written solicitation will not be issued) and quotes are being requested. Closing Statement: Responses to this notice must include sufficient information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities of providing the product. The response shall include: the unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, delivery days after contract award, delivery terms, prompt payment discount terms, F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), product or catalog number(s); product description; and any other information or factors that may be considered in the award decision. The government intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order to the responsible contractor as a result of this RFQ that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. The award will be based on the following: brand name requirements salient characteristics, price, and delivery. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) (Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items (Please ensure FAR 52.209-2 -- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--Representation. (NOV 2015) is updated in your SAM record) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements – Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204–26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation(OCT 2020) FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal (AUG 1999) The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (JAN 2025) (see Attachement 2) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (DEC 2015) FAR 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation (www.sam.gov). Copies of the above-referenced provisions and clauses are available from http://www.acquisition.gov/far/loadmainre.html & http: //www.hhs.gov/regulation/index.html or, upon request, either by telephone or fax. All responses must be received by 05/02/2026 @ 4:00 PM EST and must reference announcement / solicitation number: 75N98026Q00243 with response submitted electronically to johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). All responsible sources may submit an offer that will be considered by this Agency

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/746109f4d4524b669b25d6e8a3f35f84/view)