---
layout: default
title: Call When Needed Mobile Shower Facilities Units
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 629a9659b32143639b3014e9b9768175
---

# Call When Needed Mobile Shower Facilities Units

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 10:48:20.601-04
- Solicitation Number: 1202SC21Q2205

## Summary

***The closing date and time of this solicitation amendment (A11) is Wednesday, May 6, 2026 @ 5:00 PM MT / 4:00 PM PT*** *** Amendment 11 implements the CWNMSU BPA 2026 Annual Review. Updated from FAR to Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) FAR – included updated Terms & Conditions and the latest DOL Wage Determination.*** Previous amendment documents are rescinded, the only valid solicitation documents are these at A11 and any subsequent amandments. --------------------------- ***The closing date and time of this solicitation remains Monday, April 28, 2025 at 9:00 AM MST / 8:00 AM PST*** *** Amendment 10 provides the Government's Responses and Transcript to Questions/Discussions during the Pre-Solicitation Conference.*** --------------------------- *** Amendment 9 provides the Government's Responses to Questions Received prior to the Pre-Solicitation Conference – AND – provides 2025 CWNMSFU Annual Review Pre-Solicitation Confernece link.*** Previous amendment documents are rescinded, the only valid solicitation documents are those at A08 and subsequent amandments. --------------------------- ***The closing date and time of this solicitation is Monday, April 28, 2025 at 9:00 AM MST / 8:00 AM PST*** *** Amendment 8 implements the CWNMSU BPA 2025 Annual Review. Updated D.1.1(a)(6) to update availability reporting from email to IROC – AND – included updated Terms & Conditions and the latest DOL Wage Determination.*** Previous amendment documents are rescinded, the only valid solicitation documents are these at A08 and subsequent amandments. --------------------------- ***The closing date and time of this solicitation remain 05/07/2024 at 9:00 AM MT / 8:00 AM PT*** *** Amendment 7 provides answers to questions received during E.9 Pre-Bid/Pre-Quote Conference.*** --------------------------- ***The closing date and time of this solicitation is updated to 05/07/2024 at ***The closing date and time of this solicitation remain 05/07/2024 at 9:00 AM MT / 8:00 AM PT*** *** Amendment 6 provides the answer to a question received – AND – provides the E.9 Pre-Bid/Pre-Quote Conference date/time and link.*** --------------------------- ***The closing date and time of this solicitation is updated to 05/07/2024 at 9:00 AM MT / 8:00 AM PT*** *** Amendment 5 implements the CWNMSU BPA 2024 Annual Review. Updated B.3.1 to add “Unisex” & “Total” shower stall spaces, and “(# Sinks)” space and “(if applicable)” in reference the wash basin information as applicable (sinks might be part of unit and not separate trailer – a UIN would not be needed) – AND – included updated Terms & Conditions and the latest DOL Wage Determination.*** --------------------------- ***Amendment 4 incorporates the new wage determination and updates terms & conditions. See new attachments. The purpose of this Amendment is to conduct the annual review of previously established Blanket Purchase Agreements and to extend the solicitation allowing new companies to submit quotes. Amendments issued prior to amendment 4 are not required to be submitted. All questions and responses to this amendment must be sent to 2024_CW.awpzlweyduifb9pc@u.box.com *** --------------------------- ***Amendment 3 incorporates the new wage determination and removes the FAR Deviation incorporated in Amendment 2 closing date and time remains the same*** --------------------------- ***Amendment 2 incorporates FAR Deviation and extends closing date and time. See new attachments*** --------------------------- ***Amendment 1 changes minimum sink requirements and extends closing date and time. See new attachments*** The intent of this agreement is to provide the services of commercially available Call When Needed Mobile Shower Units (CWNMSU), on a nation-wide basis, for fire suppression activities and other types of incidents. The Contractors fixed-price rates shall include, but are not limited to, all labor, equipment, materials, State and Federal taxes, including workman’s compensation costs, insurance coverage, non-compensable transportation costs, overhead and profit. The Contractor is responsible for furnishing and managing all equipment, materials, supplies, transportation, lodging, and trained/certified personnel necessary to meet the agreement specifications as identified in Exhibit D.1. Pricing/Terms for subsequent years will be requested annually through an updated solicitation posted to www.sam.gov. The effective period of the resultant BPA(s) will be from date of award through April 30, 2031, with annual reviews happening around Jan-Feb of every year. This acquisition is being solicited as unrestricted and all companies may submit regardless of business size. However, preference for orders will be given first to small businesses. Offerors shall quote each CWNMSU as either a small or large capacity unit; however, they cannot offer the same unit as both a small and large unit. The quoted physical address offered will become the Designated Dispatch Point (DDP) for that location. The DDP will be the required physical location for the complete CWNMSU to be considered for an order. For example, Offeror A quotes to be located at 3833 S. Development Ave, Boise, ID 83705. If Offeror A is awarded an agreement, its DDP will be 3383 S. Development Ave, Boise, ID 83705 for the life of the agreement. The Contracting Officer must approve any DDP address changes by modification to the agreement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dana Price
  - Email: dana.price2@usda.gov
  - Phone: (202) 205-0913

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: .1. Pricing/Terms for subsequent years will be requested annually through an updated solicitation posted to www.sam.gov. The effective period of the resultant BPA(s) will be from date of award through April 30, 2031, with annual reviews happening around Jan-Feb of every year. This acquisition is being solicited as unrestricted and all companies may submit regardless of business size. However, preference for orders will be given first to small businesses. Offerors shall quote each CWNMSU as either a small or large capacity unit; however, they cannot offer the same unit as both a small and large unit. The quoted physical address offered will become the Designated Dispatch Point (DDP) for that location. The DDP will be the required physical location for the complete CWNMSU to be considered for an order. For example, Offeror A quotes to be located at 3833 S. Development Ave, Boise, ID 83705. If Offeror A is awarded an agreement, its DDP will be 3383 S. Development Ave, Boise, ID 83705 for the life of the agreement. The Contracting Officer must approve any DDP address changes by modification to the agreement

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/629a9659b32143639b3014e9b9768175/view)