---
layout: default
title: J041--Chiller 7 & Pumps Replacement RFQ
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 20e9141c00004843bf8391178bfda0e7
---

# J041--Chiller 7 & Pumps Replacement RFQ

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 16:13:30.42-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926Q0155
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A PRESOLICITATION NOTICE The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 9, located at Tennessee Valley Healthcare System (TVHS) VA Medical Center, 1310 24th Avenue South, Nashville, TN 37212, anticipates issuing a solicitation Request for Quotation (RFQ) on or about 03/12/2026 to request quotes for a firm fixed price open market SDVOSB Set Aside IAW VAAR 819.501-70(a)(3) beginning upon anticipated award date of 05/04/2026 through 10/31/2026 for Chiller 7 and Pumps Replacement . SET-ASIDE: 100% Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) NAICS Code: 238220 Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors SBA SIZE STANDARD: $19.0 Million PSC: J041 Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, and Air Circulating Equipment DESCRIPTION: This requirement is for the Tennessee Valley Healthcare Systems (TVHS) for the Nashville Veterans Affairs Medical Center. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: This Firm Fixed Price Open Market SDVOSB Set Aside will have a period of performance dates of 05/04/2026 through 10/31/2026. IMPORTANT NOTICE: VA NOTICE OF TOTAL SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (NOV 2020) (DEVIATION) (a) Definition. For the Department of Veterans Affairs, Service-disabled Veteran-owned small business concern or SDVOSB : (1) Means a small business concern (i) Not less than 51 percent of which is owned by one or more service-disabled Veterans or, in the case of any publicly owned business, not less than 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more service-disabled Veterans or eligible surviving spouses (see VAAR 802.201, Surviving Spouse definition); (ii) The management and daily business operations of which are controlled by one or more service-disabled Veterans (or eligible surviving spouses) or, in the case of a service-disabled Veteran with permanent and severe disability, the spouse or permanent caregiver of such Veteran; (iii) The business meets Federal small business size standards for the applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code identified in the solicitation document; (iv) The business has been verified for ownership and control pursuant to 38 CFR part 74 and is listed in VA s Vendor Information Pages (VIP) database; and (v) The business will comply with VAAR subpart 819.70 and Small Business Administration (SBA) regulations regarding small business size and government contracting programs at 13 CFR part 121 and 125, provided that any reference therein to a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern (SDVO SBC), is to be construed to apply to a VA verified and VIP-listed SDVOSB unless otherwise stated in this clause. (2) Service-disabled Veteran means a Veteran, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(2), with a disability that is service-connected, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(16). (3) The term small business concern has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (4) The term small business concern owned and controlled by Veterans with service-connected disabilities has the meaning given the term small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled Veterans under section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)), except that for a VA contract the firm must be listed in the VIP database (see paragraph (a)(1)(iv) above). (b) General. (1) Offers are solicited only from VIP-listed SDVOSBs. Offers received from entities that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs at the time of offer shall not be considered. (2) Any award resulting from this solicitation shall be made to a VIP-listed SDVOSB who is eligible at the time of submission of offer(s) and at the time of award. (3) The requirements in this clause apply to any contract, order or subcontract where the firm receives a benefit or preference from its designation as an SDVOSB, including set-asides, sole source awards, and evaluation preferences. (c) Representation. Pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8127(e), only VIP-listed SDVOSBs are considered eligible to receive award of a resulting contract. By submitting an offer, the prospective contractor represents that it is an eligible SDVOSB as defined in this clause, 38 CFR part 74, and VAAR subpart 819.70. (d) Agreement. When awarded a contract action, including orders under multiple award contracts, an SDVOSB agrees that in the performance of the contract, the SDVOSB shall comply with requirements in VAAR subpart 819.70 and SBA regulations on small business size and government contracting programs at 13 CFR part 121 and part 125, including the non-manufacturer rule and limitations on subcontracting requirements in 13 CFR 121.406(b) and 125.6. Unless otherwise stated in this clause, a requirement in 13 CFR part 121 and 125 that applies to an SDVO SBC, is to be construed to also apply to a VIP-listed SDVOSB. For the purpose of limitations on subcontracting, only VIP-listed SDVOSBs (including independent contractors) shall be considered eligible and/or similarly situated (i.e., a firm that has the same small business program status as the prime contractor). An otherwise eligible firm further agrees to the following: (1) Services. In the case of a contract for services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not VIP listed SDVOSBs. (v) The business will comply with VAAR subpart 819.70 and Small Business Administration (SBA) regulations regarding small business size and government contracting programs at 13 CFR part 121 and 125, provided that any reference therein to a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern (SDVO SBC), is to be construed to apply to a VA verified and VIP-listed SDVOSB unless otherwise stated in this clause. (2) Service-disabled Veteran means a Veteran, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(2), with a disability that is service-connected, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(16). (3) The term small business concern has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (4) The term small business concern owned and controlled by Veterans with service-connected disabilities has the meaning given the term small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled Veterans under section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)), except that for a VA contract the firm must be listed in the VIP database (see paragraph (a)(1)(iv) above). (b) General. (1) Offers are solicited only from VIP-listed SDVOSBs. Offers received from entities that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs at the time of offer shall not be considered. (2) Any award resulting from this solicitation shall be made to a VIP-listed SDVOSB who is eligible at the time of submission of offer(s) and at the time of award. (3) The requirements in this clause apply to any contract, order or subcontract where the firm receives a benefit or preference from its designation as an SDVOSB, including set-asides, sole source awards, and evaluation preferences. (c) Representation. Pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8127(e), only VIP-listed SDVOSBs are considered eligible to receive award of a resulting contract. By submitting an offer, the prospective contractor represents that it is an eligible SDVOSB as defined in this clause, 38 CFR part 74, and VAAR subpart 819.70. (d) Agreement. When awarded a contract action, including orders under multiple award contracts, an SDVOSB agrees that in the performance of the contract, the SDVOSB shall comply with requirements in VAAR subpart 819.70 and SBA regulations on small business size and government contracting programs at 13 CFR part 121 and part 125, including the non-manufacturer rule and limitations on subcontracting requirements in 13 CFR 121.406(b) and 125.6. Unless otherwise stated in this clause, a requirement in 13 CFR part 121 and 125 that applies to an SDVO SBC, is to be construed to also apply to a VIP-listed SDVOSB. For the purpose of limitations on subcontracting, only VIP-listed SDVOSBs (including independent contractors) shall be considered eligible and/or similarly situated (i.e., a firm that has the same small business program status as the prime contractor). An otherwise eligible firm further agrees to the following: (1) Services. In the case of a contract for services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not VIP listed SDVOSBs. Point of Contact: Kristie Collins, Contract Specialist see contact information on notice. END OF PRESOLICITATION NOTICE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kristie Collins
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Kristie.Collins@va.gov
  - Phone: 423-111-1111

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/20e9141c00004843bf8391178bfda0e7/view)