---
layout: default
title: High-Speed Arbitrary Waveform Generator
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d2128a1c7b734c5dbb66a3a49607bf8f
---

# High-Speed Arbitrary Waveform Generator

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 11:33:58.713-04
- Solicitation Number: NIST-SS26-CHIPS-112

## Summary

Notice ID Number NIST-SS26-CHIPS-112 Title: High-Speed Arbitrary Waveform Generator *****THIS IS A COMBINED SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE AND NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE***. BACKGROUND The semiconductor supply chain is global, specialized, and interconnected. Chipmakers do business with thousands of individual suppliers that provide the highly complex materials and tools used to produce semiconductors. To address the lack of full visibility into the semiconductors markets supply chain and R&D ecosystem gaps NIST will conduct the measurement science, or metrology, critical to the development of new materials, packaging, and production methods in chip manufacturing.? Digital twin models of semiconductor process have been identified as an important tool to advance chip manufacturing. However, the development of such models is hindered by the lack of suitable experimental data with which to validate the models. The goal of this project is to generate these data. To obtain these data, detailed spectroscopy measurements will be performed on atomic layer deposition precursors and byproducts. This spectroscopy will be performed by electro-optic modulator optical frequency combs. This measurement technique requires generating optical frequency combs derived from frequency-chirped waveforms. PML/684.07 would like to purchase a high-speed arbitrary waveform generator to produce these waveforms. NIST is seeking information from sources that may be capable of providing a solution that will achieve the objectives described above, in addition to the following essential requirements Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) 0001: The Contractor shall provide one (1) High-speed arbitrary waveform generator The system shall meet or exceed the technical specifications identified below. All items must be new. Used or remanufactured equipment will not be considered for award. Experimental, prototype, or custom items will not be considered. The use of “gray market” components not authorized for sale in the U.S. by the Contractor is not acceptable. Description: High-speed arbitrary waveform generator Quantity: 1 Technical Specifications Max sampling rate: ? 8 GSamples/s (single-channel operation) Digitization bits: ? 16 Analog Bandwidth: ?

3.75 GHz Number of Analog Output Channels: ? 2 Maximum output amplitude: ? 1 V (peak-peak, single-ended output, into a 50 ohm load) Onboard memory: ? 10 MSamples Input for external reference clock at 10 MHz: included Form factor: Benchtop NIST conducted market research from October 2025 – March 2026 by, speaking with colleagues, performing internet searches, and speaking with vendors to determine what sources could meet NIST’s minimum requirements. The results of that market research revealed that only Spectrum Instrumentation (EL1VVHTG4E57) can meet all the Governments’ minimum requirements. HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS NOTICE In responding to this notice, please DO NOT PROVIDE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Please include only the following information, readable in either Microsoft Word 365, Microsoft Excel 365, or .pdf format, in the response: Submit the response by email to the Primary Point of Contact and, if specified, to the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice as soon as possible, and preferably before the closing date and time of this notice. Please note that to be considered for award under any official solicitation, the entity must be registered and “active” in SAM at the time of solicitation response. Provide the complete name of your company, address, name of contact for follow-up questions, their email, their phone number and, if your company has an active registration in https://sam.gov, your company’s Unique Entity ID (UEI). Details about what your company is capable of providing that meets or exceeds NIST’s minimum requirements. Whether your company is an authorized reseller of the product or service being cited and evidence of such authorization. Identify any aspects of the description of the requirements in the BACKGROUND section above that could be viewed as unduly restrictive or create unnecessary barriers that adversely affect your firm’s ability to fully participate in a procurement for such services and explain why. Please offer suggestions for how the requirements could be organized or structured to encourage the participation of small businesses. For the NAICS code Indicate whether your company is (a) a small business or (b) other than small business. See the Table of Small Business Size Standards and the associated .pdf download file for small business size standards and additional information. If you believe the NAICS code listed in this notice is not the best NAICS code for the type of product addressed in this notice, identify an alternative NAICS code that you believe would be more appropriate for the planned procurement. If your firm has existing Federal Supply Schedule contract(s) or other contracts for products or services against which the Department may be able to place orders, identify the contract number(s) and other relevant information. Describe your firm’s experience (as a prime, subcontractor, or consultant) providing the products or services described in Background section. Provide any other information that you believe would be valuable for the Government to know as part of its market research for this requirement. Please let us know if you would like to engage to get a better understanding of the requirement or need additional information about the Government’s requirement for the products or services described in the Background section. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE Questions regarding this notice may be submitted via email to the Primary Point of Contact and the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice. Questions should be submitted so that they are received within 3 days of this notice. If the Contracting Officer determines that providing a written amendment to this notice to document question(s) received would benefit other potential respondents, the questions would be anonymized, and a written response to such question(s) would be provided via an amendment to this notice. IMPORTANT NOTES The information received in response to this notice will be reviewed and considered so that the NIST may appropriately solicit for its requirements in the near future. This notice should not be construed as a commitment by the NIST to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. This notice is not a request for a quotation. Responses will not be considered as proposals or quotations. No award will be made as a result of this notice. NIST is not responsible for any costs incurred by the respondents to this notice. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s capability. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. Thank you for taking the time to submit a response to this request.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Junee Johnson
  - Email: junee.johnson@nist.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d2128a1c7b734c5dbb66a3a49607bf8f/view)