---
layout: default
title: 7240--NX EQ Housekeeping Carts (VA-26-00014798)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c7353b5999e749e0b157a2af1fb489d4
---

# 7240--NX EQ Housekeeping Carts (VA-26-00014798)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 13:07:03.358-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0102
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Solicitation Number:Â Â 36C10X26Q0102Â Â Notice Type:Â Â Combined Synopsis/SolicitationÂ Â This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for brand name, or equal commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued.Â Solicitation number 36C10X26Q0102 is issued for this combined synopsis/solicitation; this solicitation is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This combined synopsis/solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01, dated 13 March 2026.Â Requirement Description:Â VA has a requirement to purchase Housekeeping Carts to deliver patient care to its VA Medical Centers around the country. Housekeeping Carts are cleaning carts and caddies that are perfect for organizing and transporting janitorial supplies, such as cleaning chemicals, garbage bags, and scrub brushes. Some of these carts feature specialty attachments, like mop buckets, recycling bags, or even bags for laundry. A single award Requirements contract will be awarded as a Brand Name or Equal in accordance with all terms, conditions, provisions, specifications, and schedule of this solicitation herein. Quotes shall contain the terms for cost/price and technical capabilities of the brand name or equal equipment. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions.Â Â The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 325998 All Other Miscellaneous Chemical Product and Preparation Manufacturing, Product Service Code: 7240 Household and Commercial Utility Containers. This procurement action is unrestricted Full and Open.Â This acquisition is for a single award Requirements contract in accordance with FAR Part 16.5 for RubbermaidÂ® brand name or equal Housekeeping Carts as identified in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ HOUSEKEEPING CARTS. All interested companies shall provide a QUOTE for all Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) listed in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ HOUSEKEEPING CARTS. The ordering period is for one 12-month base year with four 12-month option years. Delivery is a FOB destination. Firm-Fixed Price Orders will be placed against this contract in writing and will provide the delivery locations, delivery dates and exact quantities.Â Â The FAR provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial, applies to this acquisition including attached addenda to the provision.Â The FAR provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, and the specific evaluation criteria as attached addenda also applies to this acquisition.Â Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause.Â Addendum is attached.Â All interested quoters must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting a quote. You may access SAM atÂ https://sam.gov/SAM/.Â Questions regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation are due via email by 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on April 07, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov No calls will be accepted. Quotes are due via email by 10:00 AM EST on April 14, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov SCOPE OF WORKÂ Â Â The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award.Â Â Housekeeping Carts are cleaning carts and caddies that are perfect for organizing and transporting janitorial supplies, such as cleaning chemicals, garbage bags, and scrub brushes. Some of these carts feature specialty attachments, like mop buckets, recycling bags, or even bags for laundry. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The objective is to provide Housekeeping Carts to be used by VHA clinicians throughout the United States and its territories. The period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods.Â 2. REQUIREMENTÂ This requirement will be, Brand Name or Equal which requires the offeror indicate that each product being offered as an equal product to RubbermaidÂ® or equal, Housekeeping Carts. For each equal product, the offeror must include a description reflecting the salient characteristics (SC) and level of quality that will satisfy the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics of the equal product(s) specified in the solicitation. The offeror must also clearly identify the item by brand name (if any) and make/model number. Finally, the offeror must include descriptive literature, such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer (CO) and clearly describe any modifications it plans to make to a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements.Â The following line-items comprise the Housekeeping Carts product line: Contract Line-Item Number Brand Part Number Description 0001 RubbermaidÂ® FG9T7500BLA JCAHO Compliant Heavy-duty cleaning cart with enhanced storage capacity, lockable compartments, and ergonomic handles. Built for efficient cleaning and waste management in demanding commercial and institutional environments. 0002 RubbermaidÂ® FG9T7800BLK Rubbermaid Commercial High-Security Housekeeping Cart, Plastic, 3 Shelves, 2 Bins, 22" x 51.75" x 53.5", Black/Silver (9T78) 0003 RubbermaidÂ® 1861430 Sleek, durable cleaning cart with enclosed compartments, locking doors, and multiple storage areas for efficient cleaning. Designed for discreet use in hospitality, healthcare, and commercial environments. 0004 RubbermaidÂ® FG9T7300BLA Durable and versatile cleaning cart designed for efficient waste and supply management. Features multiple storage compartments, lockable cabinet, and tool holders for organized cleaning on the go. Ideal for healthcare, commercial, and institutional settings. 0005 RubbermaidÂ® FG617388BLA Compact and durable housekeeping cart with spacious shelves and a vinyl bag for efficient cleaning and linen transport. Ideal for hotels, resorts, and healthcare facilities. 0006 RubbermaidÂ® FGQ95088YEL Charging bucket - 8-4/5 gal. holds 15-20 wet pads, enough for one housekeeper for one shift. Use just the right amount of solution by following the molded-in filling guide. Bottom grates prevent over-saturation of pads. Lid locks to prevent leakage 0007 RubbermaidÂ® FGQ90088YEL Mop Bucket and Wringer, Wringer Type Down Press, Capacity 10 3/4-gal, Bucket Material Plastic, Anti-Spill Yes, Includes Bottom Drain Yes, Bucket Color Yellow, Includes Casters Yes, Wringer Material Plastic, Antimicrobial Yes 0008 RubbermaidÂ® 1966719 Replacement bags are designed for secure attachment to a janitorial or housekeeping cart. These heavy-duty bags can hold waste or linens for laundering. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide RubbermaidÂ® brand name or equal to Housekeeping Carts as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics (SCs) below. The Government intends for offerors to include all ancillary items, to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and as clinically required. Products quoted in the technical volume must be captured on the Vendor s pricing volume (Attachment A - Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Additionally, responses can include any additional product and other product-related services necessary to obtain the supplies as required that may be beneficial and essential to the functionality of the proposed solution. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. When offerors include their additional proposed product items/services, these items may be considered for evaluation and must be captured in the vendor s pricing volume with an estimated quantity of zero. SC # Salient Characteristics Method of Evaluation Applicable CLINs Page # Where SC is Found in Technical Literature SC 1 Able to carry a range of cleaning supplies or tools/accessories (minimum of 3) Literature Review 0001, 0005. SC2 Has the ability to add an Impact-Absorbing Bumpers Literature Review 0001, 0005 SC3 Have shelves (more than 1) Literature Review 0001, 0005 SC4 Impact-Absorbing Bumpers Literature Review 0001, 0005 SC5 Has the ability to add a locking door Literature Review 0001, 0005 SC6 Must work with Microfiber mop pads and cleaning chemicals only Literature Review 0006, 0007 The following attachments are incorporated by reference. All criteria outlined in the attachments are applicable to this combined synopsis/solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jalima J. Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jalima.Jones@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ HOUSEKEEPING CARTS. All interested companies shall provide a QUOTE for all Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) listed in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ HOUSEKEEPING CARTS. The ordering period is for one 12-month base year with four 12-month option years. Delivery is a FOB destination. Firm-Fixed Price Orders will be placed against this contract in writing and will provide the delivery locations, delivery dates and exact quantities.Â Â The FAR provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial, applies to this acquisition including attached addenda to the provision.Â The FAR provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, and the specific evaluation criteria as attached addenda also applies to this acquisition.Â Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause.Â Addendum is attached.Â All interested quoters must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting a quote. You may access SAM atÂ https://sam.gov/SAM/.Â Questions regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation are due via email by 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on April 07, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov No calls will be accepted. Quotes are due via email by 10:00 AM EST on April 14, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov SCOPE OF WORKÂ Â Â The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award.Â Â Housekeeping Carts are cleaning carts and caddies that are perfect for organizing and transporting janitorial supplies, such as cleaning chemicals, garbage bags, and scrub brushes. Some of these carts feature specialty attachments, like mop buckets, recycling bags, or even bags for laundry. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The objective is to provide Housekeeping Carts to be used by VHA clinicians throughout the United States and its territories. The period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods.Â 2. REQUIREMENTÂ This requirement will be, Brand Name or Equal which requires the offeror indicate that each product being offered as an equal product to RubbermaidÂ® or equal, Housekeeping Carts. For each equal product, the offeror must include a description reflecting the salient characteristics (SC) and level of quality that will satisfy the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics of the equal product(s) specified in the solicitation. The offeror must also clearly identify the item by brand name (if any) and make/model number. Finally, the offeror must include descriptive literature, such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer (CO) and clearly describe any modifications it plans to make to a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements.Â The following line-items comprise the Housekeeping Carts product line: Contract Line-Item Number Brand Part Number Description 0001 RubbermaidÂ® FG9T7500BLA JCAHO Compliant Heavy-duty cleaning cart with enhanced storage capacity, lockable compartments, and ergonomic handles. Built for efficient cleaning and waste management in demanding commercial and institutional environments. 0002 RubbermaidÂ® FG9T7800BLK Rubbermaid Commercial High-Security Housekeeping Cart, Plastic, 3 Shelves, 2 Bins, 22" x 51.75" x 53.5", Black/Silver (9T78) 0003 RubbermaidÂ® 1861430 Sleek, durable cleaning cart with enclosed compartments, locking doors, and multiple storage areas for efficient cleaning. Designed for discreet use in hospitality, healthcare, and commercial environments. 0004 RubbermaidÂ® FG9T7300BLA Durable and versatile cleaning cart designed for efficient waste and supply management. Features multiple storage compartments, lockable cabinet, and tool holders for organized cleaning on the go. Ideal for healthcare, commercial, and institutional settings. 0005 RubbermaidÂ® FG617388BLA Compact and durable housekeeping cart with spacious shelves and a vinyl bag for efficient cleaning and linen transport. Ideal for hotels, resorts, and healthcare facilities. 0006 RubbermaidÂ® FGQ95088YEL Charging bucket - 8-4/5 gal. holds 15-20 wet pads, enough for one housekeeper for one shift. Use just the right amount of solution by following the molded-in filling guide. Bottom grates prevent over-saturation of pads. Lid locks to prevent leakage 0007 RubbermaidÂ® FGQ90088YEL Mop Bucket and Wringer, Wringer Type Down Press, Capacity 10 3/4-gal, Bucket Material Plastic, Anti-Spill Yes, Includes Bottom Drain Yes, Bucket Color Yellow, Includes Casters Yes, Wringer Material Plastic, Antimicrobial Yes 0008 RubbermaidÂ® 1966719 Replacement bags are designed for secure attachment to a janitorial or housekeeping cart. These heavy-duty bags can hold waste or linens for laundering. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide RubbermaidÂ® brand name or equal to Housekeeping Carts as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics (SCs) below. The Government intends for offerors to include all ancillary items, to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and as clinically required. Products quoted in the technical volume must be captured on the Vendor s pricing volume (Attachment A - Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Additionally, responses can include any additional product and other product-related services necessary to obtain the supplies as required that may be beneficial and essential to the functionality of the proposed solution. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. When offerors include their additional proposed product items/services, these items may be considered for evaluation and must be captured in the vendor s pricing volume with an estimated quantity of zero. SC # Salient Characteristics Method of Evaluation Applicable CLINs Page # Where SC is Found in Technical Literature SC 1 Able to carry a range of cleaning supplies or tools/accessories (minimum of 3) Literature Review 0001, 0005. SC2 Has the ability to add an Impact-Absorbing Bumpers Literature Review 0001, 0005 SC3 Have shelves (more than 1) Literature Review 0001, 0005 SC4 Impact-Absorbing Bumpers Literature Review 0001, 0005 SC5 Has the ability to add a locking door Literature Review 0001, 0005 SC6 Must work with Microfiber mop pads and cleaning chemicals only Literature Review 0006, 0007 The following attachments are incorporated by reference. All criteria outlined in the attachments are applicable to this combined synopsis/solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c7353b5999e749e0b157a2af1fb489d4/view)