---
layout: default
title: P-8A Poseidon Manufacturing and Prototyping Support at Cecil Field, Jacksonville Florida
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d35f6bcc6e17408b92646d336afcf32b
---

# P-8A Poseidon Manufacturing and Prototyping Support at Cecil Field, Jacksonville Florida

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 15:19:37.186-04
- Solicitation Number: N00019-27-RFPREQ-APM290-0039

## Summary

P-8A Poseidon Manufacturing and Prototyping Support at Cecil Field, Jacksonville Florida Product Service Code (PSC): 1680 - Miscellaneous Aircraft Accessories and Components NAICS Code: 336413 – Other Aircraft Parts and Auxiliary Equipment Manufacturing Solicitation Number: N00019-27-RFPREQ-APM290-0039 NOTICE INFORMATION Agency/Office: Naval Air Systems Command Title: P-8A Poseidon Manufacturing and Prototyping Support at Cecil Field, Jacksonville Florida INTRODUCTION This sources sought is being used as a market research tool pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Part 10 to identify potential sources and their technical capabilities. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of acquisition and issuance of a solicitation. The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) at Patuxent River, MD has a requirement to procure products and services associated with manufacturing, assembly and integration of mission-ready prototype kits, specialized mission equipment racks, and other emergent structural and electrical manufacturing needs at Cecil Field, Jacksonville, FL. Estimated RFP release: 3rd Quarter FY26 Estimated Award: 1st Quarter FY27 Period of Performance: Base ordering period of 12 months and four option periods of 12 months each DISCLAIMER THIS NOTICE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATIN TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS NOTICE. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS NOTICE. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS NOTICE IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. PROGRAM BACKGROUND The U.S. Navy's Maritime Patrol and Reconnaissance Aircraft (MPRA) fleet consists of land-based, fixed-wing aircraft, including the P-8A Poseidon. The P-8A, a derivative of the commercial Boeing 737-800, has replaced the decommissioned P-3C Orion and requires ongoing design updates to support its maritime patrol mission. These tactical airborne platforms fulfill critical roles in the U.S. Navy’s global wartime and peacekeeping operations. Their primary missions include anti-submarine warfare (ASW), anti-surface warfare (ASuW), and intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR). Additional roles encompass command, control, communications, computers, and intelligence (C4I); third-party and over-the-horizon (OTH) targeting; battle damage assessment (BDA); and communications/data link relay. PMA-290 also ensures warfighter readiness through aircrew and maintenance training devices. NAVAIR Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) website https://www.navair.navy.mil/foia/. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE NAVAIR intends to award a cost-plus fixed fee, contract. REQUIREMENTS The contractor must possess a comprehensive range of capabilities to support manufacturing, integration, and prototyping efforts, with the ability to respond to same-day emergent needs at Cecil Field in Jacksonville, Florida. The contractor must be equipped with Computer Numerical Control (CNC) programming, structural fabrication, structural assembly/integration, and rapid prototyping capabilities. The contractor must possess the capability to perform cable and harness fabrication, including the termination of unique connectors for various types of cables including Multiconductor Transmission Line (MTL), Twisted Pair (TV), Precision High Density (PHD), Quadruple Axial Cable (Quadrax), Twin Axial Cable (Twinax), and Coaxial Cable (Coax). The contractor must also provide wiring and electrical integration, rack assembly and integration, and Modification (MOD) installation support, with tool control, Quality Assurance (QA) programs, and Foreign Object Debris (FOD) control for MOD efforts. Fiber optic manufacturing capabilities must include single-mode, multi-mode, and multi-channel fiber production, as well as fiber optic repair and testing both at the contractor’s facility and Cecil Field. Additional capabilities required must include wire marking, braiding, welding, and waterjet manufacturing. The contractor must support advanced processes including alodine, priming, painting, Ion Vapor Deposition (IVD) coating, passivation, shot peening, anodizing, on-site heat treatment, Oxygen line cleaning, and certified clean room operations. The contractor must also offer silkscreening, 3D modeling and printing, and the production of labels, idents, and decals. Inspection and testing capabilities must include Coordinate Measuring Machine (CMM) testing, electrical bonding testing, cable continuity checkouts, and on-site tool calibration, with mobile calibration capabilities available. The contractor must provide local weekly delivery and pickup in Jacksonville, FL (JAX) for parts and Government Furnished Equipment (GFE). The contractor must be AS9100 Rev D-certified (Aerospace Quality Management System Certification) and employ or have the ability to employ personnel cleared at the secret-level for rapid, on-aircraft tasking. The contractor must offer program management, logistics, and QA on-site to support and report manufacturing status. The contractor's proximity to Cecil Field (JAX) must enable hands-on collaboration and fit-check verification with the Special Missions Fleet Support Team (FST) engineers for emerging prototypes and design changes, while also ensuring the ability to respond to same-day emergent needs. Additionally, the contractor's facility must provide on-site inspection and Government Physical Configuration Audits (PCAs) for completed parts prior to delivery to the Government. The contractor must have company vehicles for pickup, drop-off, and transporting deliveries to/from Cecil Field (JAX) for aircraft kit and GFE transportation at a moment’s notice. ELIGIBILITY The PSC for this requirement is 1680; the NAICS is 336413. SUBMISSION DETAILS Interested persons may submit a Capability Statement identifying their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. Only Capability Statements received on or before 15 calendar days after the posting date of this Notice will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this Notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Capability Statements received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Capability Statements submitted should be pertinent and specific in the technical/management/business area under consideration, on each of the following qualifications. Small/Large Business Status: A company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office location(s), DUNS Number, CAGE Code, and a statement regarding current small/large business status. Execution: A description of the technical approach for meeting schedule and performance requirements of the contemplated procurement. If a small business, provide a description of the plan for ensuring that the small business performs at least 50% of the work itself in terms of cost of performance. Experience: A description of previous (awarded within last 3 years) or current relevant contracts. Personnel: Name, professional qualifications and specific experience of key personnel (e.g., program manager(s), project manager(s), technical lead(s), etc. Facilities: Availability and description of facilities and equipment that will be utilized to meet requirements. Security: A description of facility and personnel security regarding the handling and storage of classified information and hardware. Any other specific and pertinent information as pertains to this particular area of procurement that would enhance our consideration and evaluation of the Capability Statement. Responses to this RFI are not to exceed 20 pages in length on 8.5 x 11 paper with one-inch margins and font no smaller than 10-point Times New Roman. A two-sided page will be considered one page for the purpose of counting the 20-page limit. Responses may include multiple concepts. The Government requests that the respondents deliver responses electronically via e-mail in Microsoft Work or PDF format with proper markings for unclassified and propriety information within 15 days of the publication date of this RFI. Classified material SHALL NOT be submitted. All submissions should include RFI Reference Number, company name, company address, CAGE code, DUNS number, and a point-of-contract who is able to discuss the material submitted. Point-of-contract information shall include name, position, phone number, and e-mail address. Acknowledgement of receipt will be provided. All information submitted will be adequately safeguarded from unauthorized disclosure in accordance with FAR Part 15.207. All submissions shall be clearly marked with the following caption: For Official Use Only, Releasable to Government Agencies for Evaluation Purposes Only. Responses that fail to comply with the above instructions or present ideas not pertinent to subject, may not be reviewed. All information received in response to this RFI is submitted at no cost to the Government and will not be returned. The Government is under no obligation to provide responses or comments to the capability statement packages but may request additional information following review. Note: If the interested party is a foreign concern or if a US interested party has a team member or partner who is a foreign entity, adherence to all International Traffic and Arms Regulations (ITAR) is required. This capability statement package shall be sent by e-mail to Samantha Ragan at samantha.j.ragan.civ@us.navy.mil and Ronald Hickman at ronald.a.hickman.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha Ragan
  - Email: samantha.j.ragan.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ronald A Hickman
  - Email: ronald.a.hickman.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d35f6bcc6e17408b92646d336afcf32b/view)