---
layout: default
title: 59--SEAL, WAVEGUIDE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: f97549e3b20a46948f2843628eaccdd7
---

# 59--SEAL, WAVEGUIDE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 04:07:37.341-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010425QND46

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|Ryan Powell N744.3|WVM|N/A|ryan.m.powell22.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specifications Section C and Section E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8||x||x||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; COMBO - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material |N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|Check Purchase Requisition for Ship To |TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|See form DD1423|| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery|One year from date of delivery||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2|x|| NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers in accordance with FAR 13.106(a)(2) and DFARS 252.213-7000. ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS REMAIN THE SAME. \ 1.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2. Portsmouth NSY's DODAAC has changed from N00102 to N50286. Any reference toN00102 within this order should be updated to N50286. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed here in. 4. The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of Certification Data CDRLs will be on or before 20 days prior to scheduled delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of Certification CDRLs 30 working days after receipt of Certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before 365 days after effective date of the resulting contract. 5. Only those sources with an acceptable Quality Control Manual are eligible for award under this solicitation. Offerors are cautioned that this procurement will not be delayed solely for the purpose of approving additional sources. 6. Any contract awarded because of this solicitation will be a DX rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 7. NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers in accordance with FAR 13.106(a)(2) and DFARS 252.213-7000. 8.If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page on Contracts Opportunities on the Government's SAM.gov website. After requesting access, send an email to the Primary POC listed on the solicitation. \ Amendment is hereby to re-open SOL as no offers were received. The closing date is now 07 OCT 2025. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. \ 1.This requirement is pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). 2.The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3.All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 4.If requirement will be packaged at a location different from the offeror's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 5.Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DX certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 6.If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page under Contract Opportunities on SAM.gov website. After requesting access, send an email to the POC listed on the solicitation. 7.NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers IAW FAR 13.106(a)(2). 8.Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2.3 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0001 | -|49998|0037375 DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0002 | -|49998|0051439 DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0003 | -|49998|0040698 DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0004 | -|49998|0015223 DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0005 | -|49998|0016027 DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0006 | -|49998|0044806 DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0007 | -|49998|0039170 DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0008 | -|49998|0018641 DRAWING DATA=SK718 |53711| -| |D|0009 | -|49998|0019086 DRAWING DATA=6640200 |53711| D| |D|0001 | D|49998|0235154 DRAWING DATA=6640200 |53711| D| |D|0002 | D|49998|0153728 DRAWING DATA=6640200 |53711| D| |D|0003 | D|49998|0089483 DRAWING DATA=6640200 |53711| D| |D|0004 | D|49998|0051748 DRAWING DATA=6640200 |53711| D| |D|0005 | D|49998|0031216 DRAWING DATA=6640201 |53711| E| |D|0001 | E|49998|0079156 DRAWING DATA=6640201 |53711| E| |D|0002 | E|49998|0046124 DRAWING DATA=6640201 |53711| E| |D|0003 | E|49998|0040459 DRAWING DATA=6640201 |53711| E| |D|0004 | E|49998|0030707 DRAWING DATA=6640201 |53711| E| |D|0005 | E|49998|0034512 DRAWING DATA=6640201 |53711| E| |D|0006 | E|49998|0030884 DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B301 | | | |131001|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A574 | | | |211201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-F606 | | | |191115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2132 | | |D |080310|F| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D4976 | | |A |120801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=A-A-59004 | | |B |081118|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;The complete AN/BPS-15 radar Waveguide Pressure Window Assembly must be in accordance with Naval Sea Systems Command Drawing 6640200 and drawing 6640201, Item 34, consisting of Items 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 23, 29, 30, 32 and 33, except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.1.1 ;The radius of .817 - .821 shown in View D-18 of drawing 6640201 is in error. The six countersunk holes and two #0-80 tapped holes are on the same diameter bolt center of 2.311, as depicted in Section View B-18.; 3.2 ;Item 32 of drawing 6640201 shall be NIIN 002917384, MS29513-133 or equivalent. ; 3.3 ;Note 8.(4) on sheet 1 of 6 of Drawing 408-6640201 does not apply. ; 3.4 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Window Support Base, Item 1; Window Ring, Item 2; and Window Hold Down Ring, Item 3 on Drawing 6640201.; Material - ;ASTM-B301, UNS Alloy C14500, Half Hard and must meet the following mechanical properties: (A) Ultimate Tensile Stress: 38,000 PSI Minimum (B) Yield Stress: 31,000 PSI Minimum (C) Modulus of Elasticity: 15,000,000 PSI Minimum Notes 10 and 11 on Drawing 408-6640201 do not apply.; Part - ;Window, item 4 on Drawing 6640201; Material - ;(Mechanicals only) High Density Polyethylene (HDPE) per ASTM D4976 Group 2, Class 3 or 4, Grades 1-5 and must meet the Mechanical Properties cited on Note 12 on drawing 6440201; Part - ;Socket Head Cap Screw, Item 29 on Drawing 6640201; Material - ;MIL-DTL-1222, QQ-N-286, Annealed and Age Hardened; 3.5 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - Non-Destructive Tests Item - ;Weld Repair and/or Production Weld (as applicable); Performance - Per applicable fabrication specification Acceptance - Per applicable fabrication specification Test - Ultrasonic Inspection on Starting Material Item - ;All Items requiring certification made from QQ-N-286 with a diameter or minimumdistance between parallel surfaces of 4 inches or greater of the starting material, or when required by a drawing or specification invoked elsewhere in this contract.; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 or MIL-STD-2132, and QQ-N-286 Acceptance - QQ-N-286 Test - ;Waveguide Pressure Window Assembly Acceptance Test; Item - ;Each Waveguide Presure Window Assembly; Performance - ;Note 1 on Sheet 6 of drawing 6640201; Acceptance - ;Note 2 on Sheet 6 of drawing 6640201; Test - ;Liquid Penetrant Inspection; Item - ;Socket Head Cap Screw, Item 29 on drawing 6640201; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271; Sampling must be per MIL-DTL-1222 Acceptance - MIL-DTL-1222 Attribute - Annealing and Age Hardening Item - ;Socket Head Cap Screw, item 29 on Drawing 6640201; Performance - QQ-N-286 3.6 The pressure tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For pressure tests below 100 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +1 PSIG / -0 PSIG. For pressure tests at or above 100 PSIG up to and including 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 50 PSIG. For pressure tests above 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG, rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 200 PSIG. The pressure test time tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure test time tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For a test duration up to and including 1 hour, the tolerance must be +5 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 1 hour up to and including 24 hours, the tolerance must be +30 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 24 hours, the tolerance must be +60 minutes / - 0 minutes. 3.7 O-ring grooves and mating sealing surfaces must be inspected per the contractually invoked drawings or specifications. When the drawings or specifications do not provide specific defect criteria or state that no defects are allowed, the General Acceptance Criteria (GAC) standard must be used for inspecting O-ring grooves and mating sealing surfaces only. Repairs to sealing surfaces and O-ring grooves with unacceptable defects may be accomplished within the limits of the size and tolerances provided in the applicable drawing. Repairs thatwould exceed these limits require approval (including final dimensions). The data that is red lined (crossed out) is excluded from the GAC for this contract and is not to be used for acceptance or rejection criteria. The GAC document is identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD008 at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 3.8 Thread Forming - The following provides the official interpretation of paragraph 4.5.2.7 of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.8.1 In order to qualify for "Alternate Mechanical Testing" found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and utilize the mechanical properties for the starting bar stock in lieu of performing yield strength or proof stress testing on finished fasteners, all of the subsequent provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraphs 4.5.2.7 a through e must be met. If any single provision is not met, all required mechanical testing must be performed on the finished full sized fasteners. These provisions are explained as follows: a. Proper product lot control and traceability must be in place. b. No heat treatment (including hot heading and hot forming), cold forming, drawing, rolling and thread rolling may be performed on the starting bar, fastener blanks or finished fasteners after the completion of the mechanical testing on the starting bar. c. and d. The proper size starting bar must be selected to ensure mechanical properties of finished fasteners are represented by the mechanical properties of the starting bar. e. The mandatory testing, axial tensile (studs) and wedge tensile (screws and bolts) must be performed on full sized fasteners. Note that there is a typographical error in paragraph 4.5.2.7 and that the axial load test is a mandatory test that must be performed on studs as required in paragraph 4.5.2.7.e. 3.8.2 Thread rolling is a cold working process and is not considered to be a machining or grinding operation. Therefore, fasteners which have rolled threads do not satisfy the provisions of MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7.b and are not eligible for the "Alternate Mechanical Testing" provision. 3.8.3 Thread rolling alone is not a sufficient cold working process to qualify a fastener to be in the cold worked (CW) condition. This condition is only applicable to some 300 series stainless steel studs, screws and nuts. These CW condition fasteners must be manufactured from cold worked bar stock or be cold headed in order to qualify. The threads may subsequently be rolled, machined or ground. Testing of the finished fasteners and/or reporting of the starting bar stock material properties is subject to the same provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and discussed above. 3.9 K-MONEL Fasteners - Material must be heat treated per QQ-N-286. 3.9.1 Fasteners that have been hot or cold headed or roll threaded must be solution annealed followed by age hardening subsequent to all heading and thread rolling operations. The mechanical properties on certifications must be actual properties of the annealed and age hardened material and must meet the requirements of QQ-N-286. 3.9.2 QQ-N-286 fasteners that have been headed and/or roll threaded must not beage hardened unless the material has been solution annealed subsequent to the heading and threading operations. Threads formed after the final age hardening heat treatment must be cut or ground only. 3.10 K-MONEL Fasteners - K-MONEL externally threaded fasteners must have mechanical properties determined in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222. Test results must include Tensile, Yield, Elongation and Hardness as required by MIL-DTL-1222. (The Hardness tests must be performed on a full size fastener.) 3.10.1 Studs require an Axial Tensile test in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222. 3.10.2 Headed fasteners require a Wedge Tensile test as specified elsewhere in this contract/purchase order. 3.11 Thread Inspection Requirements - All threads on threaded parts must be inspected using appropriate inspection methods, inspection systems, and inspection gages/instruments in accordance with FED-STD-H28 series. Substitution of thecommercial equivalent inspection in accordance with ASME B1 series is acceptable. 3.11.1 System 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used as a minimum inspection requirement for threads when the design drawing or design specification does not specify an inspection requirement. 3.11.2 For Navy and Shipyard drawings, system 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 may be substituted for System 22 without further Navy approval when the design drawing invokes System 22 and does not cite governing specifications that specifically require system 22. System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used when the drawing references other governing specifications that specifically require System 22, such as certain thread types of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.11.3 A written request for concurrence must be submitted when utilizing alternative measuring equipment or measuring systems not applicable to the specified inspection system. 3.12 Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test Laboratories - The Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test of QQ-N-286 must be performed by one of the following laboratories: Huntington Alloys, a Special Metals Company Attn: Bill Bolenr 3200 Riverside Drive Huntington, WV 257059 Phone: (304) 526-5889 FAX: (304) 526-5973 Metallurgical Consultants, Inc. Attn: W. M. Buehler 4820 Caroline PO Box 88046 Houston, TX 77288-0046 Phone: (713) 526-6351 FAX: (713) 526-2964 Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division Attn: Eric Focht Code 614 9500 Macarthur Blvd West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700 Phone: (301) 227-5032 FAX: (301) 227-5576 Teledyne Allvac Attn: Dr. W. D. Cao 2020 Ashcraft Ave. Monroe, NC 28110 Phone: (704) 289-4511 FAX: (704) 289-4269 Westmoreland Mechanical Testing and Research Inc. Attn: Andrew Wisniewski P.O. Box 388 Youngstown, PA 15696-0388 Mannesmann Rohrenwerke Mannesmann Forschungsinstitut (MFI) Attn: Dr. Weiss Postfach 251160 47251 Duisburg Germany Phone: 011-49-0203-9993194 FAX: 011-49-0203-9994415 ThyssenKrupp VDM USA, Inc. Attn: D. C. Agarwal 11210 Steeplecrest Drive, Suite 120 Houston, TX 77065-4939 Phone: (281) 955-6683 3.13 Wedge Tensile Test Specimens (Headed fasteners) - A wedge tensile test must be conducted on a Full Size Fastener for each production lot and reported aspart of the Mechanical Properties. The required specimens for the Wedge Tensile Test must be separate fasteners from those required for the Yield Test. 3.13.1 Testing for Socket Head Cap Screws must be in accordance MIL-DTL-1222, paragraphs 4.5.2.3 and 4.5.2.3.1. 3.13.2 Testing for all other Headed Fasteners with a nominal diameter greater than 1/4-inch must be in accordance with ASTM-F606 for grades 5, 8, B7, and B16.For all other grades, the following wedge angles must be used. a. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter of 1/4-inch through 1-inch (inclusive) must be tested with a ten degree wedge. b. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter over 1-inch must be tested with a six degree wedge. c. Fasteners that are of grades 8, B7, B16, 410, 416, 416Se, 431, and 630 and are threaded within one diameter to the underside of the head must be tested as follows: Sizes 1/4 inch through 3/4 inch (inclusive) Use a six degree wedgeSizes over 3/4 inch Use a four degree wedge d. Fasteners which have passed testing with wedge angles greater than those specified should be considered acceptable. 3.13.3 For fasteners having a length less than the minimum specified in Table 1 of ASTM-F606, one "test specimen fastener" must be manufactured from each lot of fasteners and tested to represent that lot. The length of these test specimen fasteners must meet the minimum specified in table 1 of ASTM-F606 but must not exceed it by more than 1/4 inch. Test specimen fasteners must be the same type, style, and diameter as the production lot and must be manufactured from the same starting material, using the same manufacturing techniques as the production lot, and must be heat treated (if required) along with the production lot. 3.14 Thread Lubricant - Thread lubricants containing molybdenum disulfide must not be used on this material. Bacteria in water, especially seawater, causes molybdenum disulfide to break down. The by-products of the breakdown form compounds which attack the fasteners. Anti-galling compound A-A-59004 must be used as a replacement when thread lubricant is required for assembly. 3.15 Internal Threads - All internal threads must be formed by cutting. Cold forming of internal threads is not acceptable. 3.16 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing, personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Repair welding is not permitted on ;QQ-N-286; . Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing. 3.17 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.17.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.17.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.17.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.18 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. 3.19 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.20 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.20.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.21 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer. 3.22 Welding Requirements - When production or repair welding is required, the applicable welding procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. In addition, the CONSUMED WELD METAL C of C as defined below must be submitted as part of the certification OQE package submitted by the Contractor. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.22.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). 3.22.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the procedures and qualification data report to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. ''WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC'.' WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ'') 3.22.3 The PCO's authorization for the use of weld procedure(s) and qualification data for the specific application as submitted does not mitigate the vendors responsibility to comply with the requirements of S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, and the contract. 3.22.4 Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings, the repair of wrought material, or the repair of forged material must be obtained via request for waiver from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. Repairs deemed minor or nominal in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 can be made at contractor discretion in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 requirements; however, Weld Procedure Specification (WPS) and Procedure Qualification Record (PQR) submittals are still required. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.22.5 Any new procedure qualification performed under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 72 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 72 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.22.6 When drawings require hardfacing surface Iron or Nickel content not to exceed 5%, the contractor must verify surface Iron or Nickel content by performing chemical testing as defined by the applicable drawing. The chemical test results must be submitted as part of the qualification data. 3.22.7 Additional qualification requirements for production hardfacing thickness less than 1/8-inch: Macro-etch (or legible photomacrographs clearly showing the fusion area) must be submitted for review and show consistent, minimized dilution. All essen...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176058197
  - Email: JORDAN.D.NEELY2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f97549e3b20a46948f2843628eaccdd7/view