---
layout: default
title: 3830--Backhoe Loader
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2b9fc911426b499baf4d73b958593e93
---

# 3830--Backhoe Loader

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 16:38:46.223-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26326Q0549
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Black Hills Health Care System requires a Backhoe Loader and accessories with the Salient Characteristics listed in the draft Statement of Work below. This is a sources sought looking for businesses to provide the supplies listed below for market research purposes. No awards of a contract will be made from this announcement. If you are a vendor that can provide the requested information above and required supplies described below with competitive pricing, send your information (to include your organization's Unique Entity Identifier number) with a description of proof of capability to: brian.whalen-crichton@va.gov on or before April 15th, 2026. Only emailed responses will be considered. Additionally, please provide answers as appropriate to the following questions in the table below with your response to this sources sought. Failure to respond to the following questions may affect the acquisition strategy. 1. Identify your organization's socio-economic category. 2. Identify if your organization is the manufacturer of the requested supplies.Â If you are not the manufacturer, identify the manufacturer of the supplies that you will provide, their socio-economic category and a letter showing that your organization is an authorized distributor for the requested supplies.Â 3. Fill out the certificate under FAR Provision 52.225-2(b), identifying the item and its country of origin. (https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52#FAR_52_225_2). If the product is a US domestic end product, write in USA for the item's country of origin. 4. State whether any of the requested supplies may be ordered against a government contract awarded to your organization (e.g Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), General Services Administration (GSA), etc.). 5. Address whether your organization meets the requirements of 13 CFR 121.406 (b)(1)(i), (b)(1)(ii) and (b)(1)(iii) (https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-13/chapter-I/part-121/subpart-A/subject-group-ECFR0fca5207262de47/section-121.406#p-121.406(b)). 6. State if subcontracting is contemplated for this requirement and what percentage of the requirement will be subcontracted and for what tasks. 7. Provide estimated shipping and delivery information for the requested supplies (e.g. Expected lead time on delivery). Â *If applicable, VAAR 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products, will apply to the potential solicitation if set-aside for Veteran Owned Small-Businesses.* Â *If applicable, VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market Items, will apply to the potential solicitation.* *If applicable, FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting, will apply to the potential solicitation if set-aside for Small-Businesses. * Statement of Work - Draft Hot Springs Backhoe Loader Hot Springs Facilities has a requirement to purchase a Brand Name or Equal Backhoe Loader with an authorized vendor to supply and deliver the item(s) identified in Table 1 below. Table 1 Package Items Summary Nomenclature Quantity Backhoe Loader 1 Erskine Skid Steer Broom, 96 , power angle, Reversing 1 Erskine Snow Blower SB3600X 84 , wiring harness, high flow coupler 1 MDS Steer Forks 48 Walk Through Rails 1 Erskine Stump Grinder Standard Flow, 590-1000 RPM 32 Cut Diameter 1 Delivery and Receiving Delivery and receipt of the proposed items is anticipated to be directed to the location identified below. Confirmation of delivery location will be provided by the Veterans Affairs Point of Contact (VA POC) post-award. Delivery must be coordinated with VA Logistics; 605-345-2511 ext 17023 prior to any attempts at delivery. Post-award the vendor will coordinate delivery prior to beginning. Once the dates have been confirmed, modifications to the schedule are subject to written approval by the Veterans Affairs Point of Contact (VA POC). Schedule changes that are beyond the dates specified in the contract will require approval by the Contracting Officer and a contract modification. Delivery shall be Freight on Board (FOB) - Destination Delivery Address: Veterans Health Administration, Black Hills Health Care System, Hot Springs Building 30 500 North 5th St, Hot Springs, SD 57747 Delivery Hours: The delivery of items identified in this document shall take place during normal business hours which are defined as: 0800 to 1530 (i.e.: 8:00am to 3:30pm Mountain Time), Monday through Friday, and excluding Federal Holidays. Labeling of delivered items shall include the awarded contract number and VA purchase order number for identification and reference upon receipt of product. Delivery and Installation includes offloading the equipment from the truck, setting up the equipment according to the manufacturers specification and testing the equipment to verify that it is operational. Equipment installation paperwork & warranty information must be handed to the approved government contact onsite. Training The vendor shall coordinate through the VA POC to provide a hands-on training session to four or less staff selected by the VA. In addition, the vendor shall provide additional training documents to the VA POC for training additional people at a future date. Standard Warranty The products shall be covered by vendor s standard warranty terms and provisions. Vendors to provide their standard warranty information in their quotes. The warranty period set forth therein shall be for two year following delivery and acceptance of the product by the VA POC. The vendor shall extend such warranty directly to the customer as if such customer had purchased the Products directly from the manufacturer. Trade In Credit ***This procurement will be replacing an existing machine. If a trade-in credit is available please specify this on the quote at the time of offer.*** Salient Characteristics Salient Characteristics BHHCS Hot Springs Backhoe Loader In no order of importance, the proposed backhoe must (Have / Be / Able to): Less than 50 HP diesel engine Full Cab with heat and Air Conditioning Overall height 8 Backhoe controls switchable SAE (Society of Automotive Engineers)/ISO (International Organization for Standardization) High flow hydraulic system Backhoe integrated with machine and stowed within the machine s height 12.5 drive track width Front loader 4-cylinder geometry with parallel lift Able to turn 360 degrees on axis Reversing alarm Flashing beacon light External side mirrors Backhoe stabilizer street pads 3-point contact while entering cab for safety Stump grinder Hydraulic angel broom 80 Pallet fork Quick attach loader plate to accept conventional skid steer attachments Quick attach hitch backhoe Designed for tight workspaces Security Contractor and subcontractor personnel will be escorted by VA personnel while on VA property

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Whalen
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: brian.whalen-crichton@va.gov
  - Phone: 319-688-3754

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2b9fc911426b499baf4d73b958593e93/view)