---
layout: default
title: FCI Berlin FY26 3RD QTR Bread & Dairy
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Award Notice
notice_id: e69226d20da246889f509bdf5a4eeb32
---

# FCI Berlin FY26 3RD QTR Bread & Dairy

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Award Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-09 13:42:10.813-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B21826Q00000008
- Awardee: Multiple Berlin NH 03570 USA
- Award Amount: 110011.15

## Summary

(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. (ii)Solicitation number 15B21826Q00000008 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for Bread & Dairy. (iii) This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. To view all available rewritten FAR Parts and agency deviations, visit Revolutionary FAR Overhaul. (iv) This acquisition is 100% set-aside for small business concerns for the Bread portion. The Dairy portion is not set-aside. The NAICS code for this requirement is 311999, with a small business size standard of 700 employees. (v) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable). See attached requirements worksheets for a full description of items, quantities and units of measures for all the subsistence requirements. (vi) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102). See attached requirements worksheets for a full description of items, quantities and units of measures for all the subsistence requirements. (vii) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47). Deliveries will begin on April 1, 2026 and continue through June 30,2026. Delivery will be Freight on Board. Delivery address will be: FCI Berlin 1 Success Loop Road Berlin NH, 03570 (viii) FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (DEVIATION NOV 2025), applies to this acquisition. (see 12.205(a)). (ix) FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) The Government anticipates and intends to make MULTIPLE awards based on pricing per line item. Award will be made to the responsible Quoter whose quote conforms to the requirements and is determined to provide the best value to the Government, considering the evaluation factors outlined below. (1) Price - The government will evaluate the Quoter’s proposed price to ensure it is fair and reasonable; (2) Past Performance – Go/No-Go Evaluation The Government will evaluate the Quoter’s past performance on a Go/No-Go basis. The assessment will be based on the following criteria: Timeliness of Deliveries: The Quoter must demonstrate a consistent record of on-time deliveries. Documented instances of late deliveries, including Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) evaluations and communications with other Contracting Officers, will be reviewed. A history of substantial delivery delays will result in a "No-Go" determination. Order Accuracy and Completeness: The Quoter must show a track record of delivering complete and accurate orders. Evidence of recurring issues such as missing or incorrect items—supported by customer complaints, returns, or input from other Contracting Officers—will be considered. A pattern of incomplete or inaccurate deliveries will result in a "No-Go" determination. Only Quoters receiving a "Go" rating under this factor will be considered eligible for award. Please see attached quote sheet for specifications and quantities requested. Place quotes on the attached specification sheet. Fill in offeror Business name and DUNS number at the bottom of each page of the quote sheets. Offers submitted without Business name and DUNS number will not be accepted. Only bid sheets with typed out offers will be accepted, no handwritten offers will be accepted. (x) FAR 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION NOV 2025), is applicable to this acquisition. (xi) The following provisions are applicable: 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration (NOV 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (SEP 2024) 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements—Representation (JAN 2017) 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate (OCT 2022) 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation (JUN 2020) 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) The following clauses are applicable: 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Internal Confidentiality Agreements (JAN 2017) 52.204-13 System for Award Management – Maintenance (OCT 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (NOV 2015) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (NOV 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUN 2003) 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (OCT 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies (OCT 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management (OCT 2018) 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party (MAY 2014) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) 52.233-3 Protest After Award (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) JAR 2852.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions, Commercial Items (NOV 2020) DOJ-08 – Continuing Contract Performance During a Pandemic Influenza or Other National Emergency (xii) The date, time, and place offers are due. The completed solicitation package must be returned no later than 10 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 19, 2026. (xiii) The name and telephone number of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation. Vendors shall submit quotes only to: Jessalynn Laflamme, Property & Procurement Specialist email: jlaflamme@bop.gov No fax, hand delivered, or mail-in quotes will be accepted. Please be sure to read the solicitation, cover letter, quote sheet, clauses and provisions and delivery schedule. If the answer is addressed in those documents you will not receive a response. Quotes MUST be good for 30 calendar days after close of the solicitation. (viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). Any and all information will be posted to the General Services Administration, SAM.Gov website: www.sam.gov. All future information about this acquisition, including amendments, awards and cancellations will also be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation All responsible sources may submit a quotation, as appropriate, which will be considered by the Bureau of Prisons. Awards with total value over the Micro Purchase Threshold of $15,000 will be awarded with a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) Purchase Order. Awards with total value under the Micro Purchase Threshold of $15,000 will be awarded with a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) Government Purchase Card transaction from the local food services department. Any subsequent award will require acceptance in the form of a signature by the contractor 48 hours after the signed purchase order has been delivered to the contractor. Beef is a vital part of the orderly running of the operation of a Federal Prison. In accordance with FAR 12.201-1 (b), this contracting officer has determined this acquisition appropriate to require acceptance in writing. “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include: •52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and •52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, paragraph (d). Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jessalynn Laflamme
  - Email: jlaflamme@bop.gov
  - Phone: (603)342-4128

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e69226d20da246889f509bdf5a4eeb32/view