---
layout: default
title: Airline Analysis and Scheduling Solution via a Web-based Application
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c5b1a194de9548c6a8134d6533d70783
---

# Airline Analysis and Scheduling Solution via a Web-based Application

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 11:19:02.834-04
- Solicitation Number: 693JK426R600002

## Summary

Attn: Potential Offerors Subject: Request for Proposal – RFP# 693JK426R600002 Amendment 00001 - The purpose of this amendment is to correct the date for when questions are due. Questions are due Tuesday, February 10, 2026 at noon/12:00PM EST not February 11, 2026. ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00002 - This Amendment extends the question submission deadline to 9:00 AM EST on February 13, 2026, due to an issue with the RFP attachment in SAM.gov. The RFP has been reuploaded. No additional questions will be accepted after this deadline. ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00003 - Proposals are due on Friday, March 27, 2026, at 10:00AM EST not Thursday. ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00004 - Airline Analysis and Scheduling Solution Application The purpose of this amendment is to correct post answers to questions. See attached: ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00005 - The purpose of this amendment is to correct typo on Amendment 0004. Amendment 0004 is to post answers to questions. No correction was made. Please disregard the word "correct" on Amend 00004. That was a typo. Thank you. ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00006 - The purpose of this amendment is to post additional questions and answers that were received on Friday, February 13, 2026, that were inadvertently not included on the Final Q&A Excel Spreadsheet. All questions that the Government will entertain are now posted. _______________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00007 - The purpose of this amendment is as follows: In addition, the proposal due date is hereby changed from March 27, 2026, to Monday, March 30, 2026, at 10am EST. In addition, the page requirement in section Volume I - Technical Capacity/Approach/Frequency of Data Updates/Comprehensiveness of Historical Data is increased from 60 pages to a total of 75 pages (Excluding Resumes and Table of Content and Descriptions). Incorporate a Modular Procurement Framework for AI and Data Integration into the solicitation. The following sections of the Statement of Work (SOW) and Instructions to Offerors are hereby amended to address these new requirements. See Attached: ___________________________________________________________________________________________________ The U.S. Department of Transportation Office of Aviation Analysis (OAA) is seeking a Contractor to provide Airline Analysis and Scheduling Solution via a web-based application tool in accordance with the attached Statement of Work. This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposal is being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most current information in reference to this acquisition. This requirement will be awarded as a commercial item under the procedures outlined in FAR Part 12. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541511, “Custom Computer Programming Services,” with a small business size standard of $34.0 Million. The DOT anticipates the award of a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract from this RFP. The resultant award shall consist of five years: one (1) base period and four (4) one year option periods. This acquisition is a Full and Open Competition. The basis for award is “Best Value.” The NAICS Code 541511- Custom Computer Programming Services. DOT invites your company to submit a proposal in accordance with your established rates for the above support Services. Please submit questions by Tuesday, February 10, 2026, at noon EST. Proposal submissions are due no later than Thursday, March 27, 2026, at 10 AM EST via email to Melinda.Riddick@dot.gov with a cc copy to Robin.Golden@dot.gov. Please submit questions and proposals to the aforementioned email addresses. NOTE: ***Offeror must provide a demonstration of the solution made available to DOT personnel prior to submitting a proposal. Offerors must schedule a demonstration by 12pm EST on or before March 2, 2026, Offerors must send an email to the above email addresses with available times between 10am and 2:30pm EST M-F for an online presentation via M.S. Teams or Zoom*** Please reference: “RFP: 693JK426R600002 (Airline Analysis and Scheduling Solution Application) in the subject line when responding to this solicitation. Thank you in advance for your interest in the Department of Transportation and its Programs. Sincerely, Melinda Riddick Contracting Officer Office of the Senior Procurement Executive

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melinda Riddick, Contracting Officer
  - Email: Melinda.Riddick@dot.gov
  - Phone: 2023667058
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Robin Denise Golden
  - Email: robin.golden@dot.gov
  - Phone: 202-366-1408

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: SAM.gov. The RFP has been reuploaded. No additional questions will be accepted after this deadline. ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00003 - Proposals are due on Friday, March 27, 2026, at 10:00AM EST not Thursday. ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00004 - Airline Analysis and Scheduling Solution Application The purpose of this amendment is to correct post answers to questions. See attached: ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00005 - The purpose of this amendment is to correct typo on Amendment 0004. Amendment 0004 is to post answers to questions. No correction was made. Please disregard the word "correct" on Amend 00004. That was a typo. Thank you. ____________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00006 - The purpose of this amendment is to post additional questions and answers that were received on Friday, February 13, 2026, that were inadvertently not included on the Final Q&A Excel Spreadsheet. All questions that the Government will entertain are now posted. _______________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 00007 - The purpose of this amendment is as follows: In addition, the proposal due date is hereby changed from March 27, 2026, to Monday, March 30, 2026, at 10am EST. In addition, the page requirement in section Volume I - Technical Capacity/Approach/Frequency of Data Updates/Comprehensiveness of Historical Data is increased from 60 pages to a total of 75 pages (Excluding Resumes and Table of Content and Descriptions). Incorporate a Modular Procurement Framework for AI and Data Integration into the solicitation. The following sections of the Statement of Work (SOW) and Instructions to Offerors are hereby amended to address these new requirements. See Attached: ___________________________________________________________________________________________________ The U.S. Department of Transportation Office of Aviation Analysis (OAA) is seeking a Contractor to provide Airline Analysis and Scheduling Solution via a web-based application tool in accordance with the attached Statement of Work. This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposal is being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most current information in reference to this acquisition. This requirement will be awarded as a commercial item under the procedures outlined in FAR Part 12. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541511, “Custom Computer Programming Services,” with a small business size standard of $34.0 Million. The DOT anticipates the award of a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract from this RFP. The resultant award shall consist of five years: one (1) base period and four (4) one year option periods. This acquisition is a Full and Open Competition. The basis for award is “Best Value.” The NAICS Code 541511- Custom Computer Programming Services. DOT invites your company to submit a proposal in accordance with your established rates for the above support Services. Please submit questions by Tuesday, February 10, 2026, at noon EST. Proposal submissions are due no later than Thursday, March 27, 2026, at 10 AM EST via email to Melinda.Riddick@dot.gov with a cc copy to Robin.Golden@dot.gov. Please submit questions and proposals to the aforementioned email addresses. NOTE: ***Offeror must provide a demonstration of the solution made available to DOT personnel prior to submitting a proposal. Offerors must schedule a demonstration by 12pm EST on or before March 2, 2026, Offerors must send an email to the above email addresses with available times between 10am and 2:30pm EST M-F for an online presentation via M.S. Teams or Zoom*** Please reference: “RFP: 693JK426R600002 (Airline Analysis and Scheduling Solution Application) in the subject line when responding to this solicitation. Thank you in advance for your interest in the Department of Transportation and its Programs. Sincerely, Melinda Riddick Contracting Officer Office of the Senior Procurement Executive

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c5b1a194de9548c6a8134d6533d70783/view)