---
layout: default
title: 6525--FY26: AlignRT DoseRT Therapy CT Scanner
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 65fd03f039f64b5bb4094fe47a442e05
---

# 6525--FY26: AlignRT DoseRT Therapy CT Scanner

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 06:59:14.841-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0435
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice DESCRIPTION THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This is not a solicitation for bids, proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of all qualified sources to fulfill a potential requirement. The responses received from interested contractors will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office (NCO) 8, is conducting market research to identify potential sources which can provide the following supplies in support of the Bay Pines, VA Health Care System. As part of efforts to expand Radiation Oncology, this system must be compatible with the Varian TrueBeam linear accelerator. It must have interoperability with Varian Linacs via MMI in order to interface directly for auto beam hold capabilities, send to couch features, auto patient import and more.Â The Miami VAMC is currently using the VisionRT s Surface Guided Radiation Therapy (SGRT) in one vault and seeking to add another system to better serve the Veteran population. The video module of the system shall allow for a multi-angle, real-time view of the patient's overall alignment relative to their reference position during setup and monitoring by using an outline of the reference surface and a live video stream of the patient. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of all qualified sources who can provide a Brand Name or Equal system to AlignRT Surface Guided Radiation Therapy (SGRT) system. Functions to be performed: Surface Guided Radiation Therapy (SGRT) system that allows real-time tracking of patients before and during radiation therapy. Functions must use contact-free techniques to track patients skin surfaces with sub-millimetric accuracy ranging below 0.5mm in all six degrees of freedom. Ensures radiation is only delivered when patients are correctly positioned. System must ensure accurate and reproductible patient setup and monitoring during dose delivery. System must have the ability to automatically pause treatment due to expected and unexpected patient adjustments made during dose delivery and treatment. Shall be compatible with Varian TrueBeam Linear Accelerator: Shall be completely integrated with Varian TrueBeam Linear Accelerator through MMI interface for GATING (Beam Hold) and applying directly 6DOF (Degrees of Freedom) couch shifts to the linac in case of patient motion, assuring the safe and accurate delivery of radiation. System shall be able to perform the following therapies and examinations: DIBH (Deep Inspiration Breath Hold) General Breast SRS (Stereotactic Radiosurgery) SBRT (Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy) Head and Neck Breath Hold SBRT Sarcoma Prostate Software and Interfacing Requirements: Shall be compatible with Varian TrueBeam Linear Accelerator: Shall be able to be completely integrated with Varian TrueBeam Linear Accelerator through MMI interface for GATING (Beam Hold) and applying directly 6DOF (Degrees of Freedom) couch shifts to the linac in case of patient motion, assuring the safe and accurate delivery of radiation. Shall include HD camera unit. Shall utilize a minimum of three (3) mounted HD camera units to allow image capture from any combination of the three (3) camera units. Shall include workstation: Workstation shall be at the treatment console in sync with a monitor, keyboard, and mouse in the treatment room. Shall include patient tracking software. Standard and Gated image acquisition (for Beam on Hold) Region of Interest selection and propagation, i.e., selection of skin in face open mask, excluding non-reflective surfaces Image manipulation tools for better image contrast visualization Image Registration (Fusion of actual image and reference CT/TPS image) SSD (Source to Skin Distance) verification especially for 3D plans for every treatment field Calculation and display of couch shifts and new couch coordinates Real Time Surveillance and display of 6 DOF (Degrees of Freedom) shifts: 3 Translations and 3 Rotations Automatic Motion Detection, and ability to put the beam on hold, then resume the treatment safely after new couch shifts are applied. Shall include DICOM import and export modules. The DICOM RT import module must allow contours extracted from CT and TPS (Treatment planning System) to be imported into system as Reference Data or Baseline Data . The DICOM RT export module must allow couch shifts report to be exported to the patient e-Chart in ARIA (Treatment Management System, residing in a single Varian Database) Shall include calibration plate. Flat plate with regular pattern of known dimensions to enable the precise calibration of the system cameras. Shall include PSU for HD camera. To install HD Power supplies using two M8 expansion bolts. Shall include portable device to allow for remote control of key functions. To include 3 Remote Control Units to allow the control of key functions of system software through a Remote-Control Receiver and interface cable. Must include advanced optical set-up and verification of system. Must include 3-camera units using a projector and image sensor to create a 3D surface model of the area of interest by projecting a red light containing a speckle pattern on your skin. The speckle pattern allows the system to reference thousands of points on the skin, acting as virtual tattoos. Must have System accuracy in patient positioning before and during treatment to allows Radiation Oncology to deliver advanced treatment options such as High Dose Single Fraction SRS (using open mask for claustrophobic patients), and SBRT treatments necessitating high accuracy and precision in positioning and Patient Motion Monitoring during treatment. Easy Patient Identification: Must include a software Treatment room Pack that uses (Infra-Red) face recognition system or equal to add an additional safety layer for patient identification. No gray market or remanufactured items will be acceptable. Vendor shall be an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM. Potential candidates having the capabilities necessary to provide the above stated supplies at a fair and reasonable price are invited to respond to this Sources Sought Notice via e-mail to Timothy Felix at timothy.felix@va.gov no later than April 9, 2026, at 1:00PM (EST). No telephone inquiries will be accepted. RESPONSES SHOULD INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: Company name, address, SAM Unique Entity Identifier and business size; point of contact name, phone number, and e-mail address; whether services are presently offered on a current GSA Federal Supply Schedule contract. NAICS Code 334510, Size Standard: 1,250 employees is applicable to determine business size standard. Any questions or concerns may also be directed via email to Timothy Felix at timothy.felix@va.gov Disclaimer and Important Notes: This Sources Sought Notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. The Government will treat any information received as proprietary and will not share such information with other companies. Any organization responding to this Sources Sought Notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization's qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. The Government may or may not issue a solicitation as a result of this announcement. There is no solicitation available at this time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy Felix
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: timothy.felix@va.gov
  - Phone: 904-228-0645

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/65fd03f039f64b5bb4094fe47a442e05/view)