---
layout: default
title: Emergency Generators_ATS- Service Contract
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8eaca2b0a77b4f90a18305ba96b17fd4
---

# Emergency Generators_ATS- Service Contract

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 10:27:26.374-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0410
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2025-06; October 1, 2025. This solicitation is set-aside for SDVOSB The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811310, with a small business size standard of $12.5 Million. The FSC/PSC is J035. The Manchester VA Medical Center 718 Smyth Road, Manchester NH 03104 is seeking to purchase Emergency Generators and ATS Maintenance Service Contract. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Emergency Generator/ATS Maintenance Service 12 Mo 1001 Emergency Generator/ATS Maintenance Service 12 Mo 2001 Emergency Generator/ATS Maintenance Service 12 Mo 3001 Emergency Generator/ATS Maintenance Service 12 Mo 4001 Emergency Generator/ATS Maintenance Service 12 Mo DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS STATEMENT OF WORK Maintenance Service Contract Emergency Generators and ATS s INTRODUCTION The VA Medical Center in Manchester is seeking a qualified contractor to perform comprehensive preventative maintenance and repair services for Emergency Generators and Automatic Transfer Switches (ATS) at our campus. Service performance will be for the VAMC- Manchester at 718 Smyth Road, Manchester, NH 03104. Service contract to be base plus 4 option years. BACKGROUND VA Manchester s Emergency Generators and Automatic Transfer Switches (ATS) have required preventative maintenance (PM) and testing on a periodic basis through the year. The Facility Service, Maintenance Department, requires assistance in keeping up with required PMs and testing on the equipment to ensure proper operations and prevent failure points on the equipment. Our current Maintenance staff is shorthanded to ensure proper PMs are being completed as well as responding to maintenance calls, performing regular duties, and handling the increase work order requests. A service contract is needed to ensure the proper and timely of the required PMs on the Emergency Generators and Automatic Transfer Switches (ATS). Contractor shall provide all required maintenance, testing and inspections to these equipment and systems. In addition to required semi annual and Annual preventive maintenance, testing & inspection, the Contractor shall provide emergency on-call repair services (parts and labor), and standby services. SCOPE Item 1 Preventative Maintenance (PM) The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools vehicles, materials, supervision, and other items and services necessary to perform preventative maintenance, testing and repair tasks functions for the equipment described in the SOW. Contractor shall provide maintenance for Emergency Generators and Automatic Transfer Switches (ATS). This equipment provides emergency and back-up power to the Medical Center. Contractor must be qualified and authorized to work on all equipment listed in attachment A and must have access to all necessary proprietary software. The contractor shall maintain the equipment in accordance with the applicable Installation and Operation Manuals. The contractor shall adhere to all individual manufacturer s requirements and instructions for the particulars of scheduled maintenance of the systems/equipment. All contractor personnel and subcontractors that perform scheduled maintenance shall be qualified by the systems/equipment manufacturer where necessary to preserve any warranties on the systems/equipment. The contractor shall provide a written monthly schedule to the Contracting Officer Representatives (COR) for the facility, listing the specific equipment to be serviced during the upcoming period and outlining the individual PM tasks to be completed, including any after-hours service. The contractor shall obtain, provide and install all parts, materials, and supplies necessary to perform PM, and shall be responsible for the cost of same within their base bid amount. Contractor shall use parts supplied by the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) or authorized equal (as stipulated by the manufacturer) when replacing all parts, components, and/or devices for the covered systems. Should the contractor encounter a part in need of replacement, and the direct replacement is no longer available due to obsolescence, the contractor shall replace that part with a new equivalent part. The contractor shall notify the VA when such replacements/modernization occurs. The contractor shall provide labor, material, and equipment necessary to perform routine preventative maintenance and inspections services at the intervals specified. The vendor shall perform all manufacturer recommended routine maintenance on the equipment listed in Attachment A. The vendor shall perform all manufacturer recommended routine maintenance, whether or not included in the list below ENGINE GENERATORS 1. SEMI-ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE NOT RUNNING) Conduct visual check around the generator. Check the engine, radiator, and generator for debris, foreign objects, loose or broken fittings, guards, and components. Repair as necessary. Check the battery s liquids specific gravity, do battery load test, top up\fill if necessary. Maintain electrolyte level, clean batteries if necessary, check for tight connections. Clean battery terminals and lugs. Battery charger- Check for proper operation. Check all V and fan belts to make sure there are no hair line cracks on the belts, replace if cracked or worn. Inspect for worn, broken, or loose belts (alternator, fan, drive, etc.). Check and adjust tension on all V and fan belts. Check coolant level and top up\fill if necessary. Check specific gravity of coolant. Replenish as necessary to maintain manufacturers recommended level and specific gravity of coolant additive. Block heater- Check for proper operation. Maintain 32Â°C (90Â°F) coolant temperature in the block at all times. Check operation and components of water jacket heating system. Engine Crankcase- Check the oil Maintain the oil level between the add and full marks on the engine stopped side of the dipstick. Governor- Check and maintain the oil level (if required). Fuel System- Check for leaks and drain water separator (if equipped). Keep fuel tank full. Check fuel filter indicator (if equipped). Gauges- check the condition of all gauges. Repair or replace any broken gauge. Generator and Control Panel- Visual Inspection- check for loose, broken, or damaged wiring or components. Test fuel day tanks for water. Record water levels in tanks. Drain condensate from exhaust condensate trap. Clean air filter element. Inspect all fuel, oil, and water piping for secure mounting. Inspect exhaust piping and muffler insulation. Inspect crankcase breather tube. Check all control panel indication LED s. 2. SEMI-ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE RUNNING) Turn off the generator circuit breaker and run the generator unloaded for 15 minutes. Check the generator for unusual conditions, such as: excessive vibration, excessive black or white smoke. The following indicators on the control panel also need to be checked and verified while the generator is running: fuel level, oil pressure, water temperature, rpm, voltage, and frequency. With the engine running and the generator circuit breaker open: Jumper water temperature switch Jumper oil pressure switch Jumper coolant low-level switch Press emergency stop push button. Each time the switch is jumpered or the emergency stop button is pressed the engine should stop and the corresponding failure lamp should illuminate. Reset the shut-down mechanisms after each test. Start unit and run with load bank connected for 1 hour at minimum 30% load. 70% preferred. Any generator operating under 30% load must be supplied with a load bank by the Contractor. Frequency (rpm) and generated voltage- check and record readings. NOTE: The operating voltage of a cold (just started) generator will be slightly higher than the operating voltage of a generator that has been under load and warm. The full load voltage of a generator will decrease a maximum of 1% when the generator stabilizes at 100Â°C (212Â°F). Most of the voltage decrease occurs in about 30 minutes. Generally, temperatures of generators stabilize within two hours. Read and record verify all engine and alternator indicators. Check for proper operating oil pressure. Check for proper operating fuel pressure. Check the oil level. Maintain the oil level between the add and full marks on the engine running side of the dipstick. Check exhaust for excessive black or white smoke. (See manufacture s manual) Check turbocharger for vibrations, check for any abnormal noise during operation. Check generator bearing for noise and overheating. Check exhaust manifold, muffler, and piping for leaks and secure mountings. Check fuel day tank for overheating. Leaks and noises- Check for leaks and unusual noises. NOTE: Engine must be stopped before making necessary repairs. Check exhaust backpressure at the Diesel particle filter (Dpf.), if above 24 Inches H20 / 6 kPa, Dpf filters to be removed and cleaned. Or in accordance with the manufacturer s recommendations. 3. SEMI-ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE STOPPED AFTER RUNNING) Inspect engine water, fuel, and oil systems for leaks while engine is hot. Fill out maintenance checklist and report deficiencies. Confirm that circuit breaker is in closed position, and generator is set in automatic. 4. SEMI-ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE NOT RUNNING) Perform complete semi-annual engine not running schedule (Section 4). Change fuel and air filters every 250hrs or once a year whichever is sooner Change coolant filters every 250hrs or once a year whichever is sooner Inspect battery charging Alternator and V belt. Inspect engine and generator wiring harness for wear and damages. Inspect supports and spring isolators for soundness and stability. Inspect unit thoroughly for loose fasteners. Clean radiator air passages and exhaust air ducts. Clean intake louvers and ducts. Inspect unit for corrosion. Remove any corrosion, prime and paint. Inspect fan drive idler pivot arm assembly and shock absorber. Inspect Belt driven fan hub. Take fuel oil samples, analyze and report composition and cleanliness. Take fuel samples, analyze and report composition and cleanliness 5. ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE RUNNING) Perform complete semi-annual Engine running schedule (Section 2). 6. ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE STOPPED AFTER RUNNING). Perform complete semi-annual Engine stopped after running schedule. (Section 3). Change crankcase oil and filters every 200 hours or once a year, whichever is sooner. Fill out maintenance checklist and report deficiencies. Confirm that circuit breaker is in closed position, and generator is set in automatic. Engine Crankcase Breather- Clean. Engine mounts- Inspect Engine protective devices- Check. Engine speed/timing sensor- Clean/inspect. Engine valve lash- Check. Engine valve rotators- Inspect. Fuel System Primary Filter (Water Separator) Element- Replace. Fuel System secondary filter- Replace. Generator Bearing- Lubricate. Generator Set Vibration- Inspect. Hoses and Clamps- Inspect/Replace. Rotting Rectifier- Check. Starting Motor- Inspect. Water Pump- Inspect. 7. OUT YEAR CHECKS Second Year Checks: Inspect Turbocharger: Inspection to include bearings, seals, exhausts, and air impellers. Change all gasket and seals. Inspect Rotating rectifier: Inspect and clean rotating rectifier per manufacturer s recommendations. If replacement is warranted, provide a written recommendation to the COR for action to include all material and labor. Replace batteries: Replace batteries with minimum Caterpillar Deep Cell batteries per manufacturer s recommendations. Provide two (2) batteries for each generator. Replace cooling system temperature regulators with seals. AUTOMATIC TRANSFER SWITCHES Annual PM Inspection Perform a visual inspection of the automatic transfer switch and its surrounding environment. Vacuum the switch interior to remove any dirt or dust deposits. Wipe all bus bars, insulators, cables, and so forth with a clean dry lint free cloth. Inspect the enclosure, transformer, terminals, terminal boards, and insulators for signs of overheating from internal or external sources. Check for voltage creepage over insulating surface, evident by tracing or carbonization. Check the switch interior carefully for moisture, condensation build up, or signs of any previous wetness. Inspect the switch for any signs of overheating. Check for signs of rodent nesting in the enclosure. Carefully inspect all devices for any visibly worn-out, cracked, or missing parts. Open and close contacts several times to verify they are working properly. Verify that all key interlocks and door interlocking provisions are working properly. Check all bus bar joints and terminal lugs for any pitting, corrosion, or discoloration resulting from high temperatures or subject to high fault conditions. Inspect all insulating material. The scope consists of routine preventative maintenance service and needed repairs to the equipment and associated components. The Contractor is required to inspect and service all equipment in accordance with all manufacturer's recommendations, prevailing industry standards and codes. Personnel Qualifications- Before assigning employees to start work under the terms of this contract, the Contractor shall ensure that they have the required qualifications and, if applicable, possess the required current and valid professional certifications and licenses in compliance with federal, state, and local environmental requirements and laws. Personnel operating motor vehicles shall have a valid state driver s license and abide by all NH VAMC Healthcare System traffic laws, i.e. hands-free cell phone use while driving, and parking requirements. As part of the quotation, the Contractor shall submit information on the qualifications or certifications for employees and sub-contractors proposed to work on the services of this contract. Journeyman tradespersons shall be licensed for their respective trades in accordance with Federal requirements. Contractor will ensure all certificates, licenses and permits are kept current and valid. All license and certification renewals shall be submitted to the COR annually or as requested. The COR shall track Contractor compliance with any manufacturers and contract warranties and shall maintain on-site records of equipment bearing warranties. The contractor shall provide fully completed worksheets to the COR with sufficient detail concerning each completed task. The contractor will annotate equipment records showing warranted items and warranty expiration dates on all equipment. The contractor shall provide supporting documentation for any warranty claims to the on-site COR. The Government will provide the contractor with all existing warranty documentation at the start of the task order. The contractor shall maintain and inspect all equipment under warranty, without voiding the warranty. An equipment inventory is incorporated into this Site-Specific statement of work. The contractor is responsible for all required routine maintenance of the equipment included in the inventory and as described herein, necessary to ensure proper function of the equipment in accordance with manufacturer s guidelines, applicable standards and codes. Any unscheduled maintenance/repair work shall be performed when authorized by the Contracting Officer CO or COR, in accordance with Government-approved technical instructions and facility priorities. NOTE: unscheduled maintenance does not include routine maintenance. Routine maintenance services must be incorporated within the base bid amount. The CO and COR shall notify and work with the contractor on any additional equipment added or changes to the equipment list for PMs and frequency. The contract will then be modified to address the updated costing to the service agreement. Also, the CO and COR shall notify and work with the contractor to remove the equipment item from coverage because it can no longer be economically maintained or has been removed/replaced from the property. The contract will then be modified to address the updated costing to the service agreement. Item 2 Annual Load Bank Testing. Generators. Perform Annual Load Bank test on the Generators. The contractor shall provide an annual load bank test on all emergency generators at the Medical Center. An annual load bank test to allow the generator engine under a full load for a four-hour period of time. Item 3 Emergency Services (Labor) The contractor shall provide on call services to include labor costs. The vendor will be able to respond to fix issues within two (2) hours. The contractor shall respond within 2 hours for all emergency call backs on the equipment. A 4-hour arrival/commute time to troubleshoot and/or fix/repair upon response from the contractor. Contractor shall provide 80 hours as specified under this line item. Item 4 Materials and Parts (Emergency Repairs and Maintenance) The contractor shall supply parts and materials ($1000 per equipment) as needed for necessary upgrades, replacement, and repairs. If cost exceeds the agreed upon limitation ($1000 per equipment), then a list of repairs required as a result of the inspection will be provided with a cost proposal for the repair within 24 hours to the COR. Repairs shall be completed within 24 hours after the need for repair has been identified by the contractor or by the COR. All repairs shall be in accordance with the equipment manufacturer s requirements and\or applicable laws, regulations, codes, etc. All parts and materials shall be of the original manufacturer s design and specification, or equal thereto. An extension may be granted at the discretion of the COR on a case by case basis. Each request for an extension must include and explanation for the delay, and estimated time of completion, and evidence to clearly show that the contractor has made every effort to repair the system as timely as possible. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS All work shall be completed such that the integrity of the systems is maintained. All work shall be done in accordance with OSHA, EPA regulations, NFPA codes, with particular attention to VA codes, Federal, State, and local regulations throughout the course of this service contract. The Contractor shall submit technician certification/licensure prior to work start. Copies of these are also to be submitted with the completed checklists. The contractor shall submit all necessary safety plans to include, but not limited to; equipment specific Lock-Out Tag Out procedures, Electrical Safety plan and SDS for any chemicals used to the COR for approval prior to working at the Medical Center. Contractor must submit to the COR for review, work sheet/checklist that will be used for performing and documenting maintenance service. Preventive maintenance for Standby generator sets to be performed by a technician or mechanic, who is manufacturer certified to work on Caterpillar and Kohler emergency generators as listed above. All off site calibration of generator components to be performed by an authorized Caterpillar repair location, a calibration certificate for each calibrated component must be issued. The contractor shall schedule all site visits, to include emergencies, with the COR. The contractor shall furnish authentic parts from the equipment manufacturer. The determination of when to replace parts is at the recommendation of the technician, with the COR s concurrence. Additional service charges may be incurred to install parts during scheduled inspections or callbacks as specified in this agreement. The contractor shall operate on the premises during the hours of 0700 and 1630, unless otherwise authorized by the COR. The contractor shall respond within 2 hours for all emergency call backs. A 4-hour arrival/commute time to troubleshoot and/or fix/repair upon response from the contractor. Work sites shall be left in the same manner of cleanliness and order in which they were found. Vendor will provide their own waste disposal, if any. All vendor technicians performing work on site must report to Facility Service in Building 6 to the contractor badge check in/out room to sign in on the contractor log and get a Contractor badge. Badges must be returned, and log signed out prior to departing the premises. Vendor shall then coordinate with the COR prior to performing their work. Personnel must wear the proper personal protective equipment (PPE) at all times. Work done under this project must comply with infection control requirements. The contractor shall receive all deliveries of materials, equipment, tools, or other goods off of station, and bring them to the job site. The Manchester VA shall not accept deliveries for project purposes. Special care will be taken to secure tools and construction equipment. Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS s) must be submitted to the COR for approval for all hazardous materials before they are brought to the work site. End of day cleanup of the work area(s) is mandatory, and all trash shall be bagged and properly disposed of offsite. Contractor vehicles, including those of their employees, are to be parked in the lower level of Lot D. All travel costs associated with performance of this contract are the responsibility of the Contractor and are provided at no additional cost to the government as part of this contract. Travel costs are defined but not limited to time and vehicle costs for personnel in travel to and from job site for all duties outlined in this specification, normal shipping charges on any parts or materials covered by this contract, costs associated with the normal shipping of parts or equipment out for repair that are covered under this contract, etc. DELIVERABLES Contractor shall coordinate with the COR to provide a complete calendar year schedule for scheduled maintenance tasks at the commencement of the contract. Contractor shall provide a prioritized phone support contact list at the commencement of the contract. Submittal of proposed equipment and materials to be used on site for review and approval by the COR. Submittal of Contractor safety plan and lock-out tag-out plan. Submittal of Safety Data Sheets (SDS) shall be provided by the contactor for all chemicals proposed to be brought to the medical center. Chemicals must be approved before they can be located on property. Submittal of proposed maintenance schedule of activities for review and approval by the COR. Submittal of all maintenance reports. Must be submitted within 7 days of service completion date. Reports should include at a minimum: a. Name and contact information for contractor. b. Name of employee performing the work. c. Date of work performed and hours spent. d. Description of the work performed including PMI s and equipment worked on. Detailed report noting any deficiencies found. e. Signature of employee that performed work as well as the COR. f. Bill of Materials (BOM) to include component name, quantity, part #, and assumption of price for any repair material required and material lead time. ATTACHMENTS- Attachment A : Equipment Tables Attachment A: GENERATORS Manufacturer Model Serial Location Caterpillar C15 CA00C15JNAP01424 Bldg. 7- RM G16 Caterpillar C15 CA00C15JNAP01425 Bldg. 7- RM G16 Caterpillar C15 CA00C15JNAP01426 Bldg. 7- RM G16 Kohler D350 2020812 Bldg. 20- Outside MMB Equipment Power Pro 150 SD6150S 1728B10263 Bldg. 3- Outside Automatic Transfer Switches (ATS) Manufacturer Model Serial Location Asco 7000 Series 2156425-001 RE Bldg. 20- NE 103 Asco 7000 Series 2156425-002 RE Bldg. 20- NE 103 Asco 207492RE Bldg. 20- NE 105 Kohler GM52041 N19F083-878 Bldg. 20- NE 103 Kohler GM52041 N18B083-760 Bldg. 20- NE 104 Kohler 274992-001 BLDG 15- D02 Kohler 276347-001 BLDG 15- D02 Kohler 276348-001 BLDG 15- D02 Russelectric 11274-1A BLDG 20- NE 105 Russelectric 11274-1B BLDG 20- NE 104 Russelectric RTS03 38553-6A/B BLDG 7- G16 Russelectric RTS03 38553-7A/B BLDG 7- G16 Westinghouse ATSBP30100BS BLDG 18- 105 Westinghouse ATSBP30100BS BLDG 18- 105 Westinghouse ATSBP30100BS BLDG 18- 105 The contract period of performance is September 1, 2026 to August 31, 2027. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: 718 Smyth Road Manchester, NH Postal Code: 03104 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Oct 2025) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) VAAR 852.219-75, limitations on Subcontracting (NOV 2022). All quoters shall submit the following: Questions: Any questions must be submitted in writing no later than Wednesday 22 April 2026 at 5:00 PM EST. Answers to the questions will be posted by the following week. Site Visit information: A site visit will be held on Tuesday, 21 April 2026 at 1200 PM EST located at the Manchester VAMC. Please contact James Blevins directly (james.blevins3@va.gov; 603-624-4366 Ext. 206462) to schedule attendance. Please note all questions must be submitted to Shawn Lawrence (Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov), prior to Wednesday 22 April 2026 at 5:00 PM EST. No questions will be answered at the site visit. Quote: Offeror shall provide a quote using the Line item table above. Offerors must also provide all applicable labor rates for the solicited services so they can be compared to the applicable wage determination for compliance with the Service Contract Labor Standards. All quotes shall be sent to the Contract Specialist, Shawn Lawrence at Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of FAR 13. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The following are the decision factors: Price: Quotes will be compared by price. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the Statement of Work in a timely efficient manner.Â Past Performance The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than 01 May 2026 at 5:00:00 PM EST. All quotes shall be emailed to Shawn Lawrence at Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact: Shawn Lawrence, Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shawn Lawrence
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: and must have access to all necessary proprietary software. The contractor shall maintain the equipment in accordance with the applicable Installation and Operation Manuals. The contractor shall adhere to all individual manufacturer s requirements and instructions for the particulars of scheduled maintenance of the systems/equipment. All contractor personnel and subcontractors that perform scheduled maintenance shall be qualified by the systems/equipment manufacturer where necessary to preserve any warranties on the systems/equipment. The contractor shall provide a written monthly schedule to the Contracting Officer Representatives (COR) for the facility, listing the specific equipment to be serviced during the upcoming period and outlining the individual PM tasks to be completed, including any after-hours service. The contractor shall obtain, provide and install all parts, materials, and supplies necessary to perform PM, and shall be responsible for the cost of same within their base bid amount. Contractor shall use parts supplied by the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) or authorized equal (as stipulated by the manufacturer) when replacing all parts, components, and/or devices for the covered systems. Should the contractor encounter a part in need of replacement, and the direct replacement is no longer available due to obsolescence, the contractor shall replace that part with a new equivalent part. The contractor shall notify the VA when such replacements/modernization occurs. The contractor shall provide labor, material, and equipment necessary to perform routine preventative maintenance and inspections services at the intervals specified. The vendor shall perform all manufacturer recommended routine maintenance on the equipment listed in Attachment A. The vendor shall perform all manufacturer recommended routine maintenance, whether or not included in the list below ENGINE GENERATORS 1. SEMI-ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE NOT RUNNING) Conduct visual check around the generator. Check the engine, radiator, and generator for debris, foreign objects, loose or broken fittings, guards, and components. Repair as necessary. Check the battery s liquids specific gravity, do battery load test, top up\fill if necessary. Maintain electrolyte level, clean batteries if necessary, check for tight connections. Clean battery terminals and lugs. Battery charger- Check for proper operation. Check all V and fan belts to make sure there are no hair line cracks on the belts, replace if cracked or worn. Inspect for worn, broken, or loose belts (alternator, fan, drive, etc.). Check and adjust tension on all V and fan belts. Check coolant level and top up\fill if necessary. Check specific gravity of coolant. Replenish as necessary to maintain manufacturers recommended level and specific gravity of coolant additive. Block heater- Check for proper operation. Maintain 32Â°C (90Â°F) coolant temperature in the block at all times. Check operation and components of water jacket heating system. Engine Crankcase- Check the oil Maintain the oil level between the add and full marks on the engine stopped side of the dipstick. Governor- Check and maintain the oil level (if required). Fuel System- Check for leaks and drain water separator (if equipped). Keep fuel tank full. Check fuel filter indicator (if equipped). Gauges- check the condition of all gauges. Repair or replace any broken gauge. Generator and Control Panel- Visual Inspection- check for loose, broken, or damaged wiring or components. Test fuel day tanks for water. Record water levels in tanks. Drain condensate from exhaust condensate trap. Clean air filter element. Inspect all fuel, oil, and water piping for secure mounting. Inspect exhaust piping and muffler insulation. Inspect crankcase breather tube. Check all control panel indication LED s. 2. SEMI-ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE RUNNING) Turn off the generator circuit breaker and run the generator unloaded for 15 minutes. Check the generator for unusual conditions, such as: excessive vibration, excessive black or white smoke. The following indicators on the control panel also need to be checked and verified while the generator is running: fuel level, oil pressure, water temperature, rpm, voltage, and frequency. With the engine running and the generator circuit breaker open: Jumper water temperature switch Jumper oil pressure switch Jumper coolant low-level switch Press emergency stop push button. Each time the switch is jumpered or the emergency stop button is pressed the engine should stop and the corresponding failure lamp should illuminate. Reset the shut-down mechanisms after each test. Start unit and run with load bank connected for 1 hour at minimum 30% load. 70% preferred. Any generator operating under 30% load must be supplied with a load bank by the Contractor. Frequency (rpm) and generated voltage- check and record readings. NOTE: The operating voltage of a cold (just started) generator will be slightly higher than the operating voltage of a generator that has been under load and warm. The full load voltage of a generator will decrease a maximum of 1% when the generator stabilizes at 100Â°C (212Â°F). Most of the voltage decrease occurs in about 30 minutes. Generally, temperatures of generators stabilize within two hours. Read and record verify all engine and alternator indicators. Check for proper operating oil pressure. Check for proper operating fuel pressure. Check the oil level. Maintain the oil level between the add and full marks on the engine running side of the dipstick. Check exhaust for excessive black or white smoke. (See manufacture s manual) Check turbocharger for vibrations, check for any abnormal noise during operation. Check generator bearing for noise and overheating. Check exhaust manifold, muffler, and piping for leaks and secure mountings. Check fuel day tank for overheating. Leaks and noises- Check for leaks and unusual noises. NOTE: Engine must be stopped before making necessary repairs. Check exhaust backpressure at the Diesel particle filter (Dpf.), if above 24 Inches H20 / 6 kPa, Dpf filters to be removed and cleaned. Or in accordance with the manufacturer s recommendations. 3. SEMI-ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE STOPPED AFTER RUNNING) Inspect engine water, fuel, and oil systems for leaks while engine is hot. Fill out maintenance checklist and report deficiencies. Confirm that circuit breaker is in closed position, and generator is set in automatic. 4. SEMI-ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE NOT RUNNING) Perform complete semi-annual engine not running schedule (Section 4). Change fuel and air filters every 250hrs or once a year whichever is sooner Change coolant filters every 250hrs or once a year whichever is sooner Inspect battery charging Alternator and V belt. Inspect engine and generator wiring harness for wear and damages. Inspect supports and spring isolators for soundness and stability. Inspect unit thoroughly for loose fasteners. Clean radiator air passages and exhaust air ducts. Clean intake louvers and ducts. Inspect unit for corrosion. Remove any corrosion, prime and paint. Inspect fan drive idler pivot arm assembly and shock absorber. Inspect Belt driven fan hub. Take fuel oil samples, analyze and report composition and cleanliness. Take fuel samples, analyze and report composition and cleanliness 5. ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE RUNNING) Perform complete semi-annual Engine running schedule (Section 2). 6. ANNUAL CHECK (ENGINE STOPPED AFTER RUNNING). Perform complete semi-annual Engine stopped after running schedule. (Section 3). Change crankcase oil and filters every 200 hours or once a year, whichever is sooner. Fill out maintenance checklist and report deficiencies. Confirm that circuit breaker is in closed position, and generator is set in automatic. Engine Crankcase Breather- Clean. Engine mounts- Inspect Engine protective devices- Check. Engine speed/timing sensor- Clean/inspect. Engine valve lash- Check. Engine valve rotators- Inspect. Fuel System Primary Filter (Water Separator) Element- Replace. Fuel System secondary filter- Replace. Generator Bearing- Lubricate. Generator Set Vibration- Inspect. Hoses and Clamps- Inspect/Replace. Rotting Rectifier- Check. Starting Motor- Inspect. Water Pump- Inspect. 7. OUT YEAR CHECKS Second Year Checks: Inspect Turbocharger: Inspection to include bearings, seals, exhausts, and air impellers. Change all gasket and seals. Inspect Rotating rectifier: Inspect and clean rotating rectifier per manufacturer s recommendations. If replacement is warranted, provide a written recommendation to the COR for action to include all material and labor. Replace batteries: Replace batteries with minimum Caterpillar Deep Cell batteries per manufacturer s recommendations. Provide two (2) batteries for each generator. Replace cooling system temperature regulators with seals. AUTOMATIC TRANSFER SWITCHES Annual PM Inspection Perform a visual inspection of the automatic transfer switch and its surrounding environment. Vacuum the switch interior to remove any dirt or dust deposits. Wipe all bus bars, insulators, cables, and so forth with a clean dry lint free cloth. Inspect the enclosure, transformer, terminals, terminal boards, and insulators for signs of overheating from internal or external sources. Check for voltage creepage over insulating surface, evident by tracing or carbonization. Check the switch interior carefully for moisture, condensation build up, or signs of any previous wetness. Inspect the switch for any signs of overheating. Check for signs of rodent nesting in the enclosure. Carefully inspect all devices for any visibly worn-out, cracked, or missing parts. Open and close contacts several times to verify they are working properly. Verify that all key interlocks and door interlocking provisions are working properly. Check all bus bar joints and terminal lugs for any pitting, corrosion, or discoloration resulting from high temperatures or subject to high fault conditions. Inspect all insulating material. The scope consists of routine preventative maintenance service and needed repairs to the equipment and associated components. The Contractor is required to inspect and service all equipment in accordance with all manufacturer"s recommendations, prevailing industry standards and codes. Personnel Qualifications- Before assigning employees to start work under the terms of this contract, the Contractor shall ensure that they have the required qualifications and, if applicable, possess the required current and valid professional certifications and licenses in compliance with federal, state, and local environmental requirements and laws. Personnel operating motor vehicles shall have a valid state driver s license and abide by all NH VAMC Healthcare System traffic laws, i.e. hands-free cell phone use while driving, and parking requirements. As part of the quotation, the Contractor shall submit information on the qualifications or certifications for employees and sub-contractors proposed to work on the services of this contract. Journeyman tradespersons shall be licensed for their respective trades in accordance with Federal requirements. Contractor will ensure all certificates, licenses and permits are kept current and valid. All license and certification renewals shall be submitted to the COR annually or as requested. The COR shall track Contractor compliance with any manufacturers and contract warranties and shall maintain on-site records of equipment bearing warranties. The contractor shall provide fully completed worksheets to the COR with sufficient detail concerning each completed task. The contractor will annotate equipment records showing warranted items and warranty expiration dates on all equipment. The contractor shall provide supporting documentation for any warranty claims to the on-site COR. The Government will provide the contractor with all existing warranty documentation at the start of the task order. The contractor shall maintain and inspect all equipment under warranty, without voiding the warranty. An equipment inventory is incorporated into this Site-Specific statement of work. The contractor is responsible for all required routine maintenance of the equipment included in the inventory and as described herein, necessary to ensure proper function of the equipment in accordance with manufacturer s guidelines, applicable standards and codes. Any unscheduled maintenance/repair work shall be performed when authorized by the Contracting Officer CO or COR, in accordance with Government-approved technical instructions and facility priorities. NOTE: unscheduled maintenance does not include routine maintenance. Routine maintenance services must be incorporated within the base bid amount. The CO and COR shall notify and work with the contractor on any additional equipment added or changes to the equipment list for PMs and frequency. The contract will then be modified to address the updated costing to the service agreement. Also, the CO and COR shall notify and work with the contractor to remove the equipment item from coverage because it can no longer be economically maintained or has been removed/replaced from the property. The contract will then be modified to address the updated costing to the service agreement. Item 2 Annual Load Bank Testing. Generators. Perform Annual Load Bank test on the Generators. The contractor shall provide an annual load bank test on all emergency generators at the Medical Center. An annual load bank test to allow the generator engine under a full load for a four-hour period of time. Item 3 Emergency Services (Labor) The contractor shall provide on call services to include labor costs. The vendor will be able to respond to fix issues within two (2) hours. The contractor shall respond within 2 hours for all emergency call backs on the equipment. A 4-hour arrival/commute time to troubleshoot and/or fix/repair upon response from the contractor. Contractor shall provide 80 hours as specified under this line item. Item 4 Materials and Parts (Emergency Repairs and Maintenance) The contractor shall supply parts and materials ($1000 per equipment) as needed for necessary upgrades, replacement, and repairs. If cost exceeds the agreed upon limitation ($1000 per equipment), then a list of repairs required as a result of the inspection will be provided with a cost proposal for the repair within 24 hours to the COR. Repairs shall be completed within 24 hours after the need for repair has been identified by the contractor or by the COR. All repairs shall be in accordance with the equipment manufacturer s requirements and\or applicable laws, regulations, codes, etc. All parts and materials shall be of the original manufacturer s design and specification, or equal thereto. An extension may be granted at the discretion of the COR on a case by case basis. Each request for an extension must include and explanation for the delay, and estimated time of completion, and evidence to clearly show that the contractor has made every effort to repair the system as timely as possible. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS All work shall be completed such that the integrity of the systems is maintained. All work shall be done in accordance with OSHA, EPA regulations, NFPA codes, with particular attention to VA codes, Federal, State, and local regulations throughout the course of this service contract. The Contractor shall submit technician certification/licensure prior to work start. Copies of these are also to be submitted with the completed checklists. The contractor shall submit all necessary safety plans to include, but not limited to; equipment specific Lock-Out Tag Out procedures, Electrical Safety plan and SDS for any chemicals used to the COR for approval prior to working at the Medical Center. Contractor must submit to the COR for review, work sheet/checklist that will be used for performing and documenting maintenance service. Preventive maintenance for Standby generator sets to be performed by a technician or mechanic, who is manufacturer certified to work on Caterpillar and Kohler emergency generators as listed above. All off site calibration of generator components to be performed by an authorized Caterpillar repair location, a calibration certificate for each calibrated component must be issued. The contractor shall schedule all site visits, to include emergencies, with the COR. The contractor shall furnish authentic parts from the equipment manufacturer. The determination of when to replace parts is at the recommendation of the technician, with the COR s concurrence. Additional service charges may be incurred to install parts during scheduled inspections or callbacks as specified in this agreement. The contractor shall operate on the premises during the hours of 0700 and 1630, unless otherwise authorized by the COR. The contractor shall respond within 2 hours for all emergency call backs. A 4-hour arrival/commute time to troubleshoot and/or fix/repair upon response from the contractor. Work sites shall be left in the same manner of cleanliness and order in which they were found. Vendor will provide their own waste disposal, if any. All vendor technicians performing work on site must report to Facility Service in Building 6 to the contractor badge check in/out room to sign in on the contractor log and get a Contractor badge. Badges must be returned, and log signed out prior to departing the premises. Vendor shall then coordinate with the COR prior to performing their work. Personnel must wear the proper personal protective equipment (PPE) at all times. Work done under this project must comply with infection control requirements. The contractor shall receive all deliveries of materials, equipment, tools, or other goods off of station, and bring them to the job site. The Manchester VA shall not accept deliveries for project purposes. Special care will be taken to secure tools and construction equipment. Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS s) must be submitted to the COR for approval for all hazardous materials before they are brought to the work site. End of day cleanup of the work area(s) is mandatory, and all trash shall be bagged and properly disposed of offsite. Contractor vehicles, including those of their employees, are to be parked in the lower level of Lot D. All travel costs associated with performance of this contract are the responsibility of the Contractor and are provided at no additional cost to the government as part of this contract. Travel costs are defined but not limited to time and vehicle costs for personnel in travel to and from job site for all duties outlined in this specification, normal shipping charges on any parts or materials covered by this contract, costs associated with the normal shipping of parts or equipment out for repair that are covered under this contract, etc. DELIVERABLES Contractor shall coordinate with the COR to provide a complete calendar year schedule for scheduled maintenance tasks at the commencement of the contract. Contractor shall provide a prioritized phone support contact list at the commencement of the contract. Submittal of proposed equipment and materials to be used on site for review and approval by the COR. Submittal of Contractor safety plan and lock-out tag-out plan. Submittal of Safety Data Sheets (SDS) shall be provided by the contactor for all chemicals proposed to be brought to the medical center. Chemicals must be approved before they can be located on property. Submittal of proposed maintenance schedule of activities for review and approval by the COR. Submittal of all maintenance reports. Must be submitted within 7 days of service completion date. Reports should include at a minimum: a. Name and contact information for contractor. b. Name of employee performing the work. c. Date of work performed and hours spent. d. Description of the work performed including PMI s and equipment worked on. Detailed report noting any deficiencies found. e. Signature of employee that performed work as well as the COR. f. Bill of Materials (BOM) to include component name, quantity, part #, and assumption of price for any repair material required and material lead time. ATTACHMENTS- Attachment A : Equipment Tables Attachment A: GENERATORS Manufacturer Model Serial Location Caterpillar C15 CA00C15JNAP01424 Bldg. 7- RM G16 Caterpillar C15 CA00C15JNAP01425 Bldg. 7- RM G16 Caterpillar C15 CA00C15JNAP01426 Bldg. 7- RM G16 Kohler D350 2020812 Bldg. 20- Outside MMB Equipment Power Pro 150 SD6150S 1728B10263 Bldg. 3- Outside Automatic Transfer Switches (ATS) Manufacturer Model Serial Location Asco 7000 Series 2156425-001 RE Bldg. 20- NE 103 Asco 7000 Series 2156425-002 RE Bldg. 20- NE 103 Asco 207492RE Bldg. 20- NE 105 Kohler GM52041 N19F083-878 Bldg. 20- NE 103 Kohler GM52041 N18B083-760 Bldg. 20- NE 104 Kohler 274992-001 BLDG 15- D02 Kohler 276347-001 BLDG 15- D02 Kohler 276348-001 BLDG 15- D02 Russelectric 11274-1A BLDG 20- NE 105 Russelectric 11274-1B BLDG 20- NE 104 Russelectric RTS03 38553-6A/B BLDG 7- G16 Russelectric RTS03 38553-7A/B BLDG 7- G16 Westinghouse ATSBP30100BS BLDG 18- 105 Westinghouse ATSBP30100BS BLDG 18- 105 Westinghouse ATSBP30100BS BLDG 18- 105 The contract period of performance is September 1, 2026 to August 31, 2027. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: 718 Smyth Road Manchester, NH Postal Code: 03104 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Oct 2025) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) VAAR 852.219-75, limitations on Subcontracting (NOV 2022). All quoters shall submit the following: Questions: Any questions must be submitted in writing no later than Wednesday 22 April 2026 at 5:00 PM EST. Answers to the questions will be posted by the following week. Site Visit information: A site visit will be held on Tuesday, 21 April 2026 at 1200 PM EST located at the Manchester VAMC. Please contact James Blevins directly (james.blevins3@va.gov; 603-624-4366 Ext. 206462) to schedule attendance. Please note all questions must be submitted to Shawn Lawrence (Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov), prior to Wednesday 22 April 2026 at 5:00 PM EST. No questions will be answered at the site visit. Quote: Offeror shall provide a quote using the Line item table above. Offerors must also provide all applicable labor rates for the solicited services so they can be compared to the applicable wage determination for compliance with the Service Contract Labor Standards. All quotes shall be sent to the Contract Specialist, Shawn Lawrence at Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of FAR 13. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The following are the decision factors: Price: Quotes will be compared by price. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the Statement of Work in a timely efficient manner.Â Past Performance The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than 01 May 2026 at 5:00:00 PM EST. All quotes shall be emailed to Shawn Lawrence at Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact: Shawn Lawrence, Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8eaca2b0a77b4f90a18305ba96b17fd4/view)