---
layout: default
title: DA10--Ambient Scribe Enterprise IDIQ (VA-26-00012979)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5daf9a3ec4e64a81ad3c702fccfd930e
---

# DA10--Ambient Scribe Enterprise IDIQ (VA-26-00012979)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 13:34:04.086-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0056
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Information Ambient Scribe VA-26-00012979 Introduction This Request for Information (RFI) is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered an Invitation for Bid, Request for Quotation or a Request for Proposal. Additionally, there is no obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services described in this RFI. Your response to this RFI will be treated only as information for the Government to consider. You will not be entitled to payment for direct or indirect costs that you incur in responding to this RFI. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter into negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated or received for this effort. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to pay for the information submitted in response to this RFI. The scope of work is to provide a Commercial-Off-the-Shelf (COTS), cloud-based, ambient scribe solution to transcribe clinical encounters, generate notes, and other AI advanced functionalities to improve the efficiency of medical care utilizing a Software as a Service (SaaS) delivery model with AI techniques and technologies. This tool shall integrate with the Veterans Affairs (VA) Electronic Health Record (EHR) systems and workflows so providers can initiate encounter recordings. This mitigates the needs for manual entry of patient identifying information and enables automatic insertion of draft notes into EHR. The ambient dictation system shall run passively on Government equipment or personal equipment managed under VA s Bring Your Own Device program during clinical encounters and generate draft clinical documentation following the encounter in near real-time with a maximum limit of two minutes. The system should work in a variety of clinical settings, including those with poor wireless signals, poor cellular data, and in a variety of room sizes and setups. Providers shall have the opportunity to edit any AI generated material prior to signing it in the EHR. The tool shall be integrated with the EHR and workflows such that providers can conduct pre-charting, initiate encounter recording without manual entry of patient identifying information, and draft notes can be automatically inserted into the EHR without copy and paste manual effort. The base period of performance will include system integration and implementation of all AI Scribe Capabilities identified in the base license. 2. Submittal Information: All responsible sources may submit a response in accordance with the information below. There is a page limitation for this RFI of 10 pages. The Government will not review any other information or attachments included, that are in excess of the 10-page limit. NO MARKETING MATERIALS ARE ALLOWED AS PART OF THIS RFI. Generic capability statements will not be accepted or reviewed. Your response must address capabilities specific to the services required in the attached PWS and must include the following: Interested Vendors shall at a minimum provide the following information in the initial paragraph of the submission: Company Name: Point of Contact: Unique Entity Identifier (UEI): Cage Code: Recommended NAICS: Socio-economic Category: Provide a summary of your capability to meet the requirements contained within the draft PWS for the following areas: Provide a summary of your technical capability to meet the PWS requirements. Describe your company s readiness to deploy within a FedRAMP compliant environment. Note: When a future RFP is released, the proposed clinical ambient scribe product needs to have already been deployed/implemented successfully in a healthcare clinical setting, and currently being used to deliver patient care. Describe your company s direct experience in deploying AI solutions that support healthcare delivery in real-time? What is the company s level of experience in the private and public health sectors, and federal in the US and/or internationally? Please explain. NOTE: The Government is only considering healthcare experience at this time. Briefly outline how your organization intends to resource, and partner with other companies to meet the PWS requirements. If your organization already meets the requirements of the PWS (either public/private/federal sector), briefly outline how it is currently resourcing and partnering with other companies. If you are a large business, are there any subcontracting opportunities for small businesses? If so, identify the small business. If your organization has an existing Federal Supply Schedule, Government-wide acquisition contract, multi-agency contract, and any other procurement instrument intended for use by multiple agencies, please provide a copy for VA reference. What is your recommendation for contract type based on the scope of the PWS? Has the draft PWS provided sufficient detail to describe the technical requirements? If NO , please provide your technical comments/recommendations on elements of the draft PWS that may contribute to a more accurate proposal submission and efficient, cost-effective effort. Responses are due no later than 10:00 AM EST, Friday, November 7, 2025 via email to Brandon Caltabilota, Contract Specialist at Brandon.Caltabilota@va.gov and Nicole Beall, Contracting Officer at Nicole.Beall@va.gov. Please note RFI Ambient Scribe in the subject line of your response. Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information is considered business sensitive. The email file size shall not exceed 5 MB. NOTE: Technical questions may be submitted as part of your response, however questions directed to the customer are prohibited.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brandon Caltabilota
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Brandon.Caltabilota@va.gov
  - Phone: 848-377-5177

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5daf9a3ec4e64a81ad3c702fccfd930e/view)