---
layout: default
title: Stratasys EC HWM
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4f072fdaa31e49229d4c46cd61cd8684
---

# Stratasys EC HWM

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 12:10:34.187-04
- Solicitation Number: N0017826Q6685

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION #: N0017826Q6685 Submitted by: Susan Madison NAICS Code: 811310 FSC/PSC Code: J066 Anticipated Date to be published in SAM.gov: 19 March 2026 Anticipated Closing Date: 27 March 2026 Contracts POC Name: Susan Madison Telephone#: (540) 613-3296 Email Address: susan.h.madison.civ@us.navy.mil PSC/FSC Code and Description: J066-Maint/repair/rebuild of Equipment-Instruments and Laboratory Equipment Basis for award: X Brand Name or Equal - FAR 6.103-1(d) __ Sole Source - FAR 6.103-1(b) __ Full and Open - FAR 6.101 __ Total Small Business Set Aside - FAR 19.104-1 This requirement is not eligible for small business set-aside. Material must be TAA Compliant. Please identify place of manufacturer on your quote. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items or service prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12 using the publicizing requirements of FAR Part 5.This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotations are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Synopsis/Solicitation N0017826Q6685 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The provisions and clauses incorporated in this solicitation are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulation and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as of the date of issuance and are included in the attached SF 1449. For commercial acquisitions using simplified procedures under FAR Part 12, Buy American applies unless the value exceeds the applicable Trade Agreements threshold, in which case Trade Agreements apply. The Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division (NSWCDD) intends to procure service as follows: to acquire reference (a) for F370 Emerald Care Printer Maintenance, part number SC-FDM00151-R, for a quantity of one (1) each 3-D printing device, Serial Number D32991, manufactured by Stratasys, Ltd. for 12 months of support with four (4) optional 12-months periods to follow. The period of support is requested to begin on 1 November 2026 as the current maintenance agreement will end on 31 October 2026. The requested base support service represents the minimum requirements of the Government. See the attached Requirements List. Stratasys, LTD. is located in Eden Prairie, Minnesota. This printer supports additive manufacturing capabilities using three-dimensional Computer Aided Design (CAD) data. The Division produces components with extremely complex geometries using these printers, and no other equipment onsite provides the capability of these this printer. The maintenance of this equipment is required to accurately produce detailed prototypes. The constant use of this equipment will wear down and burn out the parts and mechanical components. The support service must be compatible (form, fit, and function) with the current equipment installed. Proprietary rights limit competition. Utilizing a different brand and/or manufacturer would require redesigns, additional tests, safety measures, and set the Government’s progress back more than four years and would cost the Government and an estimated 700 direct productive person hours for personnel training, conversion of existing CAD files, researching new equipment capable of meeting requirements, installation of new equipment, and writing of new standard operating procedures. All costs associated with this requirement must be included in the quoted price. This includes shipping and freight to Dahlgren, VA 22448-5114 as well as any tariff or duty charges. No additional costs may be added after award. Where applicable, DFARS 252.225-7013, Duty-Free Entry, will be incorporated. The Government will utilize Simplified Acquisition Procedures, and the order will be issued on a firm fixed-price basis. All responsible offerors shall submit a quotation in response to this solicitation. By submission of a quotation, the offeror represents compliance with the applicable representations and certifications, which are incorporated by reference and completed in the System for Award Management (SAM), as applicable. Submission of a quotation shall constitute the offeror’s unconditional agreement to the terms and conditions of this solicitation. The offeror shall provide documentation from the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) confirming the offeror is an authorized reseller or distributor of the brand-name item(s) quoted. Quotations submitted without such documentation may not be considered for award. Quotations that take exception to the terms and conditions of this solicitation may be rejected. Offerors are encouraged to submit published pricing, historical pricing data, or other information to support the Government’s price analysis and determination of fair and reasonable pricing. Quotes will only be accepted from authorized re-sellers who have provided a Letter of Authorization. Award will be made on a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable basis. In order to be eligible for award, firms must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Offerors may obtain information on registration in SAM by calling 866-606-8220, or via the Internet at https://www.sam.gov. Please return a signed copy of the SF1449 with your quote. Proposal is due by 27 March 2026, no later than 12:00 p.m. EST with an anticipated award date by 25 April 2026. Questions regarding this requirement may be submitted vial email prior to 25 March 2026 @ 9 a.m. EST. Responses regarding this synopsis/solicitation may be submitted by e-mail to susan.h.madison.civ@us.navy.mil prior to the RFQ closing. Email should reference Synopsis/Solicitation Number N0017826Q6685 in the subject line. Attachments – -SF1449: N0017826Q6685 Solicitation/Contract/Order for Commercial Items -Requirements List

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Susan Madison
  - Email: susan.h.madison.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 5406133296

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4f072fdaa31e49229d4c46cd61cd8684/view)