---
layout: default
title: SPE60525R02200001 Amendment 0001 SOLICITATION: SPE605-25-R-0220 0001 (HAWAII, POSTS, CAMPS & STATIONS (PC&S) PP 3.10)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 617fb79ceace4d0d83ac9962917dfeef
---

# SPE60525R02200001 Amendment 0001 SOLICITATION: SPE605-25-R-0220 0001 (HAWAII, POSTS, CAMPS & STATIONS (PC&S) PP 3.10)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 16:12:54.644-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE60525R02200001

## Summary

Offerors must acknowledge receipt of this amendment by filling out block 8, and signing and dating blocks 15A, 15B, and 15C (on page 1), and submit in the DLA Energy PC&S Offer Entry Tool (OET). RFP SPE605-25-R-0220 Amendment 0001 is being issued to close out the question and answer (Q&A) period with an end date and time of December 15, 2025 at 8:00 AM; Eastern Standard Time, Fort Belvoir, VA, as well as provide all questions and answers provided during the Q&A period. VENDOR QUESTIONS and ANSWERS PROVIDED 1) Question: Are Small Businesses required to submit Attachment M - Small Business Subcontracting Plan from (Dec 23)? Answer: No, only Large Businesses are required to submit Attachment M - Small Business Subcontracting Plan 2) Question: Is the Tank Capacity reflected on each line item the capacity per tank? Or the overall capacity on site? Answer: The Tank Capacity reflected on each line item is the capacity per tank. 3) Question: Line item 0028 reflects “Special note - no longer used,” please elaborate on if this site is being used or the space is no longer being used for comment. Answer: Line item 0028 statement "Special note - no longer used" is referring that Special Notes no longer apply to Line item 0028. 4) Question: Line item 0062 shows a marker for premium gasoline but no further site details, was this intentional? Answer: The full line item details for Line item 0062 are located in Attachment A - Schedule. Line item 0062 reflects the following: NSN Delivery Identification State 9130-01-686-0488 (EFM) CDGNMCPNCA - NATIONAL MEMORIAL CEMETERY HI GASOLINE,ETHANOL FREE Delivery Address: 2177 Puowaina Dr Honolulu HI 96813 Service Code Delivery DODAAC Ordering Office DODAAC VA 369202 369202 Mode Receipt % Max Parcel Min Parcel FOB Restriction TANK WAGON No. of Tanks Capacity Type Tank Location 1 500 ABOVE GROUND TANK(S) MAINTENANCE FACILITY Delivery Hours: 8:00AM - 2:00PM MONDAY - FRIDAY CLOSED US FEDERAL HOLIDAYS Delivery Notes: Customer requesting ETHANOL FREE GASOLINE, only. Amount and delivery of fuel is on an as-needed basis. 5) Question: Are we able to bid for Solicitation by Island only? Answer: In accordance with 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Product and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) Line items will be evaluated and awarded individually. 6) Question: What is the process for a hauler to get a permit to deliver on to military bases? Answer: Upon award base points of contact will be provided and the hauler would need to register their drivers with the pass and ID office for the applicable base, if required the base will issue the necessary permits. 7) Question: May 1, 2025 is considered a holiday (non-trade day) for the index. Should the base price be considered the preceding trade date of April 30, 2025 in Attachment D, section E or should that be marked as “N/A (Trade Holiday) Answer: If referring to the publishing holiday for Platts Singapore prices on 5/1/25. The recommended escalators in Attachment C, Attachment B, and Attachment N would not be affected because Singapore prices are not being used. If Singapore prices are being used as alternate escalators, the last available price prior to 5/1 (4/30) would be the effective base reference price. 8) Question: The escalated rates on this Attachment C: Hawaii Govt Preferred BRP Indexes and Escalators show a date of May 1, 2025. Is there going to be an Amendment with updated rates? The index says it is updated every quarter but almost two quarters have passed since May 1. Answer: No, the Escalator Base Reference Date will remain on May 1, 2025. The recommended escalators in Attachment C, Attachment B, and Attachment N are daily escalators. Once contract performance begins, the prices will fluctuate daily based on the escalator. 9) Question: The Base Reference Price column is showing a price as of date of May 1, 2025 and the Name of the Escalator is a California Entity. Is there going to be an Amendment showing prices that are relevant to Hawaii? While CA tends to be the highest CONUS, the rates are still below those in Hawaii. Answer: We do not have access to published prices in Hawaii. Any premium accounting for the difference between the published prices and the vendor's costs should be incorporated into the contractor's differential. Refer to Attachment D - Alt Escalator Posting History Instruction Worksheet, Attachment E - Alt Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet, and SUPPLIMENT REQUIREMENTS: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED for instructions on submitting alternate escalators for solicitation SPE60525R0220. 10) Question: Who fills out Attachment E - Alternate Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet for alternate escalators and how is it filled out? Answer: If the offeror is choosing to submit Alternate Escalator(s), the offeror is responsible for obtaining information and submitting the 12-month price history in Attachment E - Alternate Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet. The offeror can fill out Attachment E themselves or a supplier fill it out. For instructions on submitting alternate escalators and filling out Attachment E, refer to Attachment D - Alternate Escalator Posting History Instruction Worksheet and SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED. In reference to page 122 on the original solicitation posted SPE60525R0220 on SAM.gov, SECTION M SUPPLEMENTS, SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED the only change is the Formula title and attachment titles from: "M3.02 Formula: Required fill in attachments for M3.02 1. Attachment D - Posting History Instructions-Worksheet 2. Attachment E - Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet" In reference to page 122 on the original solicitation SPE60525R0220 posted on SAM.gov, the Formula example listed remains unchanged in SECTION M SUPPLEMENTS, SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED. SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED the only change is the Formula title and attachment titles to: "SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED Formula Required fill in attachments for SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED 1. Attachment D - Alternate Escalator Posting History Instructions-Worksheet 2. Attachment E - Alternate Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet" 11) Question: Who do we contact for AMPS account questions? Answer: In reference to PROPOSALS Section D. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT AND PROVISIONING SYSTEM (AMPS), the AMPS Help Desk contact information has changed from: "If you experience trouble registering or if additional assistance is needed, please send an email to the DLA Enterprise Help Desk at DLAEnterpriseHelpDesk@dla.mil or call toll free (844) 347-2457 and select the option for assistance with AMPS." PROPOSALS Section D. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT AND PROVISIONING SYSTEM (AMPS), the AMPS Help Desk contact information has changed to: "If you experience trouble registering or if additional assistance is needed, please send an email to the DLA Energy Direct Delivery Tech Team at DESCDirectDeliveryTechTeam@dla.mil."

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hannah Savine
  - Email: hannah.r.savine@dla.mil
  - Phone: 5718371653
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kimberly Binns
  - Email: kimberly.binns@dla.mil
  - Phone: 5717679519

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Small Business Subcontracting Plan from (Dec 23)? Answer: No, only Large Businesses are required to submit Attachment M - Small Business Subcontracting Plan 2) Question: Is the Tank Capacity reflected on each line item the capacity per tank? Or the overall capacity on site? Answer: The Tank Capacity reflected on each line item is the capacity per tank. 3) Question: Line item 0028 reflects “Special note - no longer used,” please elaborate on if this site is being used or the space is no longer being used for comment. Answer: Line item 0028 statement "Special note - no longer used" is referring that Special Notes no longer apply to Line item 0028. 4) Question: Line item 0062 shows a marker for premium gasoline but no further site details, was this intentional? Answer: The full line item details for Line item 0062 are located in Attachment A - Schedule. Line item 0062 reflects the following: NSN Delivery Identification State 9130-01-686-0488 (EFM) CDGNMCPNCA - NATIONAL MEMORIAL CEMETERY HI GASOLINE,ETHANOL FREE Delivery Address: 2177 Puowaina Dr Honolulu HI 96813 Service Code Delivery DODAAC Ordering Office DODAAC VA 369202 369202 Mode Receipt % Max Parcel Min Parcel FOB Restriction TANK WAGON No. of Tanks Capacity Type Tank Location 1 500 ABOVE GROUND TANK(S) MAINTENANCE FACILITY Delivery Hours: 8:00AM - 2:00PM MONDAY - FRIDAY CLOSED US FEDERAL HOLIDAYS Delivery Notes: Customer requesting ETHANOL FREE GASOLINE, only. Amount and delivery of fuel is on an as-needed basis. 5) Question: Are we able to bid for Solicitation by Island only? Answer: In accordance with 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Product and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) Line items will be evaluated and awarded individually. 6) Question: What is the process for a hauler to get a permit to deliver on to military bases? Answer: Upon award base points of contact will be provided and the hauler would need to register their drivers with the pass and ID office for the applicable base, if required the base will issue the necessary permits. 7) Question: May 1, 2025 is considered a holiday (non-trade day) for the index. Should the base price be considered the preceding trade date of April 30, 2025 in Attachment D, section E or should that be marked as “N/A (Trade Holiday) Answer: If referring to the publishing holiday for Platts Singapore prices on 5/1/25. The recommended escalators in Attachment C, Attachment B, and Attachment N would not be affected because Singapore prices are not being used. If Singapore prices are being used as alternate escalators, the last available price prior to 5/1 (4/30) would be the effective base reference price. 8) Question: The escalated rates on this Attachment C: Hawaii Govt Preferred BRP Indexes and Escalators show a date of May 1, 2025. Is there going to be an Amendment with updated rates? The index says it is updated every quarter but almost two quarters have passed since May 1. Answer: No, the Escalator Base Reference Date will remain on May 1, 2025. The recommended escalators in Attachment C, Attachment B, and Attachment N are daily escalators. Once contract performance begins, the prices will fluctuate daily based on the escalator. 9) Question: The Base Reference Price column is showing a price as of date of May 1, 2025 and the Name of the Escalator is a California Entity. Is there going to be an Amendment showing prices that are relevant to Hawaii? While CA tends to be the highest CONUS, the rates are still below those in Hawaii. Answer: We do not have access to published prices in Hawaii. Any premium accounting for the difference between the published prices and the vendor"s costs should be incorporated into the contractor"s differential. Refer to Attachment D - Alt Escalator Posting History Instruction Worksheet, Attachment E - Alt Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet, and SUPPLIMENT REQUIREMENTS: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED for instructions on submitting alternate escalators for solicitation SPE60525R0220. 10) Question: Who fills out Attachment E - Alternate Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet for alternate escalators and how is it filled out? Answer: If the offeror is choosing to submit Alternate Escalator(s), the offeror is responsible for obtaining information and submitting the 12-month price history in Attachment E - Alternate Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet. The offeror can fill out Attachment E themselves or a supplier fill it out. For instructions on submitting alternate escalators and filling out Attachment E, refer to Attachment D - Alternate Escalator Posting History Instruction Worksheet and SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED. In reference to page 122 on the original solicitation posted SPE60525R0220 on SAM.gov, SECTION M SUPPLEMENTS, SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED the only change is the Formula title and attachment titles from: "M3.02 Formula: Required fill in attachments for M3.02 1. Attachment D - Posting History Instructions-Worksheet 2. Attachment E - Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet" In reference to page 122 on the original solicitation SPE60525R0220 posted on SAM.gov, the Formula example listed remains unchanged in SECTION M SUPPLEMENTS, SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED. SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED the only change is the Formula title and attachment titles to: "SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED Formula Required fill in attachments for SUPPLEMENT: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED 1. Attachment D - Alternate Escalator Posting History Instructions-Worksheet 2. Attachment E - Alternate Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet" 11) Question: Who do we contact for AMPS account questions? Answer: In reference to PROPOSALS Section D. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT AND PROVISIONING SYSTEM (AMPS), the AMPS Help Desk contact information has changed from: "If you experience trouble registering or if additional assistance is needed, please send an email to the DLA Enterprise Help Desk at DLAEnterpriseHelpDesk@dla.mil or call toll free (844) 347-2457 and select the option for assistance with AMPS." PROPOSALS Section D. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT AND PROVISIONING SYSTEM (AMPS), the AMPS Help Desk contact information has changed to: "If you experience trouble registering or if additional assistance is needed, please send an email to the DLA Energy Direct Delivery Tech Team at DESCDirectDeliveryTechTeam@dla.mil."

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/617fb79ceace4d0d83ac9962917dfeef/view)