---
layout: default
title: Willamette NF, McKenzie River RD 2026 Spring Tree Planting
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 94f7df0572a041979476b1648329528b
---

# Willamette NF, McKenzie River RD 2026 Spring Tree Planting

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 19:31:47.986-04
- Solicitation Number: 1240BE26Q0042

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1240BE26Q0042 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) Project: Willamette NF, McKenzie River RD 2026 Spring Tree Planting The North American Industry Classification Standard (NAICS) code is 115310 – Support Activities for Forestry and the Small Business Size Standard is $11.5 million. This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the Agency. This solicitation incorporates Provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of Provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. Award Type: It is anticipated that a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order will be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The Government intends to make one award from this solicitation. Therefore, to be considered responsive, contractors must submit pricing for all items. Statement of Requirement: The Contractor shall furnish all technical expertise, labor, equipment, supervision, transportation, operating supplies, services, permits, licenses, and credentials necessary to complete the planting of an estimated 162,480 seedlings on 892 acres. All aspects of the work shall be performed in an organized, systematic, and safe manner to assure services will be performed over the entire project area. See Attachment 3 – Performance Work Statement for further information. Schedule of Items – Pricing (See Attachment 2): Complete the Schedule of Items with quoter’s business information and pricing. Base Items are a planned purchase. Items 0001-0014: Unit price is per Seedling Item 1015: Unit price is per Mile. Quantity is an estimate. Approved walk-ins for actual miles shall be paid. Location: All units are located on the McKenzie River Ranger District. These units are located within the Holiday Farm and Lookout Fire footprints. Conditions vary from unit to unit. Willamette National Forest’s Motorized Vehicle Use Map Website: https://www.fs.usda.gov/r06/willamette/maps-guides/motor-vehicle-use-map-mvum All units are within ¼ miles of Forest roads. Road conditions may vary due to snow and mud. Four-wheel drive vehicles and/or tire chains are recommended. Driving Directions: MENACE UNITS 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 & 9 – Access Directions Starting point: Springfield, OR Travel east on OR?126 for 37.8 miles. Turn onto 2618000 Quartz Creek Road. Continue on 2618, staying right, for 0.4 miles to the 2618305 Pond Road junction. Take 2618305 for 1.3 miles to junction 2618307 Ennis Creek Road. Follow 2618307 to reach Menace Units 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 9. BEAGLE UNIT 7 & UNIT 5 & UNIT 8 – Access Directions Starting point: Springfield, OR Travel east on OR?126 for 47.3 miles. Turn onto 2633000 Mill Creek Road. Continue on 2633000 for 1.03 miles to junction 2633700. Take 2633700 for 0.93 miles to the gated 2633701 road. BEAGLE UNITS 9 and 10 – Access Directions Starting point: Springfield, OR Travel east on OR?126 for 48.6 miles. Turn onto 2654000 Deer Creek Road. Continue on 2654000 for 1.01 miles to the gated 2654782 road. Proceed on 2654782 for 0.5 miles to reach Beagle Unit 9. Continue on 2654000 for 5.6 miles then turn left on 2654700 for 2.2 miles, then turn left and travel 3.6 miles on 2654705 to reach Beagle Unit 10. Inaccessibility due to snow, fallen trees, slides or washouts on roads may or may not be corrected at the option of the Government. If road access is blocked, the Government may: (1) suspend work, (2) compensate the Contractor for walk-in distances at the predetermined rate, (3) delete the inaccessible subitems, (4) substitute similar subitems. Roads shown on unit maps indicate access to units only; they do not imply the roads are open within units or for any further travel. In the case of walk-ins due to road conditions, contractors are permitted to use ATVs or snowmobiles along roads as permitted by the Willamette National Forest’s Motorized Vehicle Use Map with adherence to local and state requirements for vehicle operation. Use of motorized equipment other than handheld equipment such as power saws and brush cutters will not be permitted off designated roads in the project area without approval of the Contracting Officer or as hereinafter provided. Unit boundaries are 100% virtual. The Government will provide georeferenced .pdf maps, or shapefiles (if requested), for all units. The Contractor is required to furnish GPS device(s) compatible with .pdf format georeferenced maps and capable of better than 30ft accuracy. The Contractor may choose to identify unit boundaries with flagging before or during planting work. Flagging for the purpose of boundary identification must be furnished by the Contractor and flagging color must be approved by COR prior to use. Site Visit: The quoter is advised to visit the worksites to determine site conditions prior to submitting a quote. The quoter is responsible for determining the amount of work. Some areas may be inaccessible due to locked gates, down trees or other impediments. Site Visit Contact: Shadie Nimer by phone (541-822-7271) or email (shadie.nimer@usda.gov) to arrange a site visit. Estimated Start Work Date: March 31, 2026 Period of Performance: March 31, 2026, through May 1, 2026 (This is a potential work range. The Performance Time shall be followed). Performance Time: 1 day (including weekends) per 50 acres of work. Quoters must have the capacity (crew availability, open calendar) to start the week of March 30th, no exceptions. Licensing: US Forest Service Region 6 requires the Contractor have the necessary licensing and certificates for Labor Intensive Service Contract (LISC) work. Offerors shall submit copies of their US Dept. of Labor MSPA Certificate of Registration, their Oregon BOLI license, and Temporary Employment Certificate if using H2B workers (if applicable), along with their quote to be considered for award. Include the same documentation for Subcontractors. Submission of Quotes To respond to this quote, email the following documents: 1) Attachment 2 – Schedule of Items, 2)Your written response to the Evaluation Factors. Adobe Acrobat or Word documents accepted. Failure to respond to evaluation factors will result in exclusion from the evaluation. 3) Licensing: MPSA, BOLI, H2B Certificates 4) Licensing Statements page (with yellow highlights) 5) Attachment 12 SF-1449 Sign Blocks 17a and 30a,b, and c QUOTES ARE DUE no later than March 25, 2026, 2 p.m. PT. Email quote package to:paula.winningham@usda.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Paula S. Winningham
  - Email: paula.winningham@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Performance Work Statement for further information. Schedule of Items – Pricing (See Attachment 2): Complete the Schedule of Items with quoter’s business information and pricing. Base Items are a planned purchase. Items 0001-0014: Unit price is per Seedling Item 1015: Unit price is per Mile. Quantity is an estimate. Approved walk-ins for actual miles shall be paid. Location: All units are located on the McKenzie River Ranger District. These units are located within the Holiday Farm and Lookout Fire footprints. Conditions vary from unit to unit. Willamette National Forest’s Motorized Vehicle Use Map Website: https://www.fs.usda.gov/r06/willamette/maps-guides/motor-vehicle-use-map-mvum All units are within ¼ miles of Forest roads. Road conditions may vary due to snow and mud. Four-wheel drive vehicles and/or tire chains are recommended. Driving Directions: MENACE UNITS 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 & 9 – Access Directions Starting point: Springfield, OR Travel east on OR?126 for 37.8 miles. Turn onto 2618000 Quartz Creek Road. Continue on 2618, staying right, for 0.4 miles to the 2618305 Pond Road junction. Take 2618305 for 1.3 miles to junction 2618307 Ennis Creek Road. Follow 2618307 to reach Menace Units 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 9. BEAGLE UNIT 7 & UNIT 5 & UNIT 8 – Access Directions Starting point: Springfield, OR Travel east on OR?126 for 47.3 miles. Turn onto 2633000 Mill Creek Road. Continue on 2633000 for 1.03 miles to junction 2633700. Take 2633700 for 0.93 miles to the gated 2633701 road. BEAGLE UNITS 9 and 10 – Access Directions Starting point: Springfield, OR Travel east on OR?126 for 48.6 miles. Turn onto 2654000 Deer Creek Road. Continue on 2654000 for 1.01 miles to the gated 2654782 road. Proceed on 2654782 for 0.5 miles to reach Beagle Unit 9. Continue on 2654000 for 5.6 miles then turn left on 2654700 for 2.2 miles, then turn left and travel 3.6 miles on 2654705 to reach Beagle Unit 10. Inaccessibility due to snow, fallen trees, slides or washouts on roads may or may not be corrected at the option of the Government. If road access is blocked, the Government may: (1) suspend work, (2) compensate the Contractor for walk-in distances at the predetermined rate, (3) delete the inaccessible subitems, (4) substitute similar subitems. Roads shown on unit maps indicate access to units only; they do not imply the roads are open within units or for any further travel. In the case of walk-ins due to road conditions, contractors are permitted to use ATVs or snowmobiles along roads as permitted by the Willamette National Forest’s Motorized Vehicle Use Map with adherence to local and state requirements for vehicle operation. Use of motorized equipment other than handheld equipment such as power saws and brush cutters will not be permitted off designated roads in the project area without approval of the Contracting Officer or as hereinafter provided. Unit boundaries are 100% virtual. The Government will provide georeferenced .pdf maps, or shapefiles (if requested), for all units. The Contractor is required to furnish GPS device(s) compatible with .pdf format georeferenced maps and capable of better than 30ft accuracy. The Contractor may choose to identify unit boundaries with flagging before or during planting work. Flagging for the purpose of boundary identification must be furnished by the Contractor and flagging color must be approved by COR prior to use. Site Visit: The quoter is advised to visit the worksites to determine site conditions prior to submitting a quote. The quoter is responsible for determining the amount of work. Some areas may be inaccessible due to locked gates, down trees or other impediments. Site Visit Contact: Shadie Nimer by phone (541-822-7271) or email (shadie.nimer@usda.gov) to arrange a site visit. Estimated Start Work Date: March 31, 2026 Period of Performance: March 31, 2026, through May 1, 2026 (This is a potential work range. The Performance Time shall be followed). Performance Time: 1 day (including weekends) per 50 acres of work. Quoters must have the capacity (crew availability, open calendar) to start the week of March 30th, no exceptions. Licensing: US Forest Service Region 6 requires the Contractor have the necessary licensing and certificates for Labor Intensive Service Contract (LISC) work. Offerors shall submit copies of their US Dept. of Labor MSPA Certificate of Registration, their Oregon BOLI license, and Temporary Employment Certificate if using H2B workers (if applicable), along with their quote to be considered for award. Include the same documentation for Subcontractors. Submission of Quotes To respond to this quote, email the following documents: 1) Attachment 2 – Schedule of Items, 2)Your written response to the Evaluation Factors. Adobe Acrobat or Word documents accepted. Failure to respond to evaluation factors will result in exclusion from the evaluation. 3) Licensing: MPSA, BOLI, H2B Certificates 4) Licensing Statements page (with yellow highlights) 5) Attachment 12 SF-1449 Sign Blocks 17a and 30a,b, and c QUOTES ARE DUE no later than March 25, 2026, 2 p.m. PT. Email quote package to:paula.winningham@usda.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/94f7df0572a041979476b1648329528b/view)