---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice for Infrared Optical Spectrum Analyzer
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 33ce38efa5db437e93537bd9e213f19d
---

# Sources Sought Notice for Infrared Optical Spectrum Analyzer

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 16:22:11.657-04
- Solicitation Number: NIST-SS26-93

## Summary

The purpose of this sources sought notice is to conduct market research and identify potential sources of commercial products/services that satisfy the Government’s anticipated needs. As part of a new NIST SERI program to advance measurement science for illicit drug identification and quantification under the TRANQ Research Act, the Sensor Science Division is developing new infrared drug sensors based on metamaterials. These metamaterial sensors rely on detection at infrared wavelengths spanning 1 mm to 5.6 mm (or greater) for spectroscopic detection of drug molecules. For benchmarking the performance of the sensor, an infrared optical spectrum analyzer is required for characterizing metamaterial sensor spectral response. The contractor shall provide an infrared optical spectrum analyzer (OSA) that must have continuous spectral coverage over the 1 mm to 5.6 mm wavelength range at high spectral resolution (2 GHz or better). This OSA must have both fiber and free space input options and a low noise floor of -85 dBm or better. This specification is necessary for both characterization of the metamaterial sensor and spectroscopic detection of drug molecules. NIST anticipates procuring a Optical Spectrum Analyzer (OSA) and is seeking information from manufacturers capable of meeting the following needs: Infrared optical spectrum analyzer requirements: Continuous wavelength coverage from 1 to 5.6 mm or greater Detection sensitivity (noise floor) of -85 dBm or better over the full wavelength range Spectral resolution of 2 GHz or better Spectral accuracy of 1 ppm or better Spectral precision of 1 ppm or better Optical rejection ratio of 40 dB or better Frequency-locked reference laser for interferometer Alignment laser for free-space alignment Air purging option for removal of water Software to communicate with computer Software development kit (SDK) for python, Labview NIST is seeking information from sources that may be capable of providing a solution that will achieve the objectives described above. HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS NOTICE In responding to this notice, please DO NOT PROVIDE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Please include only the following information, readable in either Microsoft Word 365, Microsoft Excel 365, or .pdf format, in the response: Submit the response by email to the Primary Point of Contact and, if specified, to the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice as soon as possible, and preferably before the closing date and time of this notice. Please note that to be considered for award under any official solicitation, the entity must be registered and “active” in SAM at the time of solicitation response. Provide the complete name of your company, address, name of contact for follow-up questions, their email, their phone number and, if your company has an active registration in https://sam.gov, your company’s Unique Entity ID (UEI). Identify the equipment that your company sells that can meet the objectives addressed in the BACKGROUND section of this notice. For each product recommended to meet the Government’s requirement, provide the following: Manufacturer name Model number Technical specifications If your company is not the manufacturer, provide information on your company’s status as an authorized reseller of the product(s) Describe performance capabilities of the product(s) your company recommends to meet the Government’s requirements. Additionally, if there are other features or functions that you believe would assist NIST in meeting its objectives described above, please discuss in your response. Discuss whether the equipment that your company sells and which you describe in your response to this notice may be customized to specifications and indicate any limits to customization. Identify any aspects of the NIST market research notice, including instructions, and draft minimum specifications in the BACKGROUND section you cannot meet and state why. Please offer suggestions for how the market research notice and draft minimum specifications could be made more competitive. State whether the proposed equipment is manufactured in the United States and, if not, state the name of the country where the equipment is manufactured. Identify any plans/possibilities for changes in manufacturing location of the aforementioned equipment and provide relevant details, including timeline. For the NAICS code listed in this notice: Indicate whether your company is (a) a small business or (b) other than small business. See the Table of Small Business Size Standards and the associated .pdf download file for small business size standards and additional information. If you believe the NAICS code listed in this notice is not the best NAICS code for the type of product addressed in this notice, identify an alternative NAICS code that you believe would be more appropriate for the planned procurement. Describe services that are available with the purchase of the aforementioned equipment from your company such as installation, training, and equipment maintenance. Describe standard terms and conditions of sale offered by your company for the recommended equipment such as: delivery time after your company accepts the order; FOB shipping terms; manufacturer warranty (including details regarding nature and duration); if available, description(s) of available extended warranty; equipment setup and test; operator and service instruction manual(s); cleanup after installation; and if applicable, other offered services. Provide a copy of manufacturer standard terms and conditions that typically relate to the sale of the specified equipment, if available. State whether your company offers facility renovation services related to installation of the recommended equipment at its delivery destination, if required per the NIST-identified minimum specifications, and provide description of said services. Indicate if your company performs the facility renovation services or typically subcontracts the work to another company. Indicate if your company would be interested in inspecting the intended installation site during the market research phase. State published price, discount, or rebate arrangements for recommended equipment and/or provide link to access company’s published prices for equipment and services. If the recommended equipment and related services are available for purchase on any existing Federal Supply Schedule contract(s) or other contracts against which NIST may be able to place orders, identify the contract number(s) and other relevant information. Identify any customers in the public or private sectors to which you provided the recommended or similar equipment. Include customer(s) information: company name, phone number, point of contact, email address. Provide any other information that you believe would be valuable for NIST to know as part of its market research for this requirement. State if you require NIST to provide additional information to improve your understanding of the government’s requirement and/or would like to meet with NIST representatives to discuss the requirement and the capabilities of the identified equipment. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE Questions regarding this notice may be submitted via email to the Primary Point of Contact and the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice. Questions should be submitted so that they are received 5 calendar days prior to the response date. If the Contracting Officer determines that providing a written amendment to this notice to document question(s) received would benefit other potential respondents, the questions would be anonymized, and a written response to such question(s) would be provided via an amendment to this notice. IMPORTANT NOTES This notice is for market research purposes and should not be construed as a commitment by NIST to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. There is no solicitation available at this time. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s capability. Responses will not be considered as proposals or quotations. No award will be made as a result of this notice. NIST is not responsible for any costs incurred by the respondents to this notice. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and appropriate. Thank you for taking the time to submit a response to this request!

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tracy Retterer
  - Email: Tracy.retterer@nist.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Forest Crumpler
  - Email: forest.crumpler@nist.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/33ce38efa5db437e93537bd9e213f19d/view)