---
layout: default
title: Y1AZ--Request for Information and Industry Day West Los Angeles VAMC Historic Restoration of Wadsworth Chapel Bldg 20 National Center for Warrior Independence
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 5bf386e643194d15888801d58a150627
---

# Y1AZ--Request for Information and Industry Day West Los Angeles VAMC Historic Restoration of Wadsworth Chapel Bldg 20 National Center for Warrior Independence

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-26 12:54:16.211-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10F26Q0039
- Awardee: null

## Summary

REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) AND INDUSTRY DAY ANNOUNCEMENT West Los Angeles California, Department of Veterans Affairs Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System: Historic Rehabilitation of Wadsworth Chapel (Building 20) in support of the National Center for Warrior Independence (NCWI) INTRODUCTION This RFI notice is issued by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Office of Facilities Acquisition (OFA), Office of Construction and Facilities Management (CFM) to all interested contractors regarding general construction services as specified below on the West Los Angeles VAMC campus in Los Angeles, CA. The purpose of this RFI is to gather information from the contractor community at large for the sole purpose of acquisition planning and market research. Further consideration outside of this stated purpose is not authorized and will not be further discussed. This notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal, Invitation for Bid, or Request for Quotation, and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the government to enter into a contract. Furthermore, responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with response to this notice. BACKGROUND AND DESCRIPTION The Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Construction and Facilities Management (CFM) is establishing a National Center for Warrior Independence (NCWI) located at the West Los Angeles VAMC campus in Los Angeles, CA. The purpose of the NCWI is to restore the West LA campus to a thriving, veteran-centered community that promotes recovery, independence, and dignity. The Center will provide a national model addressing veteran homelessness by offering increased opportunities for Veteran housing and comprehensive services FboNoticeed in clinical excellence, trauma-informed care, and community reintegration. This RFI seeks information from the contractor community at large for a future project, Historic Rehabilitation of Wadsworth Chapel (Building 20) described in greater detail below: Historic Rehabilitation of Wadsworth Chapel (Building 20) The project involves the historic rehabilitation of Building 20, the Wadsworth Chapel, at the West Los Angeles VA Medical Center. Originally built in 1900 and vacant since 1971, the 8,760-square-foot structure will be renovated to provide a supportive space for veteran interfaith programming and wellness. The work includes interior and exterior renovations, site improvements, modern systems upgrade, seismic reinforcement, and functional modifications to create a non-denominational chapel and gathering area for other programming. A design-build approach will be used for the full scope of rehabilitation activities. INDUSTRY DAY In order to facilitate this RFI process the Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Construction and Facilities Management will hold an onsite industry day event on April 08, 2026, at 1PM PDT. The industry day event will consist of a presentation from the National Center for Warrior Independence (NCWI) PMO, followed by a guided tour of the Wadsworth Chapel Building 20. It is anticipated that the PMO presentation and guided tour will not exceed 2 hours total. Meetup location and time to be determined. Firms will be limited to two attendees; at least one attendee must have a technical background who can answer Government questions regarding capabilities. Registration for participation in the Industry Day is required. Please see Registration below for instructions. REGISTRATION To register, please submit a cover sheet, company description, and capabilities statement electronically to gerald.brusaw@va.gov no later than 0900 AM PT on April 06, 2026. The email Subject must be marked with your company name followed by Industry Day, West Los Angeles VAMC. All documents should be in Microsoft Word format or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) and provide the following The Cover Sheet should include a non-binding statement of interest, and must include: Brief description of the company; years in business Capabilities Statement, including responses to the 5 questions below. Names of attendees (limited to 2) and contact information for each, including telephone numbers and e-mail addresses. Registration confirmation will be provided to all timely respondents prior to the industry day event. QUESTIONS 1.) Please provide your UEI number, firm name, and POC (name, email, phone number).Â 2.) Will you attend the industry day event? If so, who are your two attendees. NO MORE THAN TWO INDIVIUDALS PER RESPONDENT WILL BE PERMITTED TO ATTEND. 3.) What is your socio-economic status.Â Please list all applicable, or list large if none apply.Â 4.) Please indicate any relevant past performance of similar size, scope (historic restoration), and complexityÂ your firm has completed in the past. 5.) With regards to Greater Los Angeles (GLA), State of California, and federal procurements, please provide narrative describing your familiarity with historic preservation/restoration including any necessary considerations. RESPONSES TO QUESTION 6 AND 7 BELOW SHALL BE SUBMITTED ONLY AFTER ATTENDANCE OF THE ONSITE INDUSTRY DAY EVENT, NO LATER THAN APRIL 15th, 2026. 6.) Based on your familiarity with the WLA campus and Wadsworth Chapel, as well as the background and description provided above, including any publicly available information, and your personal or corporate knowledge of the project, please provide a non-binding rough order of magnitude (ROM) estimate for the project s completion. This estimate should include projected costs and the necessary duration to complete the project. Please note that this request does not constitute a Request for Proposal, Invitation for Bid, or Request for Quotation, and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the government to enter into a contract. Furthermore, responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with response to this notice. This response will include a brief narrative not exceeding one page, outline key assumptions and risks, and include a lump sum non-binding ROM or a range estimate similar to those published under VAAR 836.204, Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects. 7.) As an alternative to question 6 above, please assume that the scope of this project is limited to a simplified restoration that preserves the historic intent of the building. This restoration will be consistent with the two denomination, separately partitioned chapels within Wadsworth Chapel and not include a gathering or common space. Please provide a non-binding rough order of magnitude (ROM) estimate for the project s completion. This estimate should include projected costs and the necessary duration to complete the project. Please note that this request does not constitute a Request for Proposal, Invitation for Bid, or Request for Quotation, and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the government to enter into a contract. Furthermore, responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with response to this notice. This response will include a brief narrative not exceeding one page, outline key assumptions and risks, and include a lump sum non-binding ROM or a range estimate similar to those published under VAAR 836.204, Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects. IMPORTANT NOTE REGARDING RESPONSES TO QUESTIONS 6 AND 7 The purpose of the responses to questions 6 and 7 is to gather information solely for the purpose of market research. The Government will not further disclose contractor responses, including the publication of market research results or discussions with other interested contractors. Contractors may also indicate any further proprietary restrictions regarding the responses to questions 6 and 7. The VA appreciates industry s collaboration and is looking forward to a meaningful and productive session. If you have any questions regarding the meeting, please contact the points of contact noted above via email by the registration due date and time. The Government reserves the right to request additional information from either a future RFI, other industry engagement, or a future industry event.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gerald Brusaw
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: gerald.brusaw@va.gov
  - Phone: 224-428-3135

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5bf386e643194d15888801d58a150627/view)