---
layout: default
title: 19GV1026Q0007-Resolicitation for cleaning and degreasing Contract
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 2b1117e977f84ea69f134a28bc97fc7d
---

# 19GV1026Q0007-Resolicitation for cleaning and degreasing Contract

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 07:58:44.361-04
- Solicitation Number: 19GV1026Q0007-Resolicitation

## Summary

DESCRIPTION The U.S. Embassy/Consulate in Guinea Conakry requires services to inspect, clean and degrease cafeteria kitchen exhaust hoods, filters, fan blades & motors and all ducting from kitchen to exterior exhaust point. The contract type is a firm fixed price contract for routine maintenance services paid at the monthly rate below. These rates include all costs associated with providing elevator maintenance services in accordance with manufacturer’s warranty including materials, labor, insurance (see FAR 52.228-4 and 52.228-5), overhead, profit and VAT (if applicable). The contract will be for a one-year period, with four one-year optional periods of performance. PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT The purpose of this firm fixed price purchase order is to for to inspect, clean and degrease cafeteria kitchen exhaust hoods, filters, fan blades & motors and all ducting from kitchen to exterior exhaust point.in accordance with Attachment A. The contract will be for a one-year period from the date of the contract award, with four one-year options. QUALITY ASSURANCE AND SURVEILLANCE PLAN (QASP) This plan provides an effective method to promote satisfactory contractor performance. The QASP provides a method for the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) to monitor Contractor performance, advise the Contractor of unsatisfactory performance, and notify the Contracting Officer of continued unsatisfactory performance. The Contractor, not the Government, is responsible for management and quality control to meet the terms of the contract. The role of the Government is to monitor quality to ensure that contract standards are achieved. Performance Objective Scope of Work Paragraphs Performance Threshold Services. Performs all services set forth in the scope of work. 1 thru 11 All required services are performed and no more than one (1) customer complaint is received per service visit. 1. SURVEILLANCE. The COR will receive and document all complaints from Government personnel regarding the services provided. If appropriate, the COR will send the complaints to the Contractor for corrective action. Work must be performed by properly trained, qualified, and certified personnel. The Contractor must provide an experienced senior technician on site during work. The Contractor is responsible for all injury or damage resulting from their fault or negligence and must report all incidents to the Contracting Officer. The Contractor must remedy any defects or failures in service within a reasonable time after notification; otherwise, the Government may repair at the Contractor’s expense. 2. STANDARD. The performance standard is that the Government receives no more than one (1) customer complaint per service visit. The COR shall notify the Contracting Officer of the complaints so that the Contracting Officer may take appropriate action to enforce the inspection clause (FAR 52.212.4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023), if any of the services exceed the standard. 3. PROCEDURES. (a) If any Government personnel observe unacceptable services, either incomplete work or required services not being performed they should immediately contact the COR. (b) The COR will complete appropriate documentation to record the complaint. (c) If the COR determines the complaint is invalid, the COR will advise the complainant. The COR will retain the annotated copy of the written complaint for his/her files. (d) If the COR determines the complaint is valid, the COR will inform the Contractor and give the Contractor additional time to correct the defect, if additional time is available. The COR shall determine how much time is reasonable. (e) The COR shall, as a minimum, orally notify the Contractor of any valid complaints. (f) If the Contractor disagrees with the complaint after investigation of the site and challenges the validity of the complaint, the Contractor will notify the COR. The COR will review the matter to determine the validity of the complaint. (g) The COR will consider complaints as resolved unless notified otherwise by the complainant. (h) Repeat customer complaints are not permitted for any services. If a repeat customer complaint is received for the same deficiency during the service period, the COR will contact the Contracting Officer for appropriate action under the Inspection clause. PRICING The Contractor shall complete all work, including furnishing all labor, material, equipment and services required under this purchase order for the firm fixed price as stated in the quotation and within the time specified. The firm-fixed price shall also include overheads (including cost of Insurance, which shall not be a direct reimbursement) and profit. (please quote in GNF or USD) VALUE ADDED TAX VALUE ADDED TAX. Value Added Tax (VAT) is not applicable to this contract and shall not be included in the CLIN rates or Invoices because the U.S. Embassy has a tax exemption certificate from the host government. 1. Base Year - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for the base period of the contract, starting on the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. The fixed unit prices, estimated quantities, and ceiling for each category are: Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total 2.Option Year 1 - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for Option Year 1, starting one year after the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly Maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total 3. Option Year 2 - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for Option Year 2, starting two years after the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly Maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total 4. Option Year 3 - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for Option Year 3, starting three years after the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly Maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total 5. Option Year 4 - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for Option Year 4, starting three years after the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly Maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total Base Year Total Option Year 1 Total Option Year 2 Total Option Year 3 Total Option Year 4 Total Grand Total of Base Year plus All Option Years NOTICE TO PROCEED After contract award and submission of acceptable insurance certificates and copies of all applicable licenses and permits, the Contracting Officer will issue a Notice to Proceed. The Notice to Proceed will establish a date (a minimum of ten (10) days from date of contract award unless the Contractor agrees to an earlier date) on which performance shall start. CONTINUATION TO SF-1449, RFQ NUMBER 19GV1026Q0007 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES, BLOCK 20 DESCRIPTION/SPECIFICATIONS/WORK STATEMENT SCOPE OF WORK The U.S. Embassy in Conakry, Guinea, requires services for the inspection, cleaning, and degreasing of cafeteria kitchen exhaust hoods, filters, fan blades and motors, as well as all ductwork from the kitchen to the exterior exhaust point. These services are to be performed on an annual basis. The contractor shall provide all necessary labor, materials, tools, equipment, and transportation to carry out these maintenance services at the U.S. Embassy Conakry, located at Transversale No. 2, Ratoma, Conakry, BP 603. Cafeteria Kitchen Exhaust Hood and Duct Maintenance Scope of Work and Pricing Includes: Kitchen Exhaust Hood: Provide qualified technical personnel, equipment, and materials to inspect, clean, and degrease cafeteria kitchen exhaust hoods, filters, fan blades and motors, and all ductwork from the kitchen to the exterior exhaust point. All work must be performed by properly trained, qualified, and certified personnel. Conduct a test run of the fan motor before and after cleaning. Open duct access panels as necessary to access the interior of the ducts. Notify the Contracting Officer if additional access panels are required to ensure thorough cleaning. Seal any leaking duct joints identified during the cleaning process. Provide service reports, including identification of any faulty parts that require replacement. Clean the floor, surrounding surfaces, and the general work area after completing the cleaning and degreasing service. Protect all electrical and kitchen equipment, worktops, and surrounding areas with plastic or canvas sheets before starting work. Ensure thorough cleanup after completion. No residual grease should remain. Work must be performed Monday through Thursday from 15:00 to 18:00, and Friday from 13:30 to 18:00 (excluding U.S. and Guinea holidays). Services must be scheduled at least two weeks in advance and will be conducted between April 1 and May 30. ADDITIONAL WORK AND COST If additional work or costs are required, the Contractor must submit a price quotation to ConakryProc@state.gov for pre-approval before commencing any additional work. TYPE OF CONTRACT This contract is a firm-fixed price type of purchase order. The Government will not pay any additional sums due to any escalation in the cost of materials, equipment or labor, or because of the Contractor's failure to properly estimate or accurately predict the cost or difficulty of achieving the results required by this contract. Nor will the contract price be adjusted due to fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. CONTRACT PRICE The Contractor shall complete all work, including furnishing all labor, material, equipment and services required under this purchase order for the firm fixed price as stated in the quotation and within the time specified. The firm-fixed price shall also include overheads (including cost of Insurance, which shall not be a direct reimbursement) and profit. (please quote in GN or USD) DELIVERY Please liaise with Kevin Shorten at Tel: 629000472; email: ShortenKD@state.gov Working hours will be 15:00 – 18:00 Monday – Thursday, 14:00 – 18:00 Friday, (after cafeteria kitchen closes) excluding local and American holidays (list to be provided). PAYMENT On satisfactory completion of each servicing, the Contractor shall send invoice to ConakryDBO@state.gov . Payment will be made within 30 days after completion of the required service, upon confirmation by the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) that all contractual obligations have been met. The contractor must submit a final invoice after the COR has verified that all requirements have been fulfilled. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Supervisor. The Contractor shall provide an experienced senior technician on site when work is being done to ensure proper performance. Transporting Materials. The Contractor shall take care in loading and unloading materials for the work so that driveways and footpaths are not obstructed or traffic impeded. The Contractor agrees that the Government shall not be responsible for personal injuries or for damages to any property of the Contractor, its officers, agents, servants, and employees, or any other person, arising from and incident to the Contractor's performance of this contract. The Contractor shall hold harmless and indemnify the Government from any and all claims arising therefrom, except in the instance of gross negligence on the part of the Government. Injury/Damage to Persons and Property. The Contractor shall be responsible for all injury to persons or damages to property that occurs as a result of the Contractor's fault or negligence. The Contractor shall take proper safety and health precautions to protect the building and all workers. All mishaps that cause any kind of injury, illness or property damage shall be reported to the Contracting Officer at the earliest opportunity. The Contractor shall make good any damage to the Embassy caused by his negligence and shall carry out such repair (s) and/or replacement(s) at his own expense. Damage to property. The Contractor shall take all necessary precaution to protect the Government premises/property while work is in progress. The Contractor shall be liable for any damage caused to buildings, driveways, culverts, equipment, furniture, fixtures, or vegetation, or any other Government property, and shall replace or repair the damage at no expense to the Government. Precautionary measures include but are not limited to supply of padding materials to protect floors, walls, electrical fittings, stairs, and doorways. If the Contractor fails or refuses to make such repair or replacement, the Contractor shall be liable for the cost, which may be deducted from the contract price. Insurance. The Contractor is required by FAR 52.228-5, "Insurance - Work on a Government Installation" to provide whatever insurance is legally necessary. The Contractor shall at its own expense obtain any type of insurance required by local law or that are ordinarily or customarily obtained in the location of the work. The limit of such insurance shall be as provided by law or sufficient to meet normal and customary claims. Laws and Regulations. The Contractor shall, without additional expense to the Government, be responsible for complying with all laws, codes, ordinances, and regulations applicable to the performance of the work, including those of the host country, and with the lawful orders of any governmental authority having jurisdiction. Drilling, Cutting and Hacking. No drilling, cutting, or hacking to existing structure is permitted except as mentioned in the scope of work or for which approval is given by the Contracting Officer or the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR). Avoiding Nuisance. The Contractor shall carry out the work in such manner as to cause as little inconvenience and nuisance to operations at the building. The Contractor shall take utmost precautions in minimizing noise arising from the work. The Contractor is liable for and shall indemnify the Government in respect of any claim or proceedings arising out of the Contractor's neglect in taking care to ensure that noise from the work does not constitute a nuisance. Removal of Debris. The Contractor shall remove all debris and surplus materials immediately upon completion of work. No dumping shall be permitted at the site. The Contractor shall leave the work place in clean, neat and orderly condition satisfactory to the COR. Use of Utilities. The Government shall provide water and electricity at existing outlets, free-of-charge (FOC) for the work. Warranties. The Contractor warrants that all work performed under this contract conforms to the contract requirements, or best commercial practice in the absence of a specific contract requirement, and is free from defective or inferior materials, installation, or workmanship. If the Contractor fails to remedy any failure or defect in services within a reasonable time after notification of the failure or defect by the Contracting Officer's Representative, then the Government shall have the right to repair or otherwise remedy the failure or defect or damage at the Contractor’s expense. Security. The Government reserves the right to deny access to U.S.-owned and U.S.-operated facilities to any individual. Only individuals cleared by the Government will be permitted to perform under this contract. The Contractor shall submit employees’ information to Kevin Shorten at ShortenKD@state.gov or Yakubu Issah at IssahYB@state.gov least 5 business days before commencement of work.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Procurement team
  - Email: ConakryProc@state.gov
  - Phone: 00224655104000
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tinkiano Gaston Faya
  - Email: TinkianoGF@state.gov
  - Phone: 00629000592

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . The contract will be for a one-year period from the date of the contract award, with four one-year options. QUALITY ASSURANCE AND SURVEILLANCE PLAN (QASP) This plan provides an effective method to promote satisfactory contractor performance. The QASP provides a method for the Contracting Officer"s Representative (COR) to monitor Contractor performance, advise the Contractor of unsatisfactory performance, and notify the Contracting Officer of continued unsatisfactory performance. The Contractor, not the Government, is responsible for management and quality control to meet the terms of the contract. The role of the Government is to monitor quality to ensure that contract standards are achieved. Performance Objective Scope of Work Paragraphs Performance Threshold Services. Performs all services set forth in the scope of work. 1 thru 11 All required services are performed and no more than one (1) customer complaint is received per service visit. 1. SURVEILLANCE. The COR will receive and document all complaints from Government personnel regarding the services provided. If appropriate, the COR will send the complaints to the Contractor for corrective action. Work must be performed by properly trained, qualified, and certified personnel. The Contractor must provide an experienced senior technician on site during work. The Contractor is responsible for all injury or damage resulting from their fault or negligence and must report all incidents to the Contracting Officer. The Contractor must remedy any defects or failures in service within a reasonable time after notification; otherwise, the Government may repair at the Contractor’s expense. 2. STANDARD. The performance standard is that the Government receives no more than one (1) customer complaint per service visit. The COR shall notify the Contracting Officer of the complaints so that the Contracting Officer may take appropriate action to enforce the inspection clause (FAR 52.212.4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023), if any of the services exceed the standard. 3. PROCEDURES. (a) If any Government personnel observe unacceptable services, either incomplete work or required services not being performed they should immediately contact the COR. (b) The COR will complete appropriate documentation to record the complaint. (c) If the COR determines the complaint is invalid, the COR will advise the complainant. The COR will retain the annotated copy of the written complaint for his/her files. (d) If the COR determines the complaint is valid, the COR will inform the Contractor and give the Contractor additional time to correct the defect, if additional time is available. The COR shall determine how much time is reasonable. (e) The COR shall, as a minimum, orally notify the Contractor of any valid complaints. (f) If the Contractor disagrees with the complaint after investigation of the site and challenges the validity of the complaint, the Contractor will notify the COR. The COR will review the matter to determine the validity of the complaint. (g) The COR will consider complaints as resolved unless notified otherwise by the complainant. (h) Repeat customer complaints are not permitted for any services. If a repeat customer complaint is received for the same deficiency during the service period, the COR will contact the Contracting Officer for appropriate action under the Inspection clause. PRICING The Contractor shall complete all work, including furnishing all labor, material, equipment and services required under this purchase order for the firm fixed price as stated in the quotation and within the time specified. The firm-fixed price shall also include overheads (including cost of Insurance, which shall not be a direct reimbursement) and profit. (please quote in GNF or USD) VALUE ADDED TAX VALUE ADDED TAX. Value Added Tax (VAT) is not applicable to this contract and shall not be included in the CLIN rates or Invoices because the U.S. Embassy has a tax exemption certificate from the host government. 1. Base Year - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for the base period of the contract, starting on the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. The fixed unit prices, estimated quantities, and ceiling for each category are: Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total 2.Option Year 1 - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for Option Year 1, starting one year after the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly Maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total 3. Option Year 2 - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for Option Year 2, starting two years after the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly Maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total 4. Option Year 3 - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for Option Year 3, starting three years after the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly Maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total 5. Option Year 4 - The Contractor shall provide the services shown below for Option Year 4, starting three years after the date stated in the Notice to Proceed and continuing for a period of 12 months. Line Item Description Yearly Price Qty Annual Total 1 Yearly Maintenance/degreasing services for kitchen exhaust hood, filter, fan motor and ducting 1 2 Defense Base Act (DBA) Insurance 1 Annual Total Base Year Total Option Year 1 Total Option Year 2 Total Option Year 3 Total Option Year 4 Total Grand Total of Base Year plus All Option Years NOTICE TO PROCEED After contract award and submission of acceptable insurance certificates and copies of all applicable licenses and permits, the Contracting Officer will issue a Notice to Proceed. The Notice to Proceed will establish a date (a minimum of ten (10) days from date of contract award unless the Contractor agrees to an earlier date) on which performance shall start. CONTINUATION TO SF-1449, RFQ NUMBER 19GV1026Q0007 SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES, BLOCK 20 DESCRIPTION/SPECIFICATIONS/WORK STATEMENT SCOPE OF WORK The U.S. Embassy in Conakry, Guinea, requires services for the inspection, cleaning, and degreasing of cafeteria kitchen exhaust hoods, filters, fan blades and motors, as well as all ductwork from the kitchen to the exterior exhaust point. These services are to be performed on an annual basis. The contractor shall provide all necessary labor, materials, tools, equipment, and transportation to carry out these maintenance services at the U.S. Embassy Conakry, located at Transversale No. 2, Ratoma, Conakry, BP 603. Cafeteria Kitchen Exhaust Hood and Duct Maintenance Scope of Work and Pricing Includes: Kitchen Exhaust Hood: Provide qualified technical personnel, equipment, and materials to inspect, clean, and degrease cafeteria kitchen exhaust hoods, filters, fan blades and motors, and all ductwork from the kitchen to the exterior exhaust point. All work must be performed by properly trained, qualified, and certified personnel. Conduct a test run of the fan motor before and after cleaning. Open duct access panels as necessary to access the interior of the ducts. Notify the Contracting Officer if additional access panels are required to ensure thorough cleaning. Seal any leaking duct joints identified during the cleaning process. Provide service reports, including identification of any faulty parts that require replacement. Clean the floor, surrounding surfaces, and the general work area after completing the cleaning and degreasing service. Protect all electrical and kitchen equipment, worktops, and surrounding areas with plastic or canvas sheets before starting work. Ensure thorough cleanup after completion. No residual grease should remain. Work must be performed Monday through Thursday from 15:00 to 18:00, and Friday from 13:30 to 18:00 (excluding U.S. and Guinea holidays). Services must be scheduled at least two weeks in advance and will be conducted between April 1 and May 30. ADDITIONAL WORK AND COST If additional work or costs are required, the Contractor must submit a price quotation to ConakryProc@state.gov for pre-approval before commencing any additional work. TYPE OF CONTRACT This contract is a firm-fixed price type of purchase order. The Government will not pay any additional sums due to any escalation in the cost of materials, equipment or labor, or because of the Contractor"s failure to properly estimate or accurately predict the cost or difficulty of achieving the results required by this contract. Nor will the contract price be adjusted due to fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. CONTRACT PRICE The Contractor shall complete all work, including furnishing all labor, material, equipment and services required under this purchase order for the firm fixed price as stated in the quotation and within the time specified. The firm-fixed price shall also include overheads (including cost of Insurance, which shall not be a direct reimbursement) and profit. (please quote in GN or USD) DELIVERY Please liaise with Kevin Shorten at Tel: 629000472; email: ShortenKD@state.gov Working hours will be 15:00 – 18:00 Monday – Thursday, 14:00 – 18:00 Friday, (after cafeteria kitchen closes) excluding local and American holidays (list to be provided). PAYMENT On satisfactory completion of each servicing, the Contractor shall send invoice to ConakryDBO@state.gov . Payment will be made within 30 days after completion of the required service, upon confirmation by the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) that all contractual obligations have been met. The contractor must submit a final invoice after the COR has verified that all requirements have been fulfilled. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Supervisor. The Contractor shall provide an experienced senior technician on site when work is being done to ensure proper performance. Transporting Materials. The Contractor shall take care in loading and unloading materials for the work so that driveways and footpaths are not obstructed or traffic impeded. The Contractor agrees that the Government shall not be responsible for personal injuries or for damages to any property of the Contractor, its officers, agents, servants, and employees, or any other person, arising from and incident to the Contractor"s performance of this contract. The Contractor shall hold harmless and indemnify the Government from any and all claims arising therefrom, except in the instance of gross negligence on the part of the Government. Injury/Damage to Persons and Property. The Contractor shall be responsible for all injury to persons or damages to property that occurs as a result of the Contractor"s fault or negligence. The Contractor shall take proper safety and health precautions to protect the building and all workers. All mishaps that cause any kind of injury, illness or property damage shall be reported to the Contracting Officer at the earliest opportunity. The Contractor shall make good any damage to the Embassy caused by his negligence and shall carry out such repair (s) and/or replacement(s) at his own expense. Damage to property. The Contractor shall take all necessary precaution to protect the Government premises/property while work is in progress. The Contractor shall be liable for any damage caused to buildings, driveways, culverts, equipment, furniture, fixtures, or vegetation, or any other Government property, and shall replace or repair the damage at no expense to the Government. Precautionary measures include but are not limited to supply of padding materials to protect floors, walls, electrical fittings, stairs, and doorways. If the Contractor fails or refuses to make such repair or replacement, the Contractor shall be liable for the cost, which may be deducted from the contract price. Insurance. The Contractor is required by FAR 52.228-5, "Insurance - Work on a Government Installation" to provide whatever insurance is legally necessary. The Contractor shall at its own expense obtain any type of insurance required by local law or that are ordinarily or customarily obtained in the location of the work. The limit of such insurance shall be as provided by law or sufficient to meet normal and customary claims. Laws and Regulations. The Contractor shall, without additional expense to the Government, be responsible for complying with all laws, codes, ordinances, and regulations applicable to the performance of the work, including those of the host country, and with the lawful orders of any governmental authority having jurisdiction. Drilling, Cutting and Hacking. No drilling, cutting, or hacking to existing structure is permitted except as mentioned in the scope of work or for which approval is given by the Contracting Officer or the Contracting Officer"s Representative (COR). Avoiding Nuisance. The Contractor shall carry out the work in such manner as to cause as little inconvenience and nuisance to operations at the building. The Contractor shall take utmost precautions in minimizing noise arising from the work. The Contractor is liable for and shall indemnify the Government in respect of any claim or proceedings arising out of the Contractor"s neglect in taking care to ensure that noise from the work does not constitute a nuisance. Removal of Debris. The Contractor shall remove all debris and surplus materials immediately upon completion of work. No dumping shall be permitted at the site. The Contractor shall leave the work place in clean, neat and orderly condition satisfactory to the COR. Use of Utilities. The Government shall provide water and electricity at existing outlets, free-of-charge (FOC) for the work. Warranties. The Contractor warrants that all work performed under this contract conforms to the contract requirements, or best commercial practice in the absence of a specific contract requirement, and is free from defective or inferior materials, installation, or workmanship. If the Contractor fails to remedy any failure or defect in services within a reasonable time after notification of the failure or defect by the Contracting Officer"s Representative, then the Government shall have the right to repair or otherwise remedy the failure or defect or damage at the Contractor’s expense. Security. The Government reserves the right to deny access to U.S.-owned and U.S.-operated facilities to any individual. Only individuals cleared by the Government will be permitted to perform under this contract. The Contractor shall submit employees’ information to Kevin Shorten at ShortenKD@state.gov or Yakubu Issah at IssahYB@state.gov least 5 business days before commencement of work

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2b1117e977f84ea69f134a28bc97fc7d/view)