---
layout: default
title: 81--SHIPPING AND STORAG
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 91efe3a2755e47279409f52a14c53871
---

# 81--SHIPPING AND STORAG

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 07:33:39.698-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038324QC323

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N792.10|T2Q|215-697-9948|KIMBERLY.FLORES12.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8|||MIL-I-45208|||||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE OF SUPPLIES|26|X||||||||||||X|||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING (COMBO) TYPE||TBD|N00383|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL--GOVERNMENT TESTING (SEP 1989)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM - BASIC (NOV\23)|5|||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (NOV 2023)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (NOV 2023))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (NOV 2014)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2023)|13|332439|600|||||||||||| FACSIMILE PROPOSALS (OCT 1997)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||DO-A1C| EVALUATION OF FIRST ARTICLE TESTING|3|||| THIS FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION IS EXTENDED UNTIL JAN 12, 2026. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. In addition to price, the following Non-price evaluation factor shall be used to evaluate offers and are listed in descending order of importance. Relevant Past Performance Technical Capability Delivery The non-price evaluation factors, when combined, are significantly more important than price. There are no subfactors. The Government reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources including sources outside of the Government. Offerors lacking relevant past performance history will not be Evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government will consider the quality of an offeror's relevant past performance. This consideration is separate and distinct from the Contracting Officer's responsibility determination. The assessment of the offeror's relevant past performance will be used as a means of evaluating the relative risk of the offeror and other competitors in successfully meet therequirements of the RFP. In determining the rating for the past performance evaluation factor, the Government will give greater consideration to the contracts which the Government feels are most relevant to the RFP. The Government reserves the right to award the contract to other than the lowest priced offeror. Contractors are informed that it is the Government's desire to make award on initial proposals when deemed possible by the Contracting Officer, however theGovernment reserves the right to communicate and/or negotiate with offerors iflater determined necessary. This solicitation is hereby reopened due to changing from limited competition to full and open competition, only the offers received on time within the time frame listed on this amendment will be acceptable. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. In addition toprice, the following Non-price evaluation factor shall be used to evaluate offers and are listed in descending order of importance. descending order of importance. Relevant Past Performance Technical Capability Delivery The non-price evaluation factors, when combined, are significantly more important than price. There are no subfactors. The Government reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from anyand all sources including sources outside of the Government. Offerors lacking relevant past performance historywill not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government will consider the quality ofan offeror's relevant past performance. This consideration is separate and distinct from the ContractingOfficer's responsibility determination. The assessmentof the offeror's relevantpast performance will be usedas a means of evaluating the relative risk of the offeror and other competitors in successfully meet the requirements of the RFP. In determining the rating for the past performance evaluation factor, the Government will give greater consideration to the contracts which the Government feels are most relevant to the RFP. The Government reserves the right to award the contract to other than the lowest priced offeror. Contractors are informed that it is the Government's desire to make award on initial proposals when deemed possibleby the Contracting Officer, however the Government reserves the right to communicate and/or negotiate with offerors iflater determined necessary. \ This solicitation is hereby reopened due to changing from limited competition to full and open competition, only the offers received on time within the time frame listed on this amendment will be acceptable. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. In addition to price, the following Non-price evaluation factor shall be used to evaluate offers and are listed in descending order of importance. descending order of importance. Relevant Past Performance Technical Capability Delivery The non-price evaluation factors, when combined, are significantly more important than price. There are no subfactors. The Government reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources including sources outside of the Government. Offerors lacking relevant past performance history will not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government will consider the quality of an offeror's relevant past performance. This consideration is separate and distinct from the Contracting Officer's responsibility determination. The assessmentof the offeror's relevant past performance will be used as a means of evaluating the relative risk of the offeror and other competitors in successfully meet the requirements of the RFP. In determining the rating for the past performance evaluation factor, the Government will give greater consideration to the contracts which the Government feels are most relevant to the RFP. The Government reserves the right to award the contract to other than the lowest priced offeror. Contractors are informed that it is the Government's desire to make award on initial proposals when deemed possible by the Contracting Officer, however the Government reserves the right to communicate and/or negotiate with offerors if later determined necessary. \ This solicitation is for made new manufacture spare parts. NAVSUP WSS Requests proposals submitted in response to this solicitation remainvalid for a minimum of 120 days following submission. All contractual documents related to the instant procurement are considered tobe "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail,transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such asemail. The Governments acceptance of the contractors proposal constitutesbilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 Due to the critical use of this item and its quality history, a pre-award survey and post-award conference may be required for all new manufacturers. For all previous sources, a post-award conference may be recommended.

1.2 Container shell material is ;POLYETHYLENE; .

1.3 Manufacturing process is ;BLOWMOLDED ; .

1.4 When discrepancies exist between these requirements and those on current manufacturer's drawings,contact code ;BUYER ON PAGE 1; or code N241.10

1.5 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be manufactured, tested and inspected in accordance with ;Aviation Supply Office; drawing number ( ;(80132); ) ;P069-6; , Revision ;latest; and all details and specifications referenced therein.

1.6 Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this clause, equipment such as fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, test equipment, or any other manufacturing aid required for the manufacture and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government or any other source and is the sole responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing or referenced specification.

1.7 If MIL-STD-454 is referenced in the drawings or in the specification, the contractor is expected to show compliance with IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS DRAWING DATA=P069-6 |80132| P| |A| | | | 3. REQUIREMENTS The local government QAR shall perform inspection.Report detailing results will be prepared and submitted by the QAR to BUYER ON PAGE 1. Containers will be inspected/received by DCMA/QAR after recommendation of acceptance by NAVSUP WSS CODE N241. All containers must be affixed with a nameplate that includes a Unique Identification (UID) marking as referenced in the drawing package Drawing ;(80132) 15930; and IAW Mil-STD-130 latest revision. The contractor shall contact NAVICP code ;contact buyer on page 1; or code 0771.10 for the alphanumeric sequential serial number group that makes up part of the UID. The UIDwill be included on the nameplate in data matrix format. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE Inspection shall consist of the following in lieu of First Article Test (FAT); is a limited dimensional inspection of random samples against the manufacturers prescribed design drawing dimensions. This will be performed by QAR at the contractor?s facility and shall take a sample of five (5) units to pulled at random from the lot. Each pulled unit will then have the inner and dimensions inspected in accordance with the manufacture design drawing to gauge workmanship and production consistency. Any dimension measuring larger than 0inch of the drawing dimension shall be a cause for rejection, and thus requirea full FAT. Results of all testing and inspections shall be forwarded to BUYER ON PAGE 1 for review. The contractor shall be responsible for performing all First Article Testing of the container.The local Government DCMA/QAR shall witness the testing.The contractor shall submit a report to NAVSUP WSS code ;BUYER ON PAGE 1; or code N241.10 detailing the results. Requirements for this FAT include a review of workmanship and a dimensional check using the drawing package as a reference. Once the test report is received and reviewed by NAVSUP WSS, a notice of approval for production will be authorized or a disapproval notice will be issued requiring the contractor to prepare a corrective action plan The inspection and acceptanceof the production containers shall be by the DCMA/QAR ALL COSTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES RELATED TO THE FIRST ARTICLE TEST SUBMISSION CONTAINER SHIPMENT TO AND FROM THE FIRST ARTICLE TEST FACILITY ARE TO BE BORNE BY THE CONTRACTOR.

4.1 The tests to be performed under the First Article approval clause (FAR 52.209-4) of the contract are listed below. 4.1.1 Dimensional test (special) ;To drawing (80132) P069-6 and sub-drawings is applicable; 4.1.2 Requirements of: ;To drawing (80132) P069-6 and sub-drawings is applicable; 4.1.3 Form: ;applies; 4.1.4 Fit: ;applies; 4.1.5 Function ;APPLIES; 4.1.6 Compliance with drawing ( ;80132; ) ;P069-6; , Revision ;latest; and specifications referenced therein.

4.2 In addition to the above tests, the First Article(s) to be delivered hereunder shall also be subjected to those tests which will demonstrate that the article(s) comply with contract requirements requirements.

4.3 The contractor shall be responsible for providing the necessary parts and repair of the First Article Sample(s) during testing.

4.4 The cost of the Government testing effort set forth in this solicitation is estimated to be $ ;10000; for the first article testing. This cost factor will be added, for solicitation purposes, to the price of all offerors for whom the government will require such testing.

4.5 Disposition of FAT samples 4.5.1 ;zero; Sample(s) shall not be returned to the contractor because they shall be destroyed during testing. 4.5.2 ;all; Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, sample(s) shall be returned to the contractor and may be considered as production items under the contract provided the sample(s) can be refurbished to ready for issue condition and provided the sample(s) have inspection approval from the cognizant DCMC QAR. Sample(s) may be shipped as production items only after all other units required under the contract have been produced and are ready for shipment. ;N/A; Sample(s) shall be returned to the contractor but shall not be considered as production due.

4.6 Test Sample Coating Instructions 4.6.1 Samples are to be unpainted. Corrosive areas are to be coated with a light preservative.This paragraph does NOT apply to shipping containers.

4.7 FAT Approval Criteria 4.7.1 FAR 52.209-4 applies (A) The contractors shall deliver ;one (1); ; unit(s) of the following CAGE ( ;80132; ; ) Part Number ;PO69-6; ; , Revision ;latest; ; within ;120; ; calendar days from the date of this contract to the Government at ;contact buyer on page 1; ; Marking of test sample(s) shipping container shall be as follows, citing this contract number: "FOR FIRST ARTICLE TESTING. NOT RFI MATERIAL. DO NOT TAKE UP IN STOCK CONTRACT NUMBER:____________" For First Article Test, the shipping documentation shall contain this contract number and lot/item identification. The characteristics that the First Article must meet and the testing requirements are specified elsewhere in this contract. (B) Upon shipment of First Article sample(s), two (2) copies of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report (DD Form 250) bearing the QAR's signature and indication of preliminary inspection shall be forwarded to the NAVICP- Philadelphia code cited in Block 10.a of SF33, with duplicate copies to NAVICP code 072 and to the designated test facility. The envelopes shall be clearly marked: "DO NOT OPEN IN MAIL ROOM". Within ;90; ; days after receipt of the samples, the test site shall complete testing/evaluation and submit two (2) copies of their test report with conclusions and recommendations to the NAVICP code cited in Block 10.a of the SF33. (C) Within ;120; ; calendar days after the Government receives the First Article, the contracting officer shall notify the contractor, in writing, of the approval, conditional approval, or disapproval of the First Article. The notice of approval, conditional approval, or disapproval shall not relieve the contractor from complying with all requirements of the specifications and all other terms and conditions of this contract. A notice of conditional approval shall state any further action required of the contractor. A notice of disapproval shall cite reasons for disapproval. (D) If the First Article is disapproved, the contractor, upon Government request, shall submit an additional First Article for testing. After each request, the contractor shall make any necessary changes, modifications, or repairs to the First Article or select another First Article for testing. All costs related to these tests are to be borne by the contractor, including any and all costs for additional tests following a disapproval. The contractor shall furnish any additional First Article to the Government under the terms and conditions and within the time specified by the Government. The Government shall act on this First Article within the time limit specified in paragraph (B) above. The Government reserves the right to require an equitable adjustment of the contract price for any extension of the delivery schedule or for any additional costs to the Government related to these tests. (E) If the contractor fails to deliver any First Article on time, or the contracting officer disapproves any First Article, the contractor shall be deemed to have failed to make delivery within the meaning of the default clause of this contract (F) Unless otherwise provided in the contract, the contractor - (1) May deliver the approved First Article as part of the contract quantity, provided it meets all contract requirements for acceptance and was not consumed or destroyed in testing: and (2) Shall remove and dispose of any First Article from the Government test facility at the contractors expense. (G) If the Government does not act within the time specified in paragraph (B) or (C) above the contracting officer shall, upon timely written request from the contractor, equitably adjust under the changes clause of this contract the delivery or performance dates and/or the contract price, and any other contractual term affected by the delay. (H) The contractor is responsible for providing operating and maintenance instructions, spare parts support, and repair of the First Article during any First Article test. (I) Before First Article approval, the acquisition of materials or components for, or the commencement of production of, the balance of the contract quantity is at the sole risk of the contractor. Before First Article approval, the costs thereof shall not be allocable to this contract for (1) progress payments, or (2) termination settlements if the contract is terminated for the convenience of the Government (J) The contractor shall produce both the First Article and the production quantity at the same facility and shall submit a certification to this effect with each First Article. (K) The contractor shall provide specific written notification to the procuring contracting officer informing him/her of the shipment of any article(s) furnished in accordance with this clause. Such notification must be addressed to the attention of the NAVICP code specified in Block 10.a of the SF33, with copies to NAVICP code 072 and to the testing activity. Failure to provide such notification shall excuse the Government from any delay in performing First Article Testing and informing the contractor of the results thereof. (L) Fourteen (14) days prior to shipment of First Article Samples, the contractor shall notify the designated test facility in writing of the anticipated shipping date, with an information copy to the PCO, NAVICP Philadelphia, Attn: (Cite code found in Block 10.a of the SF33). The contractor shall also arrange for preliminary inspection of test samples by the DCMC/QAR.

4.8 Alternate Offers - Waiver of First Article Approval Requirements. (The following provisions supersede any waiver of First Article Approval Requirements terms set forth in clause 52.209-3 or 52.209-4 as appropriate) (A) Unless otherwise specified in the solicitation, the Naval Inventory Control Point reserves the right to waive the First Article Approval Requirements specified herein for offerors who have previously furnished identical production articles accepted by the Government or the Original Equipment Manufacturer/Prime Manufacturer. An offeror requesting waiver of First Article Requirements shall submit evidence with its offer establishing that: (I) the last production unit was delivered within three (3) years of the issue date of this solicitation, and (II) the production location to be used for this requirement is the same as used for the previous production run Additionally, the offeror shall submit a certification, to be executed by the officer or employee for the offer, stating that: (I) the articles to be provided will be produced using the same facilities, processes, sequences of operations and approved subcontractors as those previously delivered and accepted by the Government or the Original Equipment Manufacturer/Prime Manufacturer, and (II) the previous production units were manufactured without Material Review Board disposition or waiver/deviation request or rejection of pre-production samples for cause. (NOTE: This certification concerns a matter within the jurisdiction of an agency of the United States and the making of a false, fictitious, or fraudulent certification may render the maker subject to prosecution under Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001.) (B) Offerors requesting waiver of First Article Approval Requirements under the provisions of this clause are cautioned to submit two prices for articles required herein - one that is based on compliance with the First Article Approval Requirements and one that is based on a waiver of such requirements. Where an offeror submits only one price and fails to clearly state that the price is based on waiver of the First Article Approval Requirements it will be deemed to be based on compliance with the First Article Approval Requirements (C) In the event of the First Article Approval Requirement is granted, the delivery schedule for the production items shall be reduced by the number of days designated for delivery of First Article Test unit plus the number of calendar days indicated for the government notification of conditional approval or approval. These requirements are specified in the quality assurance section of this solicitation. If the offeror is unable to meet the desired schedule, he shall insert below the alternate delivery schedule he offers to the government. Offeror's Proposed Alternate Delivery Schedule (Based on Waiver of First Article Approval Requirements) Within Days: Item No. _______________ Quantity:_______ After Date of Contract:__________ 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE Upon award of the contract, please provide 0771.15 with a copy of contract.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156976549
  - Email: KIMBERLY.FLORES12.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/91efe3a2755e47279409f52a14c53871/view)