---
layout: default
title: DLP Aluminum
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 54880a9a188e42c284eda50827ff899c
---

# DLP Aluminum

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 07:43:04.033-04
- Solicitation Number: SV0206-26

## Summary

SV0206-26 DLP Aluminum TERMS OF DELIVERY ARE F.O.B. DESTINATION TO: UNICOR, Federal Prison Industries, Inc. 14601 BURBRIDGE ROAD SE CUMBERLAND, MD 21502 Solicitation is issued as a two (2) year firm fixed price indefinite delivery-indefinite quantity type contract with Economic Price Adjustment for PCU331315331315 Aluminum Sheet, Plate, and Foil Manufacturing. Offerors who do not agree with the Producer Price Index listed above are required to submit the price index that they believe is correct to the contracting officer at least five (5) calendar days prior to the due date for offers. The index submitted will be evaluated, and changed by amendment to the solicitation if necessary. PPI #____________________________________________ SOLICITATION IS 100% SET-ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESS. QUESTIONS PERTAINING TO THIS SOLICITATION WILL ONLY BE ADDRESSED IN WRITING VIA EMAIL TO: Wesley.newell2@usdoj.gov. For a list, description and total estimated quantities of all items, refer to Section B. UNICOR’s desired delivery is 21 calendar days or sooner from receipt of each delivery order issued. Vendors are required to provide their best manufacturing/delivery time for evaluation which will be evaluated under technical factors as a go/no go. Delivery schedule will be established at time of award. Delivery orders will be issued in accordance with 52.216-19. Vendors shall submit signed and dated offers by email to: Wesley.Newell2@usdoj.gov OMB Clearance 1103-0018. SAM.gov Solicitation Posting: 3/27/2026 Questions Deadline: 4/3/2026 8AM EST Proposal Deadline: 4/17/2026 2PM EST Offer must indicate Solicitation No. SV0206-26, time specified for receipt of offer, name, address and telephone number of Offeror, technical description of the items being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation, terms of any expressed warranty, price and any discount terms. Offer must include acknowledgment of all amendments, if any. THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS REQUIRED TO BE COMPLETED BY THE OFFEROR: SAM UNIQUE ENTITY NUMBER:_______________________________________ VENDOR'S POINT OF CONTACT: _____________________________________ VENDOR'S TELEPHONE NUMBER: _____________________________ VENDOR'S EMAIL ADDRESS: ________________________________________ VENDOR'S BUSINESS SIZE (i.e. SMALL, LARGE, ETC.): __________________ By submission of an offer, the Offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the SAM database (System Award Management) prior to submitting a proposal, during performance and through final payment of any contract resulting from this solicitation. _______________________________________________ Signature The Administrative Contracting officer is Wesley Newell at Wesley.Newell2@usdoj.gov. SECTION B: Unicor is looking to create a contract for the following items: Line 1 SBL0127A ALUM-BLANK,10INX7IN,.040-THK,CAUTION* 50,000 EA ALUM-.040X2.5X15-C.YEL/C.YEL-MASK-SQ-CNR Line 2 SBL0133 ALUM,BLNK,.032"X4-1/2"X5",YELLOW 20,000 EA ALUM-.040X2.5X15-C.YEL/C.YEL-MASK-SQ-CNR Line 3 SBL0128 .032"X2-1/2"X15",RECTANGLE,ALUMINUM, 1,000 EA ALUM-.040X2.5X15-C.YEL/C.YEL-MASK-SQ-CNR PART I: INFORMATION This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is SV0206-26 and this solicitation is issued as a Request For Quote (RFQ). The North American Industry Classification System code is 331315 Aluminum Sheet, Plate and Foil Manufacturing (small business size 1,400). This requirement is 100% set-aside for small business; small business size standard for this solicitation is 1,400 employees. UNICOR, Federal Prison Industries, Inc., intends to enter into a two (2)-year, firm-fixed-price, indefinite delivery-indefinite quantity contract for the following commercial item(s): SEE SECTION B FOR LIST OF ITEMS Guaranteed contract minimum is 40,000 FT. Minimum delivery order is 4,000 ft or $10,520. Maximum delivery order is 10,000 ft or $26,300. A Single Award or a Multiple Award may be made. Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) will be Michael Southern. Factory Manager, Unicor Cumberland Sign Factory, 301-784-1000. Any contract resulting from this solicitation will not be an obligation. Funds will be obligated by delivery orders. NOTICE TO GOVERNMENT WHEN CONTRACTOR(S) DELAYS: In the event the contractor(s) encounter difficulty in meeting performance requirements, or when there is an anticipated difficulty in complying with the delivery terms or completion dates, or whenever the contractor has knowledge that any actual or potential situation is delaying or threatens to delay the timely delivery/performance of this contract, the contractor must immediately notify the Field Administrative Contracting Officers at UNICOR Cumberland or in writing, giving pertinent details. This information will not be construed as a waiver by the Government of the required delivery schedule, or the Governments rights to impose consideration against delinquencies or other remedies provided by this contract. Contractor agrees that FPI is in the category of the most favored or best commercial customer category of the Contractor and as such, the Contractor will: During the contract period, the Contractor shall report to the Contracting Officer all price reductions offered to the category of customers that are considered by the Contractor to be their most favored or best commercial customer. 1. A price reduction shall apply to purchases under this contract if, after the award date, the Contractor- i) Revises downward its commercial catalog, price list, schedule, etc., to its best commercial customers (or category of customers) below the awarded price under this contract; ii) Grants more favorable discounts or terms and conditions to its best commercial customers than those contained in this contract that would result in prices below the awarded price under this contract, an/or iii) Grants special discounts to its best commercial customer (or category of customers) that would result in prices lower than the awarded price under this contract. 2. The Contractor shall offer the price reduction to FPI with the same effective date, and for the same time period, as extended to the commercial customer (or category of customers). The Contractor may offer the Contracting Officer a voluntary price reduction at any time during the contract period. The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer of any price reduction subject to this clause as soon as possible, but not later than 15 calendar days after its effective date. Future requirements for these or similar items from this or other UNICOR factories may be added to the resulting contract if considered to fall within the scope of work and the price is determined to be fair and reasonable. Packaging shall comply with the specifications of ASTM D-3951-95, standard practice for commercial packages. INVOICES ARE TO BE EMAILED TO: Accounts.payable@usdoj.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Wesley Newell
  - Email: wesley.newell2@usdoj.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/54880a9a188e42c284eda50827ff899c/view)