---
layout: default
title: 6530--BRAND NAME OR EQUAL HOSPITAL ICU BEDS
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5a47ee480852439d950560184a286def
---

# 6530--BRAND NAME OR EQUAL HOSPITAL ICU BEDS

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 07:39:33.657-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0481
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This is not a solicitation for bids, proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of all qualified sources to perform a potential requirement and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSBs, Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSBs) and other small businesses interested and capable of providing the items requested, as well as any large business interested and capable. This REQUEST FOR INFORMATION/SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE is in support of the Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System, North Little Rock, AR is for market research purposes only to determine the availability of potential contractors with capability to provide the requirement described below. This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only. This Sources Sought Notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response to this notice. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the market research. Results will be used to determine if a set aside is appropriate for this requirement. The intended contract is a firm-fixed price purchase. Interested parties shall provide, at a minimum, the following information: 1) . Company name, address, point of contact, and point of contact email address and phone number. 2) SAM.gov UEI 3) The Anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 339113 (Surgical & Appliance & Supplies Manufacturing). To qualify as a small business for Federal Government programs the largest a firm can be is no more than 800 employees. Please indicate whether your company is a Small Business, SDVOSB, VOSB, Small Business manufacturer, Other Small Business, or Large Business and whether you are the manufacturer of the item listed below? 5. If you are not a manufacturer, only authorized representative/providers/distributors of the manufacturer will be considered. Please provide a proof of authorized dealer or reseller letter from the manufacturer. If a nonmanufacturer, will vendor provide the items of a small business manufacturer? 6. If you are the manufacturer, do you have any designated or authorized distributors or resellers? If so, please provide their name, telephone number, and point of contact and size status (if available). 7. Please provide the manufacturing country of origin. 8. This is a brand name or equal requirement. Please identify manufacturer name (OEM) and manufacturer part number, as well as any warranty information, for the proposed equipment. Equipment must be new; no used or refurbished equipment is acceptable. 9. Please provide a courtesy quote in response to this request to assist in evaluating price reasonableness for any set-aside determination. 10. Please provide any existing Government Contract Number and the contract scope and expiration date. It is the intent of the Government to use the information gathered from this Request for Information/Sources Sought Notice for market research purposes only. If a formal solicitation is released, it will be posted via the Contracting Opportunities website located at www.sam.gov or GSA eBuy. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office (NCO) 16, is looking to obtain information on vendors who can provide the product as outlined below. This is an Unrestricted/Open Market Brand Name or Equal Request for Information/Sources Sought Notice. Delivery Address: CAVHS 2200 Fort Roots Drive Building 182 (Warehouse) NLR, Arkansas 72114 **Draft Salient Characteristics** Item: Brand Name or Equal Baxter/Hill-Rom Progressa + ICU Bed System (Qty 10) Standard features required: Flex-A-Foot Retractable Foot Control SlideGuard Frame Technology 30/45 Degree Head of Bed Alarm Night Light Hands Free Emergency CPR Trendelenburg Point of Care Siderail Controls Obstacle Detect System Drainage Bag Holders Four IV Sockets Patient Controls Backlighting Push Handles Bed Controls Line Manager PPM 3 Level Advanced Bed Exit Foot Controls Module Oxygen Tank Holder Point of Care Touch Screen on Both Sides 6" Casters Radiolucent Deck Included Options: Included Options: 36" Frame Width StayInPlace Patient Migration Includes Cont. Low Pressure English Language Labels Voltage: 120 Power Plug: NEMA5-15P (US) Accessory Outlet Caregiver Pendant X-Ray Sleeve In-Bed Scale O2 Tank Holder Module 107.95mm and 112.7mm Wi-Fi Module Open Market Frame Part Number: P7501A000032 ICU Bed System must have Progressa + Bed Frame Chair Egress Position Patient exit assist. Patient Migration System (Stay in Place tech) attached study how it cuts down on patient movement and migration in the bed which effects shear and friction on the skin. Percussion and Vibration Therapies. Advanced Microclimate technology not just LAL for heat but also remove moisture. Comfort Adjust on the Surface Allows you to control the comfort on the surface in different sections. Sleep mode on the surface Softens automatic adjustments for 8 hrs. Opti-rest - Supplies a wave like movement on the surface to help relax the patient. 3 mode bed exit alarm standard. Integrated dual Oxygen Tank Holder. Caregiver foot controls. 40 Wide Surface Option Proning Accessory X-ray Cassette Sleeve and Radiolucent Deck Vendor will provide delivery FOB destination, set-up, training, and (2) copies of Operator s and Service Manuals If your business is interested and capable of meeting this requirement, please send the capability statement (Responses to #1 through #10) outlined above and a courtesy market research quote to Arlene A. Blade at arlene.blade@va.gov no later than 8:00 am (CST) on March 20, 2026. Please include SSN Number 36C25626Q0481 Hospital ICU Bed in the subject line of your email response. NO TELEPHONE CALLS WILL BE ACCEPTED.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Arlene A. Blade
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: arlene.blade@va.gov
  - Phone: (318) 466-4281

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5a47ee480852439d950560184a286def/view)