---
layout: default
title: Ophthalmic Equipment Service
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 9a4635ec531a4ac0bb332dc611a18892
---

# Ophthalmic Equipment Service

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 10:43:13.338-04
- Solicitation Number: RFQ24626Q0013

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested in response to this notice and a written solicitation will NOT be issued. This solicitation is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). Submit only written quotes for this RFQ 246-26-Q-0013. This solicitation is 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET ASIDE. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-03. The associated NAICS code is 339115. This RFQ contains five (5) Line Items: CLIN DESCRIPTION Quantity Cost 01 Service for Cirrus 5000 S/N 5000-3885 02 Service for Cirrus 5000 S/N 5000-3784 03 Service for Cirrus 5000 S/N 5000-6595 04 Service for HFA3 860 S/N 860-11967 05 Service for HFA3 860 S/N 860-19706 06 Service for HFA3 860 S/N 860-19714 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 12-months from date of award. Vendor Requirements: SEE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK Submit Quotes no later than: 3/23/2026 01:00 p.m. CDT to the Following Point of Contact: Jarrod Prince, Contract Specialist, via Email: jarrod.prince@ihs.gov. or Carroll Delaune, Contract Specialist, via email: carroll.delaune@ihs.gov. Evaluation: FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation -- Commercial Items (completed as follows): (a) The Government will award a firm fixed price Purchase Order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, with the technical requirements and past history performance being more important than pricing. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Best Value (see criteria below) Technical The contractor shall provide maintenance services and repair for one (1) Zeiss Cirrus OCT 5000 and one (1) Zeiss HFA3 860 at each location approximately within a sixty (60) mile radius. (Lawton Indian Hospital, Anadarko Indian Health Center, and Carnegie Indian Health Clinic) Preventative Maintenance following the manufacturer’s guidelines Unscheduled repair visits to correct equipment malfunctions, which include OEM replacement parts, travel, and labor to restore the complete functionality to equipment Access to service hotline in case of an emergency or another issue regarding technical or application problems Hardware and software updates to enhance the performance of the equipment as recommended and issued by Carl Zeiss Remote support service to perform troubleshooting activities to identify sources of equipment malfunction Past History Performance Vendor shall submit at minimum 3 past history performance records. Pricing Pricing will be evaluated less than important than technical requirements and past history performance. Comparative Analysis - Comparison will be on the following elements: - Service, Repair, and Maintenance - Past Performance - Price will be evaluated as less than important than technical requirement and past history performance Comparative Analysis is a form of evaluation that allows the Government to compare major elements of a proposal to select the best value to the Government. VENDORS SHALL SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING: PAST HISTORY PERFORMANCE CONTRACT INFORMATION TECHNICIANS CERTIFICATIONS COMPLETED PRICE SCHEDULE INDIAN ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE REPRESENTATION FORM DETAILS OF MAINTENANCE AND SERVICE AGREEMENT This solicitation will result in a firm fixed price Purchase Order pursuant to the terms and conditions below. Terms and conditions other than those stated will not be accepted. The above pricing is all inclusive. PROVISIONS: The following FAR provisions apply to this solicitation: FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998). This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far and https://www.acquisition.gov/hhsar FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management (Nov 2024); FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (Aug 2020); FAR 52.204-22, Alternative Line-Item Proposal (Jan 2017); FAR 52.204-24, Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021); FAR 52.204-29, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Representation and Disclosures (Dec 2023); FAR 52.252-3, Alterations in Solicitation (Apr 1984) FAR 52.252-6, Authorized Deviations in Clauses (Nov 2020); HHSAR 352.226-4, Notice of Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise set-aside; HHSAR 352.226-5, Notice of Indian Economic Enterprise set-aside; HHSAR 352.226-7, Indian Economic Enterprise Representation; HHSAR 352.239-78, Information and Communication Technology Accessibility Notice. (Deviation) (FEB 2024) (a) Any offeror responding to this solicitation must comply with established HHS Information and Communication Technology (ICT) accessibility standards. Information about Section 508 is available at https://www.hhs.gov/web/section-508/index.html. (b) The Section 508 accessibility standards applicable to this solicitation are stated in the clause at 352.239-79 Information and Communication Technology Accessibility. In order to facilitate the Government’s determination whether proposed ICT supplies, products, platforms, information, and documentation meet applicable Section 508 accessibility standards, offerors must submit an appropriate HHS Section 508 Accessibility Conformance Checklist (see https://www.hhs.gov/web/section-508/accessibilitychecklists/index.html) or an Accessibility Conformance Report (ACR) (based on the Voluntary Product Accessibility Template (VPAT) see https://www.itic.org/policy/accessibility/vpat), in accordance with the completion instructions. The purpose of the checklists and conformance reports are to assist HHS acquisition and program officials in determining whether proposed ICT supplies, products, platforms, information, and documentation conform to applicable Section 508 accessibility standards. Checklists and ACRs evaluate—in detail—whether the ICT conforms to specific Section 508 accessibility standards and identifies remediation efforts needed to address conformance issues. (c) If an offeror claims its supplies or services meet applicable Section 508 accessibility standards, and it is later determined by the Government, i.e., after award of a contract or order, that supplies, products, platforms, information, documentation, or services support delivered do not conform to the described accessibility standards, remediation of the supplies, products, platforms, information, documentation, or services support to the level of conformance specified in the contract will be the responsibility of the Contractor at its expense. (d) In order to facilitate the Government's determination whether proposed ICT supplies meet applicable Section 508 accessibility standards, offerors must submit an Accessibility Conformance Report, in accordance with its completion instructions and tailored to the requirements in the solicitation. The purpose of the Report is to assist HHS acquisition and program officials in determining whether proposed ICT supplies conform to applicable Section 508 accessibility standards. The template allows offerors or developers to self-evaluate their supplies and document, in detail, whether they conform to a specific Section 508 accessibility standard, and any underway remediation efforts addressing conformance issues. Instructions for preparing the HHS Section 508 Evaluation Template are available at https://Section508.gov/. (e) In order to facilitate the Government's determination whether proposed ICT services meet applicable Section 508 accessibility standards, offerors must provide enough information to assist the Government in determining that the ICT services conform to Section 508 accessibility standards, including any underway remediation efforts addressing conformance issues. (f) Respondents to this solicitation must identify any inability to conform to Section 508 requirements. If an offeror claims its supplies or services meet applicable Section 508 accessibility standards, and it is later determined by the Government, i.e., after award of a contract or order, that supplies or services delivered do not conform to the described accessibility standards, remediation of the supplies or services to the level of conformance specified in the contract will be the responsibility of the Contractor at its expense. (g) Items delivered as electronic content must be accessible to HHS acceptance criteria. Checklist for various formats are available at http://508.hhs.gov/. Materials, other than items incidental to contract management, that are final items for delivery should be accompanied by the appropriate checklist, except upon approval of the Contracting Officer or Contracting Officer’s Representative. (the offeror should include a completed copy of these provisions with their quote). CLAUSES: The following FAR clauses apply to this solicitation: FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far and https://www.acquisition.gov/hhsar FAR 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023); FAR 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020); FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018); FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (Aug 2020); FAR 52.204-19, Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (Dec 2014); FAR 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023); FAR 52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018); FAR 52.211-6, Brand Name or Equal (Aug 1999) FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023); FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Jan 2025)(DEVIATION FEB 2025); FAR 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999); FAR 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000); FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022); FAR 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (Feb 2024); FAR 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (Sep 2021); FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor (Jun 2003); FAR 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020); FAR 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020); FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020); FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021); FAR 52.223-20, Aerosols (May 2024); FAR 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (May 2024)(Deviation Feb 2025); FAR 52.225-13, Restrictions of Certain Foreign Purchases (FEB 2021); FAR 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024); FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer- System for Award Management (Oct 2018); FAR 52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered Entities (Nov 2024); FAR 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contract for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (MAY 2014) FAR 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (MAY 2014); FAR 52.252-4, Alterations in Contracts (Apr 1984): HHSAR CLAUSES: HHSAR 352.223-70, Safety and Health (Dec 2015); HHSAR 352.226-1, Indian Preference (Dec 2015); HHSAR 352.226-6, Indian Economic Enterprise Subcontracting Limitations; HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic submission of payment requests (FEB 2022); HHSAR 352.239-79, Information and Communication Technology Accessibility (Feb 2024) “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222- 25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.” Miscellaneous: NO FAX QUOTATIONS ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS – SUBMISSION VIA EMAIL IS THE ONLY ACCEPTABLE ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION. (jarrod.prince@ihs.gov or carroll.delaune@ihs.gov) All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management database located at https://www.sam.gov/sam/ prior to any contract award. Please submit the following information with each quote: Vendor Name, Cage Code, UEI, Tax Identification Number, Prompt Payment Terms, Delivery Time, GSA Contract Number (if applicable), Date quote expires, warranty, total price for each line item, total quote price, and technical documentation in sufficient detail to determine technical acceptability. Failure to provide sufficient technical detail may result in rejection of your quote.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: JARROD L PRINCE
  - Email: jarrod.prince@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 5803545378
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Carroll Delaune
  - Email: carroll.delaune@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 5803545383

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9a4635ec531a4ac0bb332dc611a18892/view)