---
layout: default
title: RLP 36C25026R0034- Warren, Ohio - Pre-award DIDs- Solicitation Posting (Full and Open)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 17663dbaed774ddbae2aa2ff92aff986
---

# RLP 36C25026R0034- Warren, Ohio - Pre-award DIDs- Solicitation Posting (Full and Open)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 16:12:54.688-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026R0034

## Summary

Amendment No. 0004 is issued by the VA to address RFI's under this procurement effort. ************************BREAK******************************** Amendment No. 0003 is issued by the VA to address RFI's under this procurement effort. ************************BREAK******************************** Amendment No. 0002 is issued by the VA to: 1) Extend the proposal deadline to March 13, 2026 @ 3:00pm ET; and 2) Address RFI's under this procurement effort. Amended Documents: a) RLP 36C25026R0034- Amended Sections 7.04 & 7.05. b) Exhibit A- Lease 36C25026L0008- Amended Sections 5.01 & 5.02. ************************BREAK******************************** Amendment No. 0001 is issued by the VA to address RFI's under this procurement effort. RFI's not addressed under this public release are planned for swift address forward. Amended Documents: a) RLP 36C25026R0034- Amended Sectios 1.04(11); 1.05(D); and 4.04. ************************BREAK******************************** **PRE_AWARD DIDS- RLP 36C25026R0034*** Set-aside: RLP 36C25026R0034 will not have an applicable set-aside. RLP 36C25026R0034 is released as a full and open competition procurement action. Description: The VA seeks to lease a maximum of 12,200 ABOA square feet (SF) of medical office space 100 surface/outside parking spaces, inclusive of ten percent (10%) ADA compliant parking spaces, with a minimum of one of every six accessible spaces being van accessible within all federal, state, and municipal code requirements; all of which are reserved for the exclusive use of the Government, in the delineated area explained below within the Warren, Ohio area. VA will consider space located in an existing building, as well as new construction, or a building being constructed for multi-tenant use and not specifically a build-to-suit for VA use only. A build-to-suit may be considered. Space Offered that may disrupt or interfere with current VA use or VA Patient Services may not be considered. ABOA is generally defined as the space remaining once common areas, lessor areas, and non-programmatic areas required by code are deducted from the rentable square feet of the facility. ABOA does not include areas such as stairs, elevators, mechanical and utility rooms, ducts, shafts, vestibules, public corridors, and public toilets required by local code. A detailed definition will be provided by VA, should a solicitation for offers or request for proposals be issued for this project. Lease Term: Not to exceed 20 years. AREA OF CONSIDERATION The Government requests Space in an area bounded as follows: Northern Boundary: Champion Ave; Johnson Plank Rd; Hoagland Blackstub Rd; OH-305; McCleary-Jacoby Rd; Youngstown Kingsville Rd NE, and Main St.; Eastern Boundary: Ohio Route 11; Southern Boundary: East Market St; Chestnut Ave SE; US-422 Western Boundary: – US-422; N Leavitt Rd NW. Buildings that have frontage on the boundary streets are deemed to be within the delineated Area of Consideration. Additional Requirements: The offered Building and/or Property must have the following features as a minimum requirement: The offered Building and/or Property must have the following features as a minimum requirement: 1. Site must be able to support municipal water and sewer utility services. 2. Be located on a single contiguous floor; 3. Bifurcated sites, inclusive of parking, are not permissible; 4. The following space configurations will not be considered: Space with atriums or other areas interrupting contiguous space, extremely long or narrow runs of space (more than twice as long as wide), irregularly shaped space configurations or other unusual building features adversely affecting usage, 5. Offered space cannot be in the FEMA 1-percent-annual-chance flood; 6. Offered space must be zoned for VA’s intended use 7. Offered space will not be considered if located in close proximity to property with incompatible uses, including but not limited to the following uses: cannabis dispensaries; liquor establishments, treatment centers, correctional facilities, where firearms are sold/discharged, railroad tracks, or within flight paths; 8. Space will not be considered where apartment space or other living quarters are located within the same building; 9. Offered space must be located in close proximity to amenities including but not limited to restaurants, hotels, pharmacy, and shopping; 10. Offered space must be located in close proximity to a hospital or stand-alone emergency room center and a fire department; 11. Offered space must be located in close proximity to public transportation. A commuter rail, light rail, or bus stop shall be located within the immediate vicinity of the building; 12. Offered space must be easily accessible to multiple highways which provide multiple routes of travel, 13. Loading area with a two exterior doors each 3’-0” opening width; and a single interior door at 4’-0” opening width. 14. The parking lot must be able to accommodate deliveries by box trucks; and provide enough area for a semi-trailer to enter, park, and exit the lot; however; semi-trailers would not utilize the loading dock. 15. Structured parking under the space is not permissible; 16. Offered space must meet Federal and Local Government requirements for fire safety, physical security, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the formal request for proposals (pending issuance); 17. A fully serviced lease is required; 18. Offered space must be compatible for VA’s intended use; 19. Space must not have any environmental issues or hazards. 20. Must meet Government requirements for fire safety, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the Lease. Government Points of Contact: Contract Specialist- Brian Walton- Brian.Walton@va.gov, 216-447-8300 x49519.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Walton
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: brian.walton@va.gov
  - Phone: 216-447-8300 x 49519

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Lease 36C25026L0008- Amended Sections 5.01 & 5.02. ************************BREAK******************************** Amendment No. 0001 is issued by the VA to address RFI"s under this procurement effort. RFI"s not addressed under this public release are planned for swift address forward. Amended Documents: a) RLP 36C25026R0034- Amended Sectios 1.04(11); 1.05(D); and 4.04. ************************BREAK******************************** **PRE_AWARD DIDS- RLP 36C25026R0034*** Set-aside: RLP 36C25026R0034 will not have an applicable set-aside. RLP 36C25026R0034 is released as a full and open competition procurement action. Description: The VA seeks to lease a maximum of 12,200 ABOA square feet (SF) of medical office space 100 surface/outside parking spaces, inclusive of ten percent (10%) ADA compliant parking spaces, with a minimum of one of every six accessible spaces being van accessible within all federal, state, and municipal code requirements; all of which are reserved for the exclusive use of the Government, in the delineated area explained below within the Warren, Ohio area. VA will consider space located in an existing building, as well as new construction, or a building being constructed for multi-tenant use and not specifically a build-to-suit for VA use only. A build-to-suit may be considered. Space Offered that may disrupt or interfere with current VA use or VA Patient Services may not be considered. ABOA is generally defined as the space remaining once common areas, lessor areas, and non-programmatic areas required by code are deducted from the rentable square feet of the facility. ABOA does not include areas such as stairs, elevators, mechanical and utility rooms, ducts, shafts, vestibules, public corridors, and public toilets required by local code. A detailed definition will be provided by VA, should a solicitation for offers or request for proposals be issued for this project. Lease Term: Not to exceed 20 years. AREA OF CONSIDERATION The Government requests Space in an area bounded as follows: Northern Boundary: Champion Ave; Johnson Plank Rd; Hoagland Blackstub Rd; OH-305; McCleary-Jacoby Rd; Youngstown Kingsville Rd NE, and Main St.; Eastern Boundary: Ohio Route 11; Southern Boundary: East Market St; Chestnut Ave SE; US-422 Western Boundary: – US-422; N Leavitt Rd NW. Buildings that have frontage on the boundary streets are deemed to be within the delineated Area of Consideration. Additional Requirements: The offered Building and/or Property must have the following features as a minimum requirement: The offered Building and/or Property must have the following features as a minimum requirement: 1. Site must be able to support municipal water and sewer utility services. 2. Be located on a single contiguous floor; 3. Bifurcated sites, inclusive of parking, are not permissible; 4. The following space configurations will not be considered: Space with atriums or other areas interrupting contiguous space, extremely long or narrow runs of space (more than twice as long as wide), irregularly shaped space configurations or other unusual building features adversely affecting usage, 5. Offered space cannot be in the FEMA 1-percent-annual-chance flood; 6. Offered space must be zoned for VA’s intended use 7. Offered space will not be considered if located in close proximity to property with incompatible uses, including but not limited to the following uses: cannabis dispensaries; liquor establishments, treatment centers, correctional facilities, where firearms are sold/discharged, railroad tracks, or within flight paths; 8. Space will not be considered where apartment space or other living quarters are located within the same building; 9. Offered space must be located in close proximity to amenities including but not limited to restaurants, hotels, pharmacy, and shopping; 10. Offered space must be located in close proximity to a hospital or stand-alone emergency room center and a fire department; 11. Offered space must be located in close proximity to public transportation. A commuter rail, light rail, or bus stop shall be located within the immediate vicinity of the building; 12. Offered space must be easily accessible to multiple highways which provide multiple routes of travel, 13. Loading area with a two exterior doors each 3’-0” opening width; and a single interior door at 4’-0” opening width. 14. The parking lot must be able to accommodate deliveries by box trucks; and provide enough area for a semi-trailer to enter, park, and exit the lot; however; semi-trailers would not utilize the loading dock. 15. Structured parking under the space is not permissible; 16. Offered space must meet Federal and Local Government requirements for fire safety, physical security, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the formal request for proposals (pending issuance); 17. A fully serviced lease is required; 18. Offered space must be compatible for VA’s intended use; 19. Space must not have any environmental issues or hazards. 20. Must meet Government requirements for fire safety, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the Lease. Government Points of Contact: Contract Specialist- Brian Walton- Brian.Walton@va.gov, 216-447-8300 x49519

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/17663dbaed774ddbae2aa2ff92aff986/view)