---
layout: default
title: Legal and Strategic Advisory Services
agency: FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: aaf5734a738a4fde9ee51e99f51b2bde
---

# Legal and Strategic Advisory Services

- Agency: FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-30 14:04:13.432-04
- Solicitation Number: FHF-26-R-0032

## Summary

Amendment 1 The purpose of this amendment is to post the questions and answers and incorporate a revised Attachment B. [End of Amendment 1] This is a combined synopsis/solicitation and request for proposal (RFP) for commercial products or commercial services in accordance with the procedures of Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services and FAR part 15 - Contracting by Negotiation. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation with offers requested. The FHFA has a requirement for law firms to provide legal and strategic advisory services to FHFA, which may include but are not limited to: litigation at the state and federal level; oversight and coordination of legal strategy; advice on policy decision making; regulatory advice with respect to the Regulated Entities, the Office of Finance, and U.S. FinTech LLC; significant experience with the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008; legal advice in the areas of banking law, securities law, financial services regulation law; significant experience with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, bankruptcy law, real estate law, antitrust law, administrative law, corporate law (including matters involving boards of directors and governance), insurance law, conservatorships and receiverships of financial institutions, insolvency law, artificial intelligence, privacy law (including but not limited to Privacy Act and Freedom of Information Act matters), internal operations, and other areas of law as needed. A significant portion of the work under these contracts is anticipated to be litigation related, both at the trial court and appellate levels. Litigation services may include, but are not limited to, investigations relating to fraud or other matters; multifamily and single-family real estate matters such as foreclosures, receiverships, or lien priority; federal, state, and local actions that may involve fines, fees, or penalties; issues that may arise related to the conservatorships of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac; and other litigation or legal advice concerning matters related to the Regulated Entities, the Office of Finance, and U.S. FinTech, LLC. For litigation services, the Contractor shall also provide, as directed by FHFA, court reporting, videography, electronic discovery, exhibit preparation, and expert consultants/witnesses, and any other litigation related services as needed, including administrative and operational support services to support the representation of FHFA. In addition to litigation related issues, contractors are sought for non-litigation areas of legal practice to provide legal advice, analysis, and fact-finding, if appropriate, that are related to the areas of expertise described above. Please refer to Attachment A Performance Work Statement (PWS) for additional information. FHFA anticipates awarding multiple (likely no more than five (5)) Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract(s) with an ordering period of five (5) years. Questions or other suggested changes must be submitted via email to Laura Baker, Contracting Officer at Laura.Baker@fhfa.gov by 4:00pm Eastern on March 26, 2026. Offerors must use Attachment F to organize and submit their questions. The Phase I submission is due no later than the date and time identified on the Contract Opportunities webpage. Please refer to the attachments for additional information.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Laura Baker
  - Email: laura.baker@fhfa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . [End of Amendment 1] This is a combined synopsis/solicitation and request for proposal (RFP) for commercial products or commercial services in accordance with the procedures of Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services and FAR part 15 - Contracting by Negotiation. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation with offers requested. The FHFA has a requirement for law firms to provide legal and strategic advisory services to FHFA, which may include but are not limited to: litigation at the state and federal level; oversight and coordination of legal strategy; advice on policy decision making; regulatory advice with respect to the Regulated Entities, the Office of Finance, and U.S. FinTech LLC; significant experience with the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008; legal advice in the areas of banking law, securities law, financial services regulation law; significant experience with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, bankruptcy law, real estate law, antitrust law, administrative law, corporate law (including matters involving boards of directors and governance), insurance law, conservatorships and receiverships of financial institutions, insolvency law, artificial intelligence, privacy law (including but not limited to Privacy Act and Freedom of Information Act matters), internal operations, and other areas of law as needed. A significant portion of the work under these contracts is anticipated to be litigation related, both at the trial court and appellate levels. Litigation services may include, but are not limited to, investigations relating to fraud or other matters; multifamily and single-family real estate matters such as foreclosures, receiverships, or lien priority; federal, state, and local actions that may involve fines, fees, or penalties; issues that may arise related to the conservatorships of Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac; and other litigation or legal advice concerning matters related to the Regulated Entities, the Office of Finance, and U.S. FinTech, LLC. For litigation services, the Contractor shall also provide, as directed by FHFA, court reporting, videography, electronic discovery, exhibit preparation, and expert consultants/witnesses, and any other litigation related services as needed, including administrative and operational support services to support the representation of FHFA. In addition to litigation related issues, contractors are sought for non-litigation areas of legal practice to provide legal advice, analysis, and fact-finding, if appropriate, that are related to the areas of expertise described above. Please refer to Attachment A Performance Work Statement (PWS) for additional information. FHFA anticipates awarding multiple (likely no more than five (5)) Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract(s) with an ordering period of five (5) years. Questions or other suggested changes must be submitted via email to Laura Baker, Contracting Officer at Laura.Baker@fhfa.gov by 4:00pm Eastern on March 26, 2026. Offerors must use Attachment F to organize and submit their questions. The Phase I submission is due no later than the date and time identified on the Contract Opportunities webpage. Please refer to the attachments for additional information

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/aaf5734a738a4fde9ee51e99f51b2bde/view)