---
layout: default
title: INDUSTRY PARTNERSHIP OPPORTUNITY: U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command (ATEC) Announces Availability of Premier National Test Ranges
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 932b763b75ea44e4b13581d88b4ecbf7
---

# INDUSTRY PARTNERSHIP OPPORTUNITY: U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command (ATEC) Announces Availability of Premier National Test Ranges

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-26 09:58:58.711-04
- Solicitation Number: ATEC_122025

## Summary

Description The U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command (ATEC) invites its partners in private industry, academia, and other government agencies to leverage our premier, world-class Test and Evaluation (T&E) infrastructure. ATEC's national test ranges, which are national assets, are available for use by external organizations to support your internal Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation (RDT&E) activities. To support Army transformation, ATEC is streamlining access for industry partners to rapidly leverage these one-of-a-kind facilities and expertise, speeding capability maturation and delivery outside of traditional T&E programs and channels. This initiative provides a unique opportunity for our partners to access and leverage assets, capabilities, and environments that are not available anywhere else in the world, enabling comprehensive and realistic experimentation, research, and testing of your systems and technologies. Please see https://atec.army.mil/home/rfts/ for more information and inquiries. Available Premier Test Facilities ATEC offers a diverse set of environments across its portfolio of test centers. These test centers maintain core expertise in particular mission areas but offer an array of assets and capabilities as part of the Department of War Major Range and Test Facility Base for full-scope testing, experimentation, research, and development. They include: Aberdeen Test Center (ATC), Maryland: Located at Aberdeen Proving Ground, ATC is a premier center for direct-fire, survivability, and vulnerability testing. Its unique location experiences approximately 80% of the world's climates, offering an unmatched outdoor laboratory for comprehensive testing of combat vehicle performance, weapon systems, and soldier protection systems. Dugway Proving Ground (DPG), Utah: DPG is the nation's primary facility for testing and evaluating chemical and biological defense systems. Spanning nearly 800,000 acres, it offers state-of-the-art laboratories, large-scale test chambers, and extensive field test grids to ensure materiel will protect against chemical, biological, radiological, and explosive (CBRE) hazards. Beyond its traditional mission, DPG's expansive range space and unique facilities are ideal for supporting rapid, affordable industry experimentation in Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS), Counter-UAS (C-UAS), and Launched Effects (LE), from component prototypes to full systems. Electronic Proving Ground (EPG), Fort Huachuca, Arizona: As ATEC's designated tester for command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems, EPG specializes in putting networks and emerging technologies to the test in operationally realistic environments. The Buffalo Soldier Electronic Test and Training Range offers 1.6 million acres for maneuver and 970 square miles of restricted air space for various RDT&E activities. Redstone Test Center (RTC), Alabama: Located at Redstone Arsenal, RTC takes a customer-oriented approach, providing technical expertise and state-of-the-art facilities for testing aviation, missiles, and sensor systems, subsystems, and components. RTC specializes in environmental and climatic testing, dynamic testing (shock and vibration), and Hardware-in-the-Loop (HWIL) simulations to ensure the performance and reliability of military hardware. White Sands Missile Range (WSMR), New Mexico: As the Department of War's largest open-air land test range, WSMR provides an unparalleled environment for testing missiles, rockets, unmanned systems, directed energy, electromagnetic environmental effects, and nuclear effects. Its vast, restricted airspace (ground to space) and diverse terrain are ideal for comprehensive system-of-systems testing. Yuma Proving Ground (YPG), Arizona: As one of the largest military installations in the world, YPG is the Army's premier desert environmental test center. With over 1,300 square miles and 350 days of sunshine per year, it is the ideal location for year-round testing of long-range artillery, vehicle performance on over 200 miles of road courses, and extensive air delivery systems, including cargo and personnel parachutes. U.S. Army Arctic Regions Test Center – Fort Greely, Alaska: The U.S. Army Arctic Regions Test Center plans and conducts natural environment Arctic testing year-round to inform Department of War and mission partner materiel development and procurement decisions. The Army’s extreme cold weather test center is recognized for its world-class expertise in developmental testing of military equipment in these challenging conditions. ARTC can provide testing of equipment that requires position, navigation, and timing due to the geographic latitude of their test center. U.S. Army Tropic Regions Test Center – Panama and Suriname: The U.S. Army Tropic Regions Test Center plans and conducts tropic environmental development testing on a broad scope of systems, materials, weapons, and equipment in hot, humid, tropical, climates with swampy terrain and dense vegetation, which has significant effect on equipment and materiel. Geography includes triple canopy jungle, coastal, and maritime environments. ATEC Test Mission Areas ATEC test centers maintain unique expertise and capabilities in the following designated test mission areas: Active Protective Systems Air Delivery Systems Air/Missile Defense Systems Aircraft Armaments Aircraft Systems (manned and unmanned) Automotive Vehicles (manned and unmanned) C4 - Command, Control, Communications, and Computers; includes Position, Navigation, and Timing and Enterprise Software Systems CBRN - Chemical, Biological, Radiological, and Nuclear Countermeasures- Improvised Explosive Device (IED) Counter-Unmanned Aircraft Systems (C-UAS) Direct Fire Systems; weapons and ammunition of all calibers Directed Energy Electronic Warfare/ Offensive Cyber Operations (OCO) Engineering Equipment General Support Indirect Fire Systems Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) Systems Missiles/Rockets Optical/Electro-Optical Systems Smoke and Obscurants What ATEC Offers Access to Unique Infrastructure: Utilize one-of-a-kind facilities, including extensive and restricted land and airspace, advanced instrumentation, and realistic threat simulation environments. Expertise and Support: Collaborate with our highly experienced workforce of engineers, scientists, and technicians who are leaders in the test and evaluation field. Cost-Effective Solutions: Leverage existing government infrastructure and support services for your testing needs, providing a cost-effective alternative to developing independent capabilities. Realistic Environments: Test your systems in diverse and challenging conditions, from desert and mountain terrains to complex electromagnetic environments. Formal Partnership Opportunities ATEC's Office of Research and Technology Applications invites you to partner with us through our Technology Transfer (T2) Program. We are actively seeking to partner with federal and non-federal entities, including industry, academic institutions, state/local governments, and non-profit organizations, to enhance Test and Evaluation Capabilities and Methodologies. Please see https://www.t2.army.mil/ or https://atec.army.mil/home/partner-with-us/ for more information on the Technology Transfer Program. Our program provides a direct path to leverage ATEC's unique technologies, advanced instrumentation, and specialized expertise. Using flexible mechanisms like Cooperative Research and Development Agreements (CRADAs), Material Transfer Agreements (MTAs), and Licensing Agreements, we can formalize a partnership tailored to specific goals that benefit your organization as well as ATEC, the Army, and the Department of War. By joining forces, you gain access to federally developed resources to solve complex challenges, while we work to transition technologies to the Warfighter. Together, we can accelerate technological advancement, strengthen the national industrial base, and deliver a decisive military advantage. To learn more or to begin a partnership discussion, please complete the following form: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=D9fm-kuVEUiStgUw1vhMQ3QU9wB3M7lOga6AkqaNsR1UQlk5NjhYOFFLNzdFRkpHVVFUN0pFWVlYUi4u Getting Started ATEC is committed to making our test ranges accessible and providing the support you need to achieve your internal experimentation, research, development, and testing objectives. For immediate inquiries and to discuss how ATEC's capabilities can support your specific experimentation and testing requirements, please contact the ATEC Test Operations Division. Points of Contact Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation ATEC Test Operations Division Email: usarmy.apg.atec.mbx.g3-5-test-ops-division@army.mil Phone: (520) 672-4317 Technology Transfer Office of Research and Technology Applications, Email: usarmy.apg.atec.mbx.atec-hq-dci-t2@army.mil To submit a request for test services, visit: https://www.atec.army.mil/rfts.html

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation ATEC Test Operations Division
  - Email: usarmy.apg.atec.mbx.g3-5-test-ops-division@army.mil
  - Phone: 1-520-672-4317
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Technology Transfer Office of Research and Technology Applications,
  - Email: usarmy.apg.atec.mbx.atec-hq-dci-t2@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/932b763b75ea44e4b13581d88b4ecbf7/view)