---
layout: default
title: Permafrost Maintenance and Repair
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 2b064ff92848456b8ff288494fe1ce8e
---

# Permafrost Maintenance and Repair

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 09:34:58.693-04
- Solicitation Number: W913E526QA004

## Summary

Amendment 0001 has been posted to revise the Performance Work Statement (PWS) Task 2.b. Preventative Maintenance, update Attachment 1 - Pricing Matrix, extend the site visit request date to 24 March 2026 and extend the solicitation closign date to 31 March 2026. See attachment. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotes are being requested and a written solicitation is attached. Solicitation number W913E526QA004 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for permafrost tunnel recurring and preventative maintenance. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The CRREL Research and Engineering Division (RED) has a requirement for an upgrade of the refrigeration system and for recurring maintenance services for the air cooling and filtration systems at its Permafrost Tunnel Research Facility. Required services over a 12-month period: - De-winterization and system startup (once annually, as needed) - Periodic preventative maintenance inspections (weekly) - Respond to trouble calls (as requested) - Shut down, condition, and winterize system (once annually, as needed) - Conduct system repairs (as authorized) The existing refrigeration system is installed in the permafrost tunnel portion of the Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory (CRREL) Permafrost Tunnel Research Facility (PTRF) located at 2100 Steese Hwy, Fairbanks, AK. Offeror must meet the required performance start date of 15 April 2026. Inspection and acceptance will take place at the PTRF. Offerors are directed to the attached Request for Quotation (RFQ) for comprehensive instructions, including all applicable provisions and clauses. Adherence to the 'Instructions to Offerors' section is mandatory. A compliant quote requires a thorough review of all four attachments: Request For Quotation, pricing matrix, site conditions, and wage determinations. Quotes are due no later than 12:00 PM CDT on Tuesday, March 31, 2026. Quotes shall be submitted via email to: Tomeka.J.McNeely@usace.army.mil Site Visit Requests An escorted site visit is required during the solicitation period to review the area of service. All site visit requests shall be submitted via email no later than 24 March 2026 at 4:00 PM CST to: Jenna.N.Williams@usace.army.mil Tomeka.J.McNeely@usace.army.mil The subject line of the email shall read: “Permafrost Tunnel Site Visit Request.” The request shall include: Company name Names of all individuals attending in person For each attendee: U.S. Driver’s License issuing state and driver’s license number Phone number of the lead company representative Failure to provide complete information may result in denial of site access. Award will be made to the responsible offeror whose offer represents the Best Value to the Government, in consideration of all factors. The basis for award will be an acceptable quote, the price of which may not be the lowest. *Note: To be eligible for award of a Government contract, vendors must be actively registered in the System for Award Management (SAM), have no active exclusions, and complete representations and certifications. For more information, review the SAM website at https://www.sam.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tomeka McNeely
  - Email: Tomeka.J.McNeely@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Pricing Matrix, extend the site visit request date to 24 March 2026 and extend the solicitation closign date to 31 March 2026. See attachment. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotes are being requested and a written solicitation is attached. Solicitation number W913E526QA004 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for permafrost tunnel recurring and preventative maintenance. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The CRREL Research and Engineering Division (RED) has a requirement for an upgrade of the refrigeration system and for recurring maintenance services for the air cooling and filtration systems at its Permafrost Tunnel Research Facility. Required services over a 12-month period: - De-winterization and system startup (once annually, as needed) - Periodic preventative maintenance inspections (weekly) - Respond to trouble calls (as requested) - Shut down, condition, and winterize system (once annually, as needed) - Conduct system repairs (as authorized) The existing refrigeration system is installed in the permafrost tunnel portion of the Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory (CRREL) Permafrost Tunnel Research Facility (PTRF) located at 2100 Steese Hwy, Fairbanks, AK. Offeror must meet the required performance start date of 15 April 2026. Inspection and acceptance will take place at the PTRF. Offerors are directed to the attached Request for Quotation (RFQ) for comprehensive instructions, including all applicable provisions and clauses. Adherence to the "Instructions to Offerors" section is mandatory. A compliant quote requires a thorough review of all four attachments: Request For Quotation, pricing matrix, site conditions, and wage determinations. Quotes are due no later than 12:00 PM CDT on Tuesday, March 31, 2026. Quotes shall be submitted via email to: Tomeka.J.McNeely@usace.army.mil Site Visit Requests An escorted site visit is required during the solicitation period to review the area of service. All site visit requests shall be submitted via email no later than 24 March 2026 at 4:00 PM CST to: Jenna.N.Williams@usace.army.mil Tomeka.J.McNeely@usace.army.mil The subject line of the email shall read: “Permafrost Tunnel Site Visit Request.” The request shall include: Company name Names of all individuals attending in person For each attendee: U.S. Driver’s License issuing state and driver’s license number Phone number of the lead company representative Failure to provide complete information may result in denial of site access. Award will be made to the responsible offeror whose offer represents the Best Value to the Government, in consideration of all factors. The basis for award will be an acceptable quote, the price of which may not be the lowest. *Note: To be eligible for award of a Government contract, vendors must be actively registered in the System for Award Management (SAM), have no active exclusions, and complete representations and certifications. For more information, review the SAM website at https://www.sam.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2b064ff92848456b8ff288494fe1ce8e/view)