---
layout: default
title: J065--Abbott EnSite and Claris Service
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: bf2e1775726d42e1aaf1236e65ea4886
---

# J065--Abbott EnSite and Claris Service

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 15:50:02.724-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0550
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 24 of 24 Page 1 of Page 1 of Page 1 of Page 1 of This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C26026Q0550. The Government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price service order from this solicitation. This is a solicitation for Prism IPX Paging System. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 Effective March 13, 2026. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811210, and the PSC is J065. All interested companies shall provide the following: The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Healthcare Administration, Regional Procurement Office West, Network Contracting Office 20, on behalf of the Puget Sound VA Healthcare System, requires on-site, full-service maintenance and repair services for Abbot systems in accordance with the Statement of Work below. The required period of performance shall be one year plus two 1-year option years. Price/Cost Schedule: Â Line Item Â Â Quantity Total 0001 BASE YEAR Abbott EnSite and WorkMate Claris Service Contract Includes service plans for the WorkMate Claris, EP-4 Cardiac Stimulator, EnSite X System, Ampere Generator, Cool Point Irrigation Pump, and TactiSys Quartz System YR 1 1001 OPTION YEAR ONE (1) Abbott EnSite and WorkMate Claris Service Contract Includes service plans for the WorkMate Claris, EP-4 Cardiac Stimulator, EnSite X System, Ampere Generator, Cool Point Irrigation Pump, and TactiSys Quartz System YR 1 2001 OPTION YEAR TWO (2) Abbott EnSite and WorkMate Claris Service Contract Includes service plans for the WorkMate Claris, EP-4 Cardiac Stimulator, EnSite X System, Ampere Generator, Cool Point Irrigation Pump, and TactiSys Quartz System YR 1 STATEMENT OF WORK Contract Title Abbott WorkMate Claris System and EnSite X EP System Service Contract for VA Puget Sound Health Care System Seattle Campus Background The Puget Sound Health Care System, Seattle Campus requires on-site, full-service maintenance and repair services to ensure the Abbott WorkMate Claris System, EP-4 Cardiac Simulator, and EnSite X EP System are kept in proper operating condition and ready for clinical use. Scope This contract includes all parts and service to properly provide preventative maintenance and on-site repairs to ensure that all units are fully operational according to manufacturer specifications prior to departure. Contractor shall provide all necessary travel, labor, materials, tools, documentation, and parts required for the inspection, support, and repair of the equipment, software, and accessories listed in the Schedule of Equipment. Specific Tasks Schedule of Equipment: Item # System Name Serial # 1 WM Claris System Display Plus 19540171 2 EP-4 Cardiac Stimulator 19532397 3 EnSite X System v1.1.1 19487218 4 Cool Point Pump US 4th Ed 19423744 5 TactiSys v1.7.1 Global Pack 35889 6 Ampere System Kit (US) 19487157 For Items 1 through 6, the contractor shall provide the following: Parts Replacement Coverage Software Upgrades / Revisions Annual Preventive Maintenance After Hour Preventive Maintenance On-Site Service, Priority Response Level 1 (within one business days) Shipping Level 1: First Overnight for down systems; for non-down systems, Priority Next Business-Day morning 24/7/365 Telephone Technical Support Remote System Diagnostics and Maintenance Loaner Systems / Components Technical User Training Course Credits Advanced Training Package 20% Parts and Services Discount Most Up-to-Date Commercially Available Hardware Upgrades / Revision Commercially Available Software Expansion Modules Technology Performance Package: replacement coverage for select normal wear-and-tear items Medinbox The contractor shall provide the Station Point of Contact reports for all work performed, as outlined in the Delivery Schedule. The contractor shall also, in addition to the reports in the Delivery Schedule, provide a monthly report showing all work accomplished that month and all work planned to be accomplished in the next month. The report will identify unresolved problems and their proposed solution, as well as resolved problems and the steps taken to resolve them. Report due by last day of the month. Performance Monitoring The contractor shall be monitored by the Station Point of Contact or their designee. The Station Point of Contact shall submit an annual performance evaluation to Network Contracting Office 20 summarizing the performance viewed over the period of performance. Security Requirements The contractor employees shall not have access to VA sensitive or computer information and will not require routine access to VA Facilities. The contractor employees shall require intermittent access only and will be escorted by VA employees while at VA Facilities. No background investigation is required. The contractor/subcontractor shall not make copies of VA information except as authorized and necessary to perform the terms of the agreement or to preserve electronic information stored on contractor/subcontractor electronic storage media for restoration in case any electronic equipment or data used by the contractor/subcontractor needs to be restored to an operating state. If copies are made for restoration purposes, after the restoration is complete, the copies must be appropriately destroyed. If VA determines that the contractor has violated any of the information confidentiality, privacy, and security provisions of the contract, it shall be sufficient grounds for VA to withhold payment to the contractor or third party or terminate the contract for default or terminate for cause under Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 12. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations All contractor personnel must have at least two years of field experience as a Field Service Engineer or meet OEM standards for a fully qualified Field Service Engineer to perform maintenance on the equipment. The Station Point of Contact shall conduct routine inspections, product sampling, and monitoring of work while contractor is on site. In the event of any concerns, the Station Point of Contact shall notify Network Contracting Office 20 and coordinate addressing the concerns. Risk Control Vendor must coordinate with station point of contact for access to the Seattle Campus. Once Vendor completes the service, they must check out with station point of contact to ensure that all work has been completed with no issues. If any issues arise the station point of contact must be contacted. Place of Performance Department of Veterans Affairs Puget Sound Health Care System Seattle Division 1660 S. Columbian Way Seattle, WA 98108-1597 The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (SEP 2024) 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representations (JAN 2017) 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018) 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards (MAY 2014)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation (JUN 2020) 52.233-2 Service of Protest (SEPT 2006) 52.252-1 Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) 852.215-72 Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternate Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) 852.239-71 Information System Security Plan and Accreditation (FEB 2023) 852.239-75 Information and Communication Technology Accessibility Notice (FEB 2023) System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS a) Submissions of Offer: Offerors are required to submit their offer in response to this solicitation specifically tailored to the unique requirements of the Statement of Work. Please submit the quote to Krystal.Weeks@gmail.com and nco20supplyteam2@va.gov by the time and date indicated on the face page of the solicitation document. Include the solicitation number in the Subject line. Any attachments must be readable using Microsoft Office or Adobe PDF. The size of the email is limited to 5 megabytes (MB), but multiple emails are allowable. Quotes must be submitted electronically and will not be accepted through fax or postal mail. b) Products/service capability description: Offerors shall provide confirmation from OEM that your company is an authorized provider for OEM parts, and authorization from the OEM authorizing your company to service the equipment proposed. c) Certification: Offer must demonstrate that personnel have the certification necessary to provide the service of the proposed equipment. d) Pricing: Complete the Pricing Table submitting a firm-fixed-price quote to include all costs associated with providing all line items listed. This should encompass labor, materials, travel, equipment, and any applicable fees. e) Required Submissions: Offers not providing the following may not be considered for award: 1. Signed Authorization from the OEM to provide OEM parts and service OEM equipment, 2. Evidence of ability to provide services as detailed in section b above, 3. If not local to the requisite service area, evidence detailing how and by whom all services in accordance with the Statement of Work will be made, 4. A list of technical certifications and experience of the individuals that will be providing the services and a company capability statement. Note: It is essential that all offerors follow these instructions in order to be considered for this award. Submit offers via email referencing the solicitation number in the subject line. (a) Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold or leased through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e., replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers. No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. (b) Offeror shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e., replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documentation, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (c) Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. (d) Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contractors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. (e) All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments, or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. (f) All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items : The Government may award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Offeror must be a manufacturer authorized provider for the items and provide sufficient evidence to show capability to comply with the requirements of the Statement of Work. 1. Price: The price will be evaluated based on the total of all contract line items. A price will be determined reasonable if, in its nature or amount, it does not exceed what would be incurred by a reasonably prudent person. *Adherence to the requirements of, and demonstrating capabilities to comply with, the Statement of Work is more important than price. Any offer not meeting these standards will not be evaluated for price. (a) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offeror's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products (OCT 2018) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-4 The following clauses are included as a part of the addendum: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) 52.203-6 ALT I. Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (NOV 2021) 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (JAN 2025)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.209-10 Prohibition of Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (NOV 2015)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (NOV 2020)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns (JAN 2025)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUN 2003)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUNE 2020)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUNE 2020)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-50 Combatting Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of Service Contract Labor Standards (MAY 2014)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.228-5 Insurance Work on a Government Installation (JAN 1997) 52.229-3 Federal, State, and Local Taxes (FEB 2013)(DEVIATION SEP 2025) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013) 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (NOV 2025) 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) VAAR Clauses: 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (MAR 2026)(DEVIATION) 852.204-71 Information and Information Systems Security (FEB 2023) 852.212-71 Gray Market Items (NOV 2018) 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899 (Deviation)(APR 2025) 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) 852.239-76 Information and Communication Technology Accessibility (FEB 2023) 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Krystal Weeks
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: krystal.weeks@va.gov
  - Phone: 253-209-3726

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bf2e1775726d42e1aaf1236e65ea4886/view)