---
layout: default
title: 43--PUMP,CENTRIFUGAL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 17eab8a9890041f68b7a1a75cdc33830
---

# 43--PUMP,CENTRIFUGAL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 04:05:09.306-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RSD73

## Summary

NSN 7H-4320-014860356, TDP VER 006, REF NR 082682MP, QTY 140 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. This part is a commercial/nondevelopmental/off-the-shelf item. Commercial item descriptions, commercial vendor catalog or price lists or commercial manuals assigned a technical manual number apply.Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specifications and Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases (QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoD Single Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service (DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://quicksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSIST Help Desk at 215-697-2667 or 215-697-2179(DSN: 442-2667), or mail their requestDLA Document Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094.The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. All responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals, quotations or capability statements. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. Companies who are not currently approved sources for the solicited item and are interested in doing business with NAVSUP can express their interest by completing a Vendor Interest Form at the NAVSUP Business Opportunities web portal at https://www.navsup.navy.mil/Business-Opportunities/Home/. The award action for the current solicited requirement will not be held up for attaining approval of an offeror that is not currently approved by the government for this item. This part is a commercial/nondevelopmental/off-the-shelf item. Commercial item descriptions, commercial vendor catalog or price lists or commercial manuals assigned a technical manual number apply.Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specifications and Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases (QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoD Single Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service (DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://quicksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSIST Help Desk at 215-697-2667 or 215-697-2179(DSN: 442-2667), or mail their requestDLA Document Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094.The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. All responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals, quotations or capability statements. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. d g

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: KARLA MADRID, N7M3.1, PHONE (717)605-4358, EMAIL KARLA.J.MADRID.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Email: KARLA.J.MADRID.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/17eab8a9890041f68b7a1a75cdc33830/view