---
layout: default
title: NASA Wallops Breakwater Project and NASA Wallops Beach Renourishment Project
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 73fef0f4f2864ca7bf2ba324a03c79de
---

# NASA Wallops Breakwater Project and NASA Wallops Beach Renourishment Project

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-24 10:15:46.629-04
- Solicitation Number: W9123626SA001

## Summary

03/24/2026 UPDATE: Final Industry Day Slides, Q&A Session, and Industry Day Attendance added as attachments to this posting. Please be advised: This single industry day will cover two separate and distinct projects, which will be solicited independently: the NASA Wallops Breakwater Project and the NASA Wallops Beach Renourishment Project. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Norfolk District (NAO) is hosting a VIRTUAL Industry Day event on 18 March 2026, from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) for industry contractors interested in the future NASA Wallops Projects: Breakwater and Beach Renourishment. Pre-registration is required for this VIRTUAL event. To RSVP, please provide your name, company, relation to the industry, and email address by email to Contract Specialists, Caleb Bookout at brian.c.bookout@usace.army.mil and MAJ George Jackson at george.jackson@usace.army.mil by close of business on 16 March 2026. A virtual calendar invite will be sent to registered participants prior to the event. There is no solicitation at this time. The event is neither a marketing opportunity for businesses, nor will it promote upcoming projects. Project 1: NASA Wallops Breakwater Project Description: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers – Norfolk District is seeking eligible firms capable of constructing breakwaters along the beach of Wallops Island. The number of proposed breakwaters for this project will be between two to four and placed approximately 200 feet offshore (from Mean High Water elevation). Each breakwater will be constructed of Type II rip rap for armor stone and VDOT Class III stone for core stone. The weight of material for each breakwater is approximately 10,000 tons. Breakwaters are to be placed on 12-inch-thick marine mattress with geotextile fabric. Water depths for breakwater placement range between -9.5 ft and -12.0 ft NAVD88. Each breakwater will be constructed to a crest height of +7 ft NAVD88. Material for breakwaters may be transported to the project site either by land or sea. Construction of breakwaters may occur either by land or sea. Various work restrictions are expected due to active rocket launches within the vicinity of the project site, which will require all construction activities to stop and personnel to vacate the premises for hours to day(s). USACE, Norfolk District, is anticipating soliciting a stand-alone (C-type) firm fixed price construction contract. In accordance with DFARS 236.204, the estimated construction price range for this project is between $10,000,000 and $25,000,000. NAICS Code 237990, Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction, applies to this project. The corresponding PSC code is Y1QA, Construction of Restoration of Real Property. The work will commence first with performance beginning within 30 calendar days of receipt of Notice-to-Proceed (NTP). The construction period of performance will be approximately 325 calendar days from issuance of the NTP. The purpose of the event is to seek industry input regarding best practices, alternative suggestions, and examples of past success on similar projects for the technical execution of the NASA Wallops Breakwater contract. The event will begin with the USACE-NAO’s presentation of the project’s plans and specifications, and the project site restrictions and limitations. At the conclusion of the presentation, there will be project discussion and question-and-answer period. USACE-NAO encourages participants to input suggestions to be considered for the final design and solicitation. In support of this Industry Day, draft Drawings and Specifications for the NASA Wallops Breakwater project are included with this posting for the purpose of receiving industry feedback. Please submit questions and suggestions for Discussion to Contract Specialist, Caleb Bookout at brian.c.bookout@usace.army.mil. The draft documents are for information purposes only and shall NOT be construed as the Solicitation. Draft documents are expected to be revised before the issuance of the Solicitation. The Solicitation for the NASA Wallops Breakwater project is expected to be in Fourth Quarter of FY26. This announcement is not a contract solicitation, request for proposal, promise to issue any future contract, forum to discuss upcoming work, nor commitment to offer work of any kind on the part of the Government. The Government will not assume liability for any costs and travel expenses incurred by an attendee for this event. Project 2: NASA Wallops Beach Renourishment Project Description: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers – Norfolk District is seeking eligible firms capable of performing beach nourishment at Wallops Island, VA. The work will be completed via hopper dredge while using the Unnamed Shoal “A” as the borrow source. More specifically, dredging will be permitted to a maximum depth of seven (7) feet below existing bottom within the borrow area. Existing bottom depths within the borrow source range between -34 ft NAVD88 and -60 ft NAVD88 based upon location. Dredged material generated by the project shall be transported and placed along the beach at Wallops Island. The borrow site will be located approximately eleven (11) miles from the placement site. Replenishment of the beach is estimated to require 1,500,000 to 2,500,000 cubic yards of pay volume and the Contractor shall be paid by cubic yard of material retained on the beach. The Contractor shall be responsible for the following: dredging within the designated area, transporting the dredged material to the beach at Wallops Island, discharging the material by hydraulic pump-off into placement site, grading the beach placement site to required elevations and dimensions, performing pre-placement and post-placement surveys of the dredged area and beach nourishment area, and communicating with maritime users to minimize impacts to vessel traffic, adjacent structures, and other dredging operations. USACE, Norfolk District, is anticipating soliciting a stand-alone (C-type) firm fixed price construction contract. In accordance with DFARS 236.204, the estimated construction price range for this project is between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000. NAICS Code 237990, Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction, applies to this project. The corresponding PSC code is Y1KF, Construction of Dredging Facilities. The work will commence first with performance beginning within 30 calendar days of receipt of Notice-to-Proceed (NTP). The construction period of performance will be approximately 325 calendar days from issuance of the NTP. The purpose of the event is to seek dredging industry input regarding best practices, alternative suggestions, and examples of past success on similar projects for the technical execution of the NASA Wallops Beach Renourishment contract. The event will present the project’s scope, dredge areas, pumping distances, dredged material placement considerations, and project site restrictions and limitations. At the conclusion of the presentation, there will be project discussion and question-and-answer period. USACE-NAO encourages participants to input suggestions to be considered for the final design and solicitation. In support of this Industry Day, draft Drawings and Specifications for the NASA Wallops Beach Renourishment project are included with this posting for the purpose of receiving industry feedback. Please submit questions and suggestions for Discussion to Contract Specialist, MAJ George Jackson at george.jackson@usace.army.mil. The draft documents are for information purposes only and shall NOT be construed as the Solicitation. Draft documents are expected to be revised before the issuance of the Solicitation. The Solicitation for the NASA Wallops Beach Renourishment project is expected to be in Fourth Quarter of FY26. This announcement is not a contract solicitation, request for proposal, promise to issue any future contract, forum to discuss upcoming work, nor commitment to offer work of any kind on the part of the Government. The Government will not assume liability for any costs and travel expenses incurred by an attendee for this event. POC(s): Caleb Bookout, Contract Specialist, Norfolk District; brian.c.bookout@usace.army.mil MAJ George Jackson, Contract Specialist, Norfolk District; george.jackson@usace.army.mil Alternate POC: Nikki Kirtsey, Contracting Officer, Norfolk District, tiffany.n.kirtsey@usace.army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CALEB BOOKOUT
  - Email: brian.c.bookout@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 7572017797
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: MAJ George Jackson
  - Email: George.Jackson@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 7572017712

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/73fef0f4f2864ca7bf2ba324a03c79de/view)