---
layout: default
title: 9999--West Haven Grounds and Maintenance
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 553aa6268931466abc013df11fc3ea1e
---

# 9999--West Haven Grounds and Maintenance

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 11:40:45.323-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0355
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought notice only. This is not a request for quotes and no contract will be awarded from this announcement. The Government will not provide any reimbursement for responses submitted in response to this Source Sought notice. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. The purpose of this announcement is to perform market research to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 561730, 9999) with a size standard $9.5 Million. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office 1 (NCO 1) is seeking to identify any vendor capable of providing Ground Maintenance at the West Haven VAMCÂ per the requirements below. Refer to theÂ Performance Work StatementÂ below for the requested requirement description. The standard shall be of quality; meeting or exceeding those outlined in the Performance Work Statement. This Sources Sought notice provides an opportunity for respondents to submit their capability and availability to provide the requirement described below. Vendors are being invited to submit information relative to their potential to fulfill this requirement, in the form of a capability response that addresses the specific requirement identified in this Sources Sought. Information received from this Sources Sought shall be utilized to facilitate the Contracting Officer s review of the market base, for acquisition planning, size determination, and procurement strategy. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by 10 am EST, Mar 26, 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to sheena.carlyle@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Interested parties should complete the attached Sources Sought Worksheet. Parties may submit additional information related to their capabilities, provided it contains all the requirements contained in the Sources Sought Worksheet. Responses to this Sources Sought shall not exceed 8 pages. In addition, all submissions should be provided electronically in a Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF format. SAM: Interested parties shall be register in the System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM will be ineligible to receive a government contract, should a solicitation be issued resulting from this Sources Sought. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract, should a solicitation be issued resulting from this Sources Sought. Attachment 1 Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ Other available contract vehicles (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): ________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: VIP Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) VIP Verified VOSB: (Y / N) 8(a): (Y / N) HUBZone: (Y / N) Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) verified in VetBiz Registry www.vetbiz.gov. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the service as listed in Attachment 2 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT with enough information to determine if your company can meet the requirement. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the PWS. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ Attachment 2 STATEMENT OF WORK WEST HAVEN GROUNDS MAINTENANCE VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System requires annual services for grounds maintenance, snow and ice removal, hauling, and treatment services at the West Haven VA Medical Center. JUSTIFICATION Services are required to support active Medical Center access and operations 24-hour access 7 days a week for veterans and staff. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 05/01/2026 04/30/2027. The contract will also contain provision for four (4) annual option years: Option Year 1: 05/01/2027 04/30/2028 Option Year 2: 05/01/2028 04/30/2029 Option Year 3: 05/01/2029 04/30/2030 Option Year 4: 05/01/2030 04/30/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field service representative located within 200 miles of, and a minimum response time of 2 hours to, the West Haven Campus of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have proper equipment, materials, and support to provide services. Bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of certification/training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. Mandatory Pre-Bid Site Visit Interested bidders shall participate in a mandatory pre-bid site visit and walk through at the VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516 at 9:00 a.m. on March 19, 2026. Bidders shall meet at Building 15 in the Facilities Management Service conference room to complete a sign-in sheet that will be submitted to the VA Contracting Officer. A temporary badge will be required upon arrival to Building 15. A valid Driver s License (any state) is required to obtain a temporary badge. VA Connecticut Healthcare System Facilities Management Maintenance Staff will escort an on campus walk through of all parking lot areas, drives, bays, salt shed storage, snow piling location(s) and any adjacent and/or ancillary spaces. Specific questions shall be directed to the VA Contracting Officer for a response. Description of Services 1. Perform Snow/Ice Removal

1.1 Snow Removal. The Contractor will remove snow from all sidewalks, steps, stairs, stair and ramp landings and entrance ramps as shown in (Appendix A), Snow Removal Map . The Contractor shall clear the sidewalks, steps, stairs, stair and ramp landings and entrance ramps to their full widths of snow accumulation, piles, or drifts. The Contractor will remove snow and ice from around fire hydrants and PIV pipes as indicated on (Appendix B). The Contractor will not use paved areas such as roads and parking lots shown in (Appendix D) for the piling and storage of removed snow. The facility has minimum snow dump area(s) available. The service provider shall pile and stack snow in a safe and efficient manner. Piles shall be stacked to maintain safety and maximum usable parking area. All snow removal zones (Appendix D) covered by this contract are considered as high priority and are expected to be worked on simultaneously. Snow will begin to be removed when accumulation meets one (1) inch and/or within one (1) hour after the snow stops, whichever occurs first. This may require multiple snow/ice removals each day. The Contractor will remove snow from all handicap access points throughout the campus (i.e. near building entrances). These areas must always remain clear of snow and ice. The Contractor will provide roads and parking lot snow removal on the VA West Haven campus, including: Snow Removal Roadways and Drives [Refer to the West Haven Campus Map and Parking Lot Inventory] Clear and remove snow at all roadways on the VA West Haven campus, including Campbell Avenue Entrance, Spring Street Entrance, Lawson Road, Service Road and to include area at Building 1 Loading Dock, Building 2 Loading Dock, Building 2 Main Entrance, Building 5 Main Entrance, Ambulance Bay, Ring Road, and area serving Building 19, Building 16, and Veterans Drive. Parking Lots [Refer to the West Haven Campus Map and Parking Lot Inventory Clear and remove all snow at all parking lots on the VA West Haven campus, including Parking Lot 1, Parking Lot 2, Emergency Room, Parking Lot 4, Parking Lot 5, Parking Lot 6, Parking Lot 7, Parking Lot 8, Parking Lot 10, Parking Lot 14, Parking Lot 15, Parking Lot 16, Fisher House, Parking Lot 18, and Parking Lot 24. Shoveling Clear and remove all snow at all sidewalks, building entrances on the VA West Haven campus, including Ambulance Bay at Building 2, Building 2 Main Entrance, Parking Lot 18, Spring Street, Building 19, Building 21, Building 24, Building 22, Building 5, building 27/34, Building 15, Building 15A, Building 16, Courtyard, Building 35, Building 35A, Building 36, Building 36A, Building 8, Building 8.5, Building 9, Building 39, Building 1 Morgue Loading Dock, Overlook Walkway near Building 1, Building 1 Warehouse Loading Dock, Building 1 PET CT, Steps from Overlook to Fisher House, building 11, Building 11A, Building 12, Building 12A, Building 14A, and Fisher House. West Haven VA Medical Center Parking Lot Inventory Parking Lot Campus Map Regular Spaces Accessible Spaces Parking Lot 1 P1 10 0 Parking Lot 2 P2 19 0 Emergency Room Emergency Care Ambulance Entry Ambulance Entry Parking Lot 4 Parking Garage P4 & Parking Garage 0 8 on street Parking Lot 5 P5 0 30 Parking Lot 6 P6 131 0 Parking Lot 7 P7 10 72 Parking Lot 8 P8 60 0 Parking Lot 10 P9, P10, P11, P12 906 8 Parking Lot 14 P14 19 0 Parking Lot 15 P15 38 0 Parking Lot 16 P16 12 0 Fisher House P17; Gate Operated Parking Lot 18 P18 164 11 Parking Lot 24 Building 24 9 0 Total 1378 129 West Haven VA Medical Center Sidewalk/Walkway and Building Entrance Inventory Description Campus Map/Building Numbers Area (SF) Sidewalk at Glade Street Parking to Spring Street Parking Lot 18 1053 Emergency Room Emergency Care/Ambulance Bay 295 Parking Lot 4 (New Parking Garage Open January 2025) Parking Lot 4 (Parking Garage Not In Contract). 600 Building 2 Main Entrance and Sidewalk to Glade Street and Spring Street Parking Lot 4, Parking Lot 5, Building 2, Parking Lot 3 1195 Sidewalk/Walkways from Ambulance bay to Building 2 Primary Care Entry along Spring Street Building 2, Parking Lot 2 961 Courtyard 25 1400 Sidewalk over Overlook Parking Lot 13 218 Stairs from overlook to Fisher House, and Sidewalks/Walkways at Lower Buildings along Campbell Avenue Building 11, Building 12, Building 11A, Building 12A, Building 14A, Fisher House 1624 Sidewalk along Warehouse Entry to P7 Parking Lot 7, Building 39 1451 Sidewalk/Walkways near Out Buildings 8, 8.5 and 9 Parking Lot 7, Building 8, Building 8.5, Building 9 674 Sidewalk/Walkways near Building 5, Building 27/34, and Building 21 Building 5, Building 34, Building 27, Building 21 480 Walkway/Building Entrance B24 Building 24 53 Sidewalk/Walkways and Building Entrance B22 Building 22 41 Sidewalk/Walkways and Entrances to Building 15A and Building 19 Building 15A, Building 19 466 Sidewalk/Walkways from Building 15 to Building 36 Building 15, Building 35A, Building 35, Building 36 1451 Sidewalk/Walkways at P8 and P9 Parking Lot P8 and Parking Lot P9 674 Total 12,636 SF Snow will be piled in such a manner as to maintain as many parking spaces as possible. At the end of each snowstorm contractor will be responsible for clearing 100% of site parking spaces per Appendix D. Snow can be moved to a limited number of on-site storage areas as directed by the COR or designee. Drive lanes will need to be plowed regardless of parking lot occupancy levels. Ice melt application is part of all snow events. Ice melt application shall be applied at a minimum with each snow/ice melt removal as defined above. Ice and snow melt materials are to be provided by the contractor as part of this contract.

1.2 Ice Removal. The Contractor shall immediately treat and remove ice to provide secure footing on all sidewalks, steps, stairs, stair and ramp landings and entrance ramps (Appendix A) and at the covered in this contract. The contractor will use an approved environmentally friendly ice melt product of Calcium Magnesium Acetate (CMA) such as Inferno or equal. The contractor may not use sand in lieu of approved snow melt. The Contractor will use a salt to treat roads and parking lots or other approved ice control products approved by the COR. A bulk salt storage area will be provided on site for contractor use.

1.3 Personnel Management. Contractor shall provide supervision as needed for full and proper utilization of contractor staff and coordination with the VA COR or Facilities Management Service designee. Contractor is responsible to ensure time billed to the Government adequately and properly accounts for work effort required for each snow/ice event. Provide standard log forms for review and approval by COR prior to the beginning of each option year. Submit daily activity logs and reports documenting each day s activities on campus. 1.4. Service Delivery Summary. The contractor service requirements are summarized into performance objectives that relate directly to mission essential items. The performance threshold briefly describes the minimum acceptable levels of service required for each requirement. These thresholds are critical to mission success.

1.5 Response Time & Hours of Operation The contractor will be required to provide 24/7 response to snow/ice events within a one (1) hour time frame.

1.6 Parking Garage Snow Removal Prior to each winter snow season, and occurring not later than November 1 of each contract year, the contractor and the COR plus VA representatives shall inspect all levels and surfaces in the garage for visible signs of damage. The contractor shall provided a written report, with photographs, documenting all damage identified by the group, no later than 10 calendar days after completion of the walkthrough for review. The COR will review and concur or return comments based on the report contents. The report shall serve as the basis for assessing damage following snow removal activities throughout the winter. The snow removal at the West Haven VA Garage shall be accomplished by using approved snow removal equipment and tools and by utilizing the snow gate and dumping area on site at the garage. These areas shall be reviewed prior to work being performed with the contractor responsible for snow removal. This shall be for the roof level of the garage where snow can accumulate during a snow event. Prior to the first snowfall of the season the contractor shall perform the below items to ensure the safety and protection of people and the Garage. Clearly mark any expansion joints that will not be visible to the operator when snow is present to prevent damage during plowing operations. Establish a snow removal logistics plan for plowing and dumping over the side at the snow gate. Foot traffic areas to be first then deck. Ensure that area where snow will be dumped is roped off and protected from pedestrian traffic. Inspect snow gate for functionality and train operator(s) on use and fall protection that may be required when gate is open. Ensure equipment used to move snow from the bottom of the snow gate to another location on campus is approved for use on sidewalks and landscaping. The following items identify the recommended process for snow removal while using a plow. Plows shall approach seams on the deck at no greater than a 75-degree angle as best as possible and reasonable To prevent premature joint failure or damage, plow shall be held up roughly 1" from the deck surface while plowing. Piling of snow is not authorized as the Garage was not designed for snow loading. A small pile at the snow gate prior to pushing over is okay, but not for long term. The following identifies equipment that can/shall be used for snow removal on the Garage. Snow shovels can always be used. Plow trucks shall not exceed 10,000 pounds fully loaded including any salt/sanding unit. Plow cutting edges or any other snow removal blades that will come into contact with the precast surface shall have a well-maintained rubber tipper blade/edge on them. 2. De-Icing Ice will accumulate on the upper deck and lower decks from precipitation or snow/ice melt from vehicles. The use of de-icing chemicals on Precast Concrete shall be monitored closely for proper, compatible, chemicals as using the wrong product can and will adversely affect the garages efficiency and longevity. This will lead to additional maintenance costs down the road. Prior to the first freeze of the season, the Contractor performing the work will provide the following. Submit the product they intend to use with at least one (1) alternate material in the event there is a shortage on the primary material. Walk the garage with maintenance team to ensure no drains are plugged or causing any ponding on the deck. Walk the garage to review any potential areas where constant attention may be required. Chemical deicer's come in many types, but only a select few are safe for use on precast concrete surfaces. Below are the only products authorized for use. Calcium Magnesium Acetate (CMA) works like rock salt, but does melt snow and ice slower, but it has no adverse effect on the concrete Urea Based deicer's may also be used but require a heavier application than the CMA. Equipment for de-icing must meet the same requirement for snow removal. Any truck-based spreader shall not exceed 10,000 pounds between truck and spreader. Hand spreaders, walk behind, etc. are okay to be used and are recommended. 3. Snow Removal Performance Objectives Performance Objectives SOW Paragraph Performance Standard Acceptable Quality Level Snow Removal

1.1 Snow is removed per section 1.1. Areas covered are safe for pedestrian and vehicle traffic Customer complaints do not exceed 2 per snow event. Ice Control/ Removal

1.2 Ice is treated and removed and is safe for pedestrian and vehicle traffic. Areas have adequate amount of ice melt used for conditions. Customer complaints do not exceed 2 per ice event. 2. Maintain Improved Grounds 2.1. Mow Improved Grounds. Grass shall be cut on approximately 30 acres of improved grounds at the West Haven VA Medical Center (Appendix C). Grass clippings shall be removed or mulched when visible after mowing including from sidewalks and paved areas. Contractor shall maintain the growth of grass height on improved grounds between 3 to 6 inches. The height is a guideline for a neat and professional appearance. All improved grounds shall always look well-manicured. Portable high CFM blowers will not be used to remove trimmings and debris from sidewalks and paved areas during normal working hours where there are personnel and/or where vehicles are parked.

2.2 Edging. Sidewalks, driveways, curbs, and other concrete or asphalt edges located in the improved grounds areas shall be edged at least every other mowing.

2.3 Trimming. Grass and weeds shall be trimmed around trees, shrubs, buildings, fences, poles, posts, fire hydrants, parking lot bumper blocks, boulders, and other fixed obstacles. Trimming height shall match surrounding area grass heights. This task involves all improved grounds as shown in (Appendix C). All areas shall be trimmed concurrent with mowing. Damage to trees and shrubs from trimming shall be repaired by the contractor. If a plant should die or become unhealthy due to damage, the contractor will be responsible for replacing the damaged plant with a plant of same size and type. Plant replacement shall occur within 15 days of noticed or reported damage. Contractor shall use caution and proper equipment/tools for edging performed near vehicles, buildings, and personnel. Contractor shall adjust their working times and hours at no cost to prevent damage to these items.

2.4 Irrigation. The Contractor will maintain and conduct spring turn-on and fall winterization of the irrigation system in front of Building 2 and within the island for the main flagpole near the parking garage.

2.5 Fall Leaf Removal. During the fall months, fallen leaves & branches shall be removed from those areas indicated in (Appendix C). Legally dispose of all debris at an off-site location in accordance with existing local, state, and federal regulations. 2.6. Repair Damaged Areas. Improved ground areas damaged by contractor vehicles and/or equipment shall be seeded or sodded to meet the standards of surrounding areas. Areas other than lawn areas will be repaired and restored to match the surrounding area. 2.7. Damaged or fallen tree removal. The Contractor will be responsible for removing any downed tree limbs and/or fallen trees on site. The Contractor must possess the proper equipment to safely remove damaged or fallen trees to include bucket truck, chipper, and trained chainsaw crews. 2.8. Apply Fertilizer and/or Lime. Not in the scope of work. 2.9. Perform Pest Identification and Control. Not in the scope of work. 2.10. Aerate Soil. Not in the scope of work. 2.11. Emergency and Special Events Services. Not in the scope of work. 3. Maintain Semi-Improved Grounds

3.1 Mow Semi-Improved Grounds. Grass cutting shall be accomplished on 5 acres of semi improved grounds as indicated in Appendix C. Contractor shall maintain grass on semi-improved grounds as set forth in Appendix C from 8 to 12 inches in height.

3.2 Service Delivery Summary. The contractor service requirements are summarized into performance objectives that relate directly to mission essential items. The performance threshold briefly describes the minimum acceptable levels of service required for each requirement. These thresholds are critical to mission success. Performance Objectives SOW Paragraph Performance Standard Quality Assurance Maintain improved and semi-improved grounds.

3.1 Grass is maintained within proper height for its area. Edging, trimming, leaf removal and repair to damaged areas done per the specifications in a timely manner. Customer complaints shall not exceed 2 per month. 4. Maintain Storm Drains

4.1 Storm Drain Cleaning. Storm drain maintenance and cleaning shall be accomplished on the full inventory of storm drains as indicated in Appendix E and Appendix F. Contractor shall maintain storm drains bi-annually in the month of April and October to perform cleaning by removing drain covers, cleaning excess debris inside the drain pipes, inspect at the sewer drain termination point, perform flushing of drain pipes, replace storm drain and termination covers, and inspect grates. Document any broken or defective catch basins. Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer and COR or designee of any such identified catch basins. If broken or defective catch basins prevent services from being completed at that time, coordinate a time to complete the service with the Contracting Officer and COR. Immediately notify the COR of any observations of discharges of sediments or pollutants into the stormwater systems in order to address potential contamination or impact to the system and/or the surface water body. The mechanical storm (vacuum truck or manual) drainage cleaning operation shall be completed in such a manner that there is no damage to the storm drainage structures, inlet grates, manhole covers, pipes or pipe pints. The contractor shall remove the drainage structure grate or cover (if necessary) and remove by mechanical means all materials that obstruct either the structure opening, interior structure pipe openings or pipes such as grass, FboNotices, or debris. Submit cleaning and inspection report to include all deficiencies, inspection data, and photographs within 14 calendar days to the VA Contracting Officer and COR.

4.2 Disposal. Sediment, waste materials and liquids collected in a stormwater system often contain petroleum, heavy metals, and organic matter. As a result, Toxicity Characteristic Leaching Procedure (TCLP) testing or analysis requirements for the destination disposal facility may be required. All testing or analysis are the responsibility of the contractor. The debris removal process shall be compliant to the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) MS4 Permit and the Department of Natural Resources and Environment Regulations. Decanting liquids and/or solids back into the stormwater system or sanitary sewer is strictly prohibited. Provide appropriate disposal of petroleum, contaminated water/oil (liquid phase) in accordance with the US Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) applicable regulations. Submit disposal reports to the VA Contracting Officer and VA COR within 30 calendar days of each scheduled cleaning. Performance Objectives SOW Paragraph Performance Standard Quality Assurance Maintain Storm Drains

4.1 Storm drains are maintained and cleaned annually and full report received in a timely manner. Customer complaints shall not exceed 1 per year. Disposal

4.2 Submit disposal report. Customer complaints shall not exceed 1 per year. 5. Sign-In/Out & Badging All Service Provider personnel, sub-Service Providers and representatives visiting VA sites will be required to sign in upon arrival at Building 15 and/or retain a temporary VA badge. Each visiting individual be required to enter their name, their company s name, VA project title, reason for visit, and the times of arrival and departure. Arrangements for after normal hour working site visits must be made in advance and during normal working hours. 6. Parking Parking is rigidly controlled at the facility. Contractor parking instructions shall be provided by the COR. Parking in designated patient parking areas is strictly prohibited. Parking on grass is also prohibited. Depending on the severity of the snowstorm, the contractor may be limited to the number of vehicles they can park on the VAMC site. Accommodations will always be made for a contractor work vehicle transporting personnel, equipment, and snow melt. Parking passes will be issued to the contractor for the season for work vehicles by the VA Police Office. One contractor vehicle is allowed to park on site Monday to Friday 6:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Outside of those hours, any number of vehicles may park on site only when work is being performed under this contract. No parking will be permitted within the parking garage or patient designated areas at any time. 7. Ordering Activities and Procedures Individual Task Orders may be issued on an as needed basis during the period of performance specified. Contractor shall have the ability to accept credit card orders. 8. Changes to Performance Work Statement Any changes to this original Performance Work Statement as part of the establishment for the contract shall be authorized and approved only through written correspondence from the Contracting Officer. 9. Invoicing Acceptance The Contractor shall submit invoices related to this effort through Tungsten Network, formerly known as OB10 with a copy sent by email to the COR. These invoices shall contain the following information: Contract Number: Purchase Order Number: Contractor Name: Invoicing Period/Date of Service: Prior to submitting invoice, provide all required written documentation. In addition to licensure, safety inspections, insurance and registration, provide the following: Name of each operator personnel. Equipment Description. Equipment Quantity. Plow size with corresponding plate number. Truck size with corresponding plate number. Equipment Logs. Operator Logs. Total snow removed (cubic yards) for the day. Approximate time load left site. Approximate time of delivery to dump. Approximate quantity of load. Dump Tickets. A print out of the applicable snow total from the National Weather Service/NOAA is required to be submitted with all invoices. All logs and tickets shall identify equipment, operator, quantity, location with date and time(s), start and stop times. Service provider shall certify that written documentation has been reviewed for accuracy and is complete. Invoices for credit card authorized work will be sent to the COR. 10. Contract/Task Order Termination VA has the right to terminate (in whole or in part) the contract and/or task order(s) issued against it at any time. The Contractor will be paid only for the services rendered up to the point of receiving the termination notice, and then only to the extent that those services meet the requirements of this SOW. The Contracting Officer for this contract may cancel with 30 days written notice to the Contractor. 11. Contractor Personnel Security Requirements All contractor personnel shall obtain a short-term identification badge issued by the COR. Such badge shall be worn by the individual and prominently displayed at all times while on VA Property. No employee of the contractor shall enter the medical center and outer buildings without a valid identification badge issued by the VA. In order to obtain a short-term identification badge, contractor personnel shall present to the COR a valid (non-expired) photo identification issued by a US federal, state or local government agency. The C&A requirements do not apply, and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. 12. Appendices 1. Appendix A Sidewa...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sheena Carlyle
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: sheena.carlyle@va.gov
  - Phone: 276-591-0374

## Attachments

**Total: 9 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ Other available contract vehicles (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): ________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: VIP Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) VIP Verified VOSB: (Y / N) 8(a): (Y / N) HUBZone: (Y / N) Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) verified in VetBiz Registry www.vetbiz.gov. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the service as listed in Attachment 2 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT with enough information to determine if your company can meet the requirement. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the PWS. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ Attachment 2 STATEMENT OF WORK WEST HAVEN GROUNDS MAINTENANCE VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System requires annual services for grounds maintenance, snow and ice removal, hauling, and treatment services at the West Haven VA Medical Center. JUSTIFICATION Services are required to support active Medical Center access and operations 24-hour access 7 days a week for veterans and staff. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 05/01/2026 04/30/2027. The contract will also contain provision for four (4) annual option years: Option Year 1: 05/01/2027 04/30/2028 Option Year 2: 05/01/2028 04/30/2029 Option Year 3: 05/01/2029 04/30/2030 Option Year 4: 05/01/2030 04/30/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field service representative located within 200 miles of, and a minimum response time of 2 hours to, the West Haven Campus of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have proper equipment, materials, and support to provide services. Bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of certification/training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. Mandatory Pre-Bid Site Visit Interested bidders shall participate in a mandatory pre-bid site visit and walk through at the VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516 at 9:00 a.m. on March 19, 2026. Bidders shall meet at Building 15 in the Facilities Management Service conference room to complete a sign-in sheet that will be submitted to the VA Contracting Officer. A temporary badge will be required upon arrival to Building 15. A valid Driver s License (any state) is required to obtain a temporary badge. VA Connecticut Healthcare System Facilities Management Maintenance Staff will escort an on campus walk through of all parking lot areas, drives, bays, salt shed storage, snow piling location(s) and any adjacent and/or ancillary spaces. Specific questions shall be directed to the VA Contracting Officer for a response. Description of Services 1. Perform Snow/Ice Removal
- Attachment 2: , Snow Removal Map . The Contractor shall clear the sidewalks, steps, stairs, stair and ramp landings and entrance ramps to their full widths of snow accumulation, piles, or drifts. The Contractor will remove snow and ice from around fire hydrants and PIV pipes as indicated on (Appendix B). The Contractor will not use paved areas such as roads and parking lots shown in (Appendix D) for the piling and storage of removed snow. The facility has minimum snow dump area(s) available. The service provider shall pile and stack snow in a safe and efficient manner. Piles shall be stacked to maintain safety and maximum usable parking area. All snow removal zones (Appendix D) covered by this contract are considered as high priority and are expected to be worked on simultaneously. Snow will begin to be removed when accumulation meets one (1) inch and/or within one (1) hour after the snow stops, whichever occurs first. This may require multiple snow/ice removals each day. The Contractor will remove snow from all handicap access points throughout the campus (i.e. near building entrances). These areas must always remain clear of snow and ice. The Contractor will provide roads and parking lot snow removal on the VA West Haven campus, including: Snow Removal Roadways and Drives [Refer to the West Haven Campus Map and Parking Lot Inventory] Clear and remove snow at all roadways on the VA West Haven campus, including Campbell Avenue Entrance, Spring Street Entrance, Lawson Road, Service Road and to include area at Building 1 Loading Dock, Building 2 Loading Dock, Building 2 Main Entrance, Building 5 Main Entrance, Ambulance Bay, Ring Road, and area serving Building 19, Building 16, and Veterans Drive. Parking Lots [Refer to the West Haven Campus Map and Parking Lot Inventory Clear and remove all snow at all parking lots on the VA West Haven campus, including Parking Lot 1, Parking Lot 2, Emergency Room, Parking Lot 4, Parking Lot 5, Parking Lot 6, Parking Lot 7, Parking Lot 8, Parking Lot 10, Parking Lot 14, Parking Lot 15, Parking Lot 16, Fisher House, Parking Lot 18, and Parking Lot 24. Shoveling Clear and remove all snow at all sidewalks, building entrances on the VA West Haven campus, including Ambulance Bay at Building 2, Building 2 Main Entrance, Parking Lot 18, Spring Street, Building 19, Building 21, Building 24, Building 22, Building 5, building 27/34, Building 15, Building 15A, Building 16, Courtyard, Building 35, Building 35A, Building 36, Building 36A, Building 8, Building 8.5, Building 9, Building 39, Building 1 Morgue Loading Dock, Overlook Walkway near Building 1, Building 1 Warehouse Loading Dock, Building 1 PET CT, Steps from Overlook to Fisher House, building 11, Building 11A, Building 12, Building 12A, Building 14A, and Fisher House. West Haven VA Medical Center Parking Lot Inventory Parking Lot Campus Map Regular Spaces Accessible Spaces Parking Lot 1 P1 10 0 Parking Lot 2 P2 19 0 Emergency Room Emergency Care Ambulance Entry Ambulance Entry Parking Lot 4 Parking Garage P4 & Parking Garage 0 8 on street Parking Lot 5 P5 0 30 Parking Lot 6 P6 131 0 Parking Lot 7 P7 10 72 Parking Lot 8 P8 60 0 Parking Lot 10 P9, P10, P11, P12 906 8 Parking Lot 14 P14 19 0 Parking Lot 15 P15 38 0 Parking Lot 16 P16 12 0 Fisher House P17; Gate Operated Parking Lot 18 P18 164 11 Parking Lot 24 Building 24 9 0 Total 1378 129 West Haven VA Medical Center Sidewalk/Walkway and Building Entrance Inventory Description Campus Map/Building Numbers Area (SF) Sidewalk at Glade Street Parking to Spring Street Parking Lot 18 1053 Emergency Room Emergency Care/Ambulance Bay 295 Parking Lot 4 (New Parking Garage Open January 2025) Parking Lot 4 (Parking Garage Not In Contract). 600 Building 2 Main Entrance and Sidewalk to Glade Street and Spring Street Parking Lot 4, Parking Lot 5, Building 2, Parking Lot 3 1195 Sidewalk/Walkways from Ambulance bay to Building 2 Primary Care Entry along Spring Street Building 2, Parking Lot 2 961 Courtyard 25 1400 Sidewalk over Overlook Parking Lot 13 218 Stairs from overlook to Fisher House, and Sidewalks/Walkways at Lower Buildings along Campbell Avenue Building 11, Building 12, Building 11A, Building 12A, Building 14A, Fisher House 1624 Sidewalk along Warehouse Entry to P7 Parking Lot 7, Building 39 1451 Sidewalk/Walkways near Out Buildings 8, 8.5 and 9 Parking Lot 7, Building 8, Building 8.5, Building 9 674 Sidewalk/Walkways near Building 5, Building 27/34, and Building 21 Building 5, Building 34, Building 27, Building 21 480 Walkway/Building Entrance B24 Building 24 53 Sidewalk/Walkways and Building Entrance B22 Building 22 41 Sidewalk/Walkways and Entrances to Building 15A and Building 19 Building 15A, Building 19 466 Sidewalk/Walkways from Building 15 to Building 36 Building 15, Building 35A, Building 35, Building 36 1451 Sidewalk/Walkways at P8 and P9 Parking Lot P8 and Parking Lot P9 674 Total 12,636 SF Snow will be piled in such a manner as to maintain as many parking spaces as possible. At the end of each snowstorm contractor will be responsible for clearing 100% of site parking spaces per Appendix D. Snow can be moved to a limited number of on-site storage areas as directed by the COR or designee. Drive lanes will need to be plowed regardless of parking lot occupancy levels. Ice melt application is part of all snow events. Ice melt application shall be applied at a minimum with each snow/ice melt removal as defined above. Ice and snow melt materials are to be provided by the contractor as part of this contract
- Attachment 3: and at the covered in this contract. The contractor will use an approved environmentally friendly ice melt product of Calcium Magnesium Acetate (CMA) such as Inferno or equal. The contractor may not use sand in lieu of approved snow melt. The Contractor will use a salt to treat roads and parking lots or other approved ice control products approved by the COR. A bulk salt storage area will be provided on site for contractor use
- Attachment 4: . Grass clippings shall be removed or mulched when visible after mowing including from sidewalks and paved areas. Contractor shall maintain the growth of grass height on improved grounds between 3 to 6 inches. The height is a guideline for a neat and professional appearance. All improved grounds shall always look well-manicured. Portable high CFM blowers will not be used to remove trimmings and debris from sidewalks and paved areas during normal working hours where there are personnel and/or where vehicles are parked
- Attachment 5: . All areas shall be trimmed concurrent with mowing. Damage to trees and shrubs from trimming shall be repaired by the contractor. If a plant should die or become unhealthy due to damage, the contractor will be responsible for replacing the damaged plant with a plant of same size and type. Plant replacement shall occur within 15 days of noticed or reported damage. Contractor shall use caution and proper equipment/tools for edging performed near vehicles, buildings, and personnel. Contractor shall adjust their working times and hours at no cost to prevent damage to these items
- Attachment 6: . Legally dispose of all debris at an off-site location in accordance with existing local, state, and federal regulations. 2.6. Repair Damaged Areas. Improved ground areas damaged by contractor vehicles and/or equipment shall be seeded or sodded to meet the standards of surrounding areas. Areas other than lawn areas will be repaired and restored to match the surrounding area. 2.7. Damaged or fallen tree removal. The Contractor will be responsible for removing any downed tree limbs and/or fallen trees on site. The Contractor must possess the proper equipment to safely remove damaged or fallen trees to include bucket truck, chipper, and trained chainsaw crews. 2.8. Apply Fertilizer and/or Lime. Not in the scope of work. 2.9. Perform Pest Identification and Control. Not in the scope of work. 2.10. Aerate Soil. Not in the scope of work. 2.11. Emergency and Special Events Services. Not in the scope of work. 3. Maintain Semi-Improved Grounds
- Attachment 7: . Contractor shall maintain grass on semi-improved grounds as set forth in Appendix C from 8 to 12 inches in height
- Attachment 8: and Appendix F. Contractor shall maintain storm drains bi-annually in the month of April and October to perform cleaning by removing drain covers, cleaning excess debris inside the drain pipes, inspect at the sewer drain termination point, perform flushing of drain pipes, replace storm drain and termination covers, and inspect grates. Document any broken or defective catch basins. Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer and COR or designee of any such identified catch basins. If broken or defective catch basins prevent services from being completed at that time, coordinate a time to complete the service with the Contracting Officer and COR. Immediately notify the COR of any observations of discharges of sediments or pollutants into the stormwater systems in order to address potential contamination or impact to the system and/or the surface water body. The mechanical storm (vacuum truck or manual) drainage cleaning operation shall be completed in such a manner that there is no damage to the storm drainage structures, inlet grates, manhole covers, pipes or pipe pints. The contractor shall remove the drainage structure grate or cover (if necessary) and remove by mechanical means all materials that obstruct either the structure opening, interior structure pipe openings or pipes such as grass, FboNotices, or debris. Submit cleaning and inspection report to include all deficiencies, inspection data, and photographs within 14 calendar days to the VA Contracting Officer and COR
- Attachment 9: Sidewa

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/553aa6268931466abc013df11fc3ea1e/view)