---
layout: default
title: 6515--NX EQ Cast Saw (VA-26-00054791)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 41544994cdad4270901afe230cb8c20d
---

# 6515--NX EQ Cast Saw (VA-26-00054791)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 08:56:53.33-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0117
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of Page 1 of Sources Sought Notice Page 7 of 7 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice DESCRIPTION The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified the Cast Saw product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award. The Department of Veterans Affairs (DVA) Office of Procurement, Acquisition and Logistics (OPAL) Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC) on behalf of VHA is issuing this Sources Sought Notice in accordance with the FAR 10.002(b)(2) to determine the availability and technical capabilities of qualified sources. The SAC in conjunction with VHA is seeking a qualified source to provide De Soutter CleanCast or equal Cast Saw on an agency wide basis. VA intends to award a Requirements Contract with Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) orders IAW FAR 16.503, Requirements Contract to a supplier of this equipment. Vendors will be required to deliver the Cast Saw to VA medical centers and facilities throughout the United States and its territories. The anticipated period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods from the date of award. However, the Government's decision as to whether to continue with the contract, upon annual review, will be based upon successful performance during each previous year and continued need. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for Cast Saw is 339113 Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing, Product Service Code: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies and the associated size standard is 800 employees. The FAR Provision found at 52.204-7(b)(1) requires that All interested Offerors must be registered in SAM.gov prior to submitting an offer or quotation. You may access the website at SAM.gov | Home. All offerors must be certified with the appropriate NAICS code on the SAM website. All SDVOSB/VOSB offerors must be verified in the SBA database at: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/#search at the time of quote submission. Submissions for this source sought shall be submitted by email no later than April 23th, 2026, at 4:30 PM ET to all the following: Michael.Andrews6@va.gov Kimberly.LeMieux@va.gov This notice is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. This Sources Sought Notice is part of a continuous process for obtaining the latest information on the commercial status of the industry with respect to their current and near-term abilities. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive contract. It is emphasized that this is a notice solely for planning and informational purposes.

2.0 SCOPE Cast Saws are designed to cut plaster and/or synthetic (e.g., fiberglass, polyester cloth impregnated with resin) casts. Cast saws are available as handheld, manual instruments with a serrated blade and a handle or, less frequently, as stationary, powered (e.g., electric, pneumatic) instruments that can drive serrated blades. Cast saws are used to cut casts using dedicated plaster or fiberglass blades for cast removal, creation of a hinged cast, or to open a window in the cast to view underlying tissue. The following Contract Line-Items Number (CLIN) are being considered: Contract Line Items Manufacturer Part Number Description 0001 CleanCast 1293004 CC7 SYSTEM EXTRACTOR - 120V USA PLUG 0002 CleanCast 1292554 CC7 CAST SAW - 2m CABLE VAC 0003 CleanCast 19600 EXTRACTOR HOSE KIT 2M - CC7 0004 CleanCast Warranty12 ADDITIONAL 12-MONTH MANUFACTURER WARRANTY (PER CC7 SAW) 0005 CleanCast Warranty24 ADDITIONAL 24-MONTH MANUFACTURER WARRANTY (PER CC7 SAW) 0006 CleanCast 1292664 CC8 CAST SAW - 2m CABLE NON VAC 0007 CleanCast 20050 PS8 POWER SUPPLY 0008 CleanCast 8310 MAINS CABLE BC/PS-USA PLUG 0009 CleanCast 20240 CAST BLADE - CC7/8 - 64mm DIA - ION NITRIDE COATED (BLADES - Sold In Boxes of 5 For use with CC7 and CC8 cast saws) 0010 CleanCast 670123 HEPA DUST BAG (PACK OF 10) - CC7 EXTRACTOR 0011 CleanCast 1286774 CSB-100-A BATTERY CAST SAW SYSTEM COMPLETE 0012 CleanCast 6250 CAST BLADE 64mm DIA (BLADES - Sold In Boxes of 5 For use with CSB-100 Cast Saw) The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide De Soutter CleanCast or equal Cast Saws as listed above or equal commodities which meets all the following Salient Characteristics (SC): CLINs 0001, 0006, 0011 apply to the following SC s SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must be designed specifically for cast removal Literature Review SC 2 Must utilize interchangeable blades Literature Review SC 3 Handpiece must weigh less than 5 lbs. Literature Review SC 6 Able to operate on 100-120VAC, 50-60Hz Literature Review CLIN 0001 apply to the following SC SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 5 Compatible with dust extractor/vacuum Literature Review CLIN 0002 apply to the following SCs SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must be designed specifically for cast removal Literature Review SC 4 Unit is mobile (on wheels/casters/etc.) Literature Review SC 6 Able to operate on 100-120VAC, 50-60Hz Literature Review For each product (brand name and part number), the response must include descriptive literature demonstrating the product meets or exceeds the salient characteristics specified above. The Government's intent is to include all ancillary items to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and as clinically required. Vendors are encouraged to provide any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the salient characteristics. Additionally, responses can include any additional product that may be beneficial. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall include the following: Company information Full name and address of company SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Business size If authorized distributor, provide evidence that your firm is an authorized distributor for the OEM of the products proposed. Point of contact name and email address Information on your product/solution Does your product have FDA clearance for clinical use in the United States? Please provide a yes or no, with a brief point-by-point explanation of how your product can or cannot meet each draft salient characteristic, in a chart/table format. Please provide OEM technical literature that clearly shows how your product meets each salient characteristic. Please ensure the OEM technical literature is properly mapped with respective page numbers so it is easy to reference and connect to the draft salient characteristics. What are the unique or highlighted features of your Cast Saws specifically, the key physical, functional, or performance characteristics? What are your product solutions or configurations for this anticipated Cast Saw procurement? Please provide model name(s) and part number(s). What is your company s ability to provide uninterrupted supply of products on a national scale? What is the country-of-origin designation for your product/solution? Draft salient characteristics/requirements Considering our draft salient characteristics, are there any additional salient characteristics you recommend incorporating, and why? Does vendor offer an annual service plan? If Yes: What does the plan cover? Does the plan cover parts repair and/or replacement? Provide documentation that shows information and details of your service plans. Is the service provided by the OEM or a subcontractor?

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Andrews
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Michael.Andrews6@va.gov
  - Phone: 678-428-5319

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/41544994cdad4270901afe230cb8c20d/view)