---
layout: default
title: HVAC Duct Cleaning
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: ae40795705d5467597e18841b9c9c7b2
---

# HVAC Duct Cleaning

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 12:18:40.885-04
- Solicitation Number: ACQR6124130R

## Summary

This is a solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number is ACQR6124130R and is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through: Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-04, effective 06/11/2025, located at FAR | Acquisition.GOV. Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) and Procedures, Guidance, and Information (PGI), effective 01/17/2025, located at https://www.acquisition.gov/dfarspgi Class Deviations, located at Class Deviations. This will be a 100% Veteran-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Set-Aside. The associated NAICS code is 561790 for Plumbing, Heating and Air Conditioning Contractors, and the Small Business Size Standard is $22M. FSC/PSC: Z1NZ – Maintenance of Other Utilities The Government intends to award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror with the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable Quote based on the following evaluation factors: 1) Price 2)Corporate Experience 3)Past Performance The offeror’s quote shall contain a response to each of the evaluation factors in the form prescribed by the solicitation. The resulting contract will be awarded to the responsible offeror whose quote, confirming to the Request for Quote, will be most advantageous to the Government. Price and all other evaluation factors will be considered. Corporate experience and past performance, when combined, are approximately equal when combined and compared to price. FACTOR 1- Corporate Experience A copy of a blank “Corporate Experience Form” is provided for use as Attachment A. Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Submit one (1) project similar in size, scope and complexity to the RFQ, unless Offeror is a Joint Venture. If the Offeror is a Joint Venture, a minimum of one (1) project per partner must be submitted. For purposes of this solicitation, a relevant project must include HVAC system cleaning in a multi-story residential or commercial building. The project must have been completed by your firm within the past five (5) years. Use the below Corporate Experience Form (Attachment A) to submit projects. Project description for the project shall explain the detailed scope of work performed and the relevancy to the project requirements of this RFQ. Size, scope and complexity are further defined as follows: Size: Multi-story barracks, dormitories or residential buildings (e.g. apartments) containing over 100 individual rooms and associated bathrooms. Scope: Inspection, cleaning, and sanitization of HVAC systems, removing all visible surface contaminants from the interior surfaces of the air distribution system. This includes the cleaning and disinfecting of all Air Handling Units (AHUs), Fan Coil Units (FCUs), main distribution ducts, branch air ducts, and dedicated bathroom exhaust ventilation systems, including fans and associated ductwork. Complexity: Cleaning and verification adhere to National Air Duct Cleaners Association (NADCA) standards. Contractors must provide detailed verification of cleanliness, including before-and-after color photographs for all cleaned components. Work was performed in and around occupied buildings, requiring careful coordination to minimize disruption. Basis of Evaluation: Quote will be evaluated to determine whether the offeror has demonstrated experience performing a minimum of one project similar in size, scope, and complexity to the project required by the RFP. Quotes that fail to use the attached Corporate Experience form will NOT be evaluated. All projects submitted which are outside of the specified 5-year period will NOT be evaluated. Quotes that fail to provide all requested data, an accessible point of contact, or correct phone/fax numbers may result in the project NOT being evaluated. *Quotes that fail to submit projects for all venture partners will NOT be evaluated FACTOR 2- Past Performance on Recent, Relevant Projects: Solicitation Submittal Requirements: IF A COMPLETED CPARS EVALUATION IS AVAILABLE FOR ANY/ALL PROJECTS SUBMITTED UNDER FACTOR 1, THE EVALUATION SHALL BE SUBMITTED WITH THE QUOTE. IF THERE IS NOT A COMPLETED CPARS EVALUATION, the Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) included in the solicitation is provided for the offeror or its team members to submit to the client for each project the offeror includes in its quote for Factor 1. AN OFFEROR SHALL NOT SUBMIT A PPQ WHEN A COMPLETED CPARS IS AVAILABLE. IF A CPARS EVALUATION IS NOT AVAILABLE, ensure correct phone numbers and email addresses are provided for the client point of contact. Completed PPQs should be submitted with your quote. If the offeror is unable to obtain a completed PPQ from a client for a project(s) before quote closing date, the offeror should complete and submit with the quote the first page of the PPQ (Attachment B), which will provide contract and client information for the respective project(s). Offerors should follow-up with clients/references to ensure timely submittal of questionnaires. If the client requests, questionnaires may be submitted directly to the Government's point of contact, Allison King, via email at Allison.n.king2.civ@us.navy.mil prior to quote closing date. Offerors shall not incorporate by reference into their quote PPQs or CPARS previously submitted for other RFPs. Include performance recognition documents received within the last five years such as awards, award fee determinations, customer letters of commendation, and any other forms of performance recognition. In addition to the above, the Government may review any other sources of information for evaluating past performance. Other sources may include, but are not limited to, past performance information retrieved through the Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS) using all CAGE/DUNS numbers of team members (partnership, joint venture, teaming arrangement, or parent company/subsidiary/affiliate) identified in the offeror’s quote, inquiries of owner representative(s), and any other known sources not provided by the offeror. While the Government may elect to consider data from other sources, the burden of providing detailed, current, accurate and complete past performance information rests with the Offeror.” A copy of the blank Past Performance Questionnaire to be used for requesting client references is included below as Attachment B. Basis of Evaluation: The degree to which past performance evaluations and all other past performance information reviewed by the Government (e.g., PPIRS, Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS), Electronic Subcontract Reporting System (eSRS), performance recognition documents, and information obtained from any other source) reflect a trend of satisfactory performance considering: -A pattern of successful completion of tasks; -A pattern of deliverables that are timely and of good quality; -A pattern of cooperativeness and teamwork with the Government at all levels (task managers, ---contracting officers, auditors, etc.); and -Recency of tasks performed that are identical to, similar to, or related to the task at hand -A respect for stewardship of Government funds BASIS FOR AWARD Offerors will be evaluated using the commercial procedures as prescribed in FAR Part 12. The solicitation will utilize the following evaluation factors: Price, Corporate Experience and Past Performance. The offeror’s quote shall contain a response to each of the evaluation factors and shall be in the form prescribed by the solicitation. The resulting contract will be awarded to the responsible offeror whose quote, conforming to the Request for Quote (RFQ), offers the lowest-priced, technically-acceptable quote, price and other evaluation factors considered. 1. The Government reserves the right to eliminate from consideration for award any or all offers at any time prior to award of the contract; to negotiate with offerors in the competitive range; and to award the contract to the offeror submitting the lowest priced, technically acceptable offer. 2. As stated in the solicitation, the Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without discussions with offerors (except clarifications as described in FAR 15.306(a)). The Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer later determines them to be necessary. In addition, if the Contracting Officer determines that the number of quotes that would otherwise be in the competitive range exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the Contracting Officer may limit the number of quotes in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit an efficient competition among the most highly rated quotes. 3. The Low-Price, Technically-Acceptable (LPTA) process is selected as appropriate for this acquisition because the best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable quote with the lowest evaluated price. 4. An overall non-price factors rating must be at least “ACCEPTABLE” in order to be eligible for award. An “UNACCEPTABLE” rating in any factor results in the overall non-price factors quote being rated “UNACCEPTABLE” unless corrected through discussions. An overall non-price factors rating of “UNACCEPTABLE” makes a quote ineligible for award. Prospective contractors must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov database prior to award. Offerors are hereby notified that failure to register may render their firm ineligible for award. Specifications and drawings will not be directly provided in a paper hard copy format or CD-ROM. The address for downloading this solicitation ishttps://www.sam.gov. All prospective offerors are encouraged to register on the above website for this procurement when specifications and associated documents become available. Notification of any changes to this solicitation (i.e. amendments) shall be made only on the web site. It is therefore the offeror’s responsibility to check the website daily for any posted changes to the solicitation. Offerors should submit verification of their firm's registration in the SAM Database with their quote. Online Representations and Certifications will be required on this contract per clause FAR 52.204-8 Annual Representations and Certifications, available on the FAR website https://www.acquisition.gov. Clarification Questions/ RFIs are due Monday April 20th by 4:00PM EST. Quote Due Date: Quotes are due no later than 10:00AM EST on 04 May 2026. Submitting Your Quote: Quotes should be sent via email addressed to Allison King at Allison.n.king2.civ@us.navy.mil The table below lists the Contract Line Item Number(s) (CLIN(s)) and items, quantities, and units of measure, inclusive of any applicable options: ITEM NO SUPPLIES/SERVICES Price 0001-Base Bid B560 Duct Cleaning 0002-Option B534 Duct Cleaning Description of Work: B560: The Contractor shall provide all labor, management, supervision, tools, material, and equipment required to perform comprehensive inspection, cleaning, sanitizing, and documentation of all HVAC system components in accordance with the latest ACR NADCA Standard for Assessment, Cleaning, and Restoration of HVAC Systems. The contractor shall supply all necessary tools and materials to complete the specified work scope. B534 Option: The Contractor shall provide all labor, management, supervision, tools, material, and equipment required to perform comprehensive inspection, cleaning, sanitizing, and documentation of all HVAC system components in accordance with the latest ACR NADCA Standard for Assessment, Cleaning, and Restoration of HVAC Systems. The contractor shall supply all necessary tools and materials to complete the specified work scope. Contract Term: estimated 90 Days. Period of Performance: The start and completion dates will be determined at time of award. Estimated Period of Performance is 01 June 2026-31 August 2026. Location: All work is located at the Naval Submarine Base New London at Groton, CT. The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. No addenda apply to this provision. The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services is applicable to this solicitation. The Government reserves the right to eliminate from consideration for award any or all offers at any time prior to award of the contract; to negotiate with offerors in the competitive range; and to award the contract to the offeror submitting the lowest price. OPTION CLAUSES TO BE INCLUDED IN THE CONTRACT: FAR Clauses 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990), 52.217-7 Option for Increased Quantity-Separately Priced Line Item (MAR 1989). If any or all of the options are not exercised at time of the contract award, the Contracting Officer will have the unilateral right to exercise the option(s) within ninety (90) calendar days after contract award date. METHOD OF EVALUATION OF OPTION(S): Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990). Except when it is determined in accordance with FAR 17.206 (b) not to be in the Government's best interest, the Government will evaluate offers for award purpose by adding the price for the option(s) to the base price. Evaluation of options will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s) (FAR 52.217-5) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. No addenda apply to this provision. The clause at FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Below are the additional FAR clauses cited in the clause applicable to this acquisition. LEAVE APPLICABLE CLAUSES, DELETE IF NOT APPLICABLE Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2026) (a)The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: (1)52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (2)52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (3)52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (4)52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015). (5)52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) ( 31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801). (6) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (Aug 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553). (7) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) (Public Laws 108-77 and 108-78 ( 19 U.S.C. 3805 note)). (b)The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] __ (1)52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020), with Alternate I (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4704 and 10 U.S.C. 4655). _X_ (2)52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509)). __ (3)52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Jun 2010) (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-5). (Applies to contracts funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.) __ (4)52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) ( 41 U.S.C. 4712); this clause does not apply to contracts of DoD, NASA, the Coast Guard, or applicable elements of the intelligence community—see FAR 3.900(a). _ X _ (5)52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note). __ (6)[Reserved]. __ (7)52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). __ (8)52.204-15, Service Contract Reporting Requirements for Indefinite-Delivery Contracts (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). _ X _ (9)52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). __ (10)52.204-28, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, and Multi-Agency Contracts. (Dec 2023) ( Pub. L. 115–390, title II). __ (11)(i)52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Prohibition. (Dec 2023) ( Pub. L. 115–390, title II). __ (ii)Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204-30. _ X _ (12)52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note). _ X _ (13)52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018) ( 41 U.S.C. 2313). __ (14)[Reserved]. __ (15)52.219-3, Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole-Source Award (Oct 2022) ( 15 U.S.C. 657a). __ (16)52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (if the offeror elects to waive the preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a). __ (17)[Reserved] __ (18)(i)52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-6. __ (19)(i)52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-7. _Xfor the F_ (20)52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025)( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)). __ (21)(i)52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Jan 2025) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)). __ (ii)Alternate I (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. __ (iii)Alternate II (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. __ (iv)Alternate III (Jun 2020) of 52.219-9. __ (v)Alternate IV (Jan 2025) of 52.219-9. __ (22)(i)52.219-13, Notice of Set-Aside of Orders (Mar 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-13. _ X _ (23)52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657s). __ (24)52.219-16, Liquidated Damages—Subcontracting Plan (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F)(i)). _X_ (25)52.219-27, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Concerns Eligible Under the SDVOSB Program (Feb 2024) (15 U.S.C. 657f). _X_ (26)(i)52.219-28, Postaward Small Business Program Rerepresentation (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-28. __ (27)52.219-29, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). __ (28)52.219-30, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). __ (29)52.219-32, Orders Issued Directly Under Small Business Reserves (Mar 2020) ( 15 U.S.C. 644(r)). __ (30)52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (Sep 2021) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)). _ X _ (31)52.222-3, Convict Labor (Jun 2003) (E.O.11755). __ (32)52.222-19, Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (MAR 2026)( E.O. 13126). _ X _ (33)52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Apr 2015). _ X _ (34)(i)52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) (E.O.11246). __ (ii)Alternate I (Feb 1999) of 52.222-26. _ X _ (35)(i)52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) ( 38 U.S.C. 4212). __ (ii)Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-35. _ X _ (36)(i)52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) ( 29 U.S.C. 793). __ (ii)Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-36. _ X _ (37)52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) ( 38 U.S.C. 4212). __ (38)52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). _ X _ (39)(i)52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). __ (40)52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2025) ( Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial products or commercial services as prescribed in FAR 22.1803.) __ (41)(i)52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA–Designated Items (May 2008) ( 42 U.S.C. 6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) __ (ii)Alternate I (May 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(C)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) __ (42)52.223-11, Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (43)52.223-12, Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (44)52.223-20, Aerosols (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (45)52.223-21, Foams (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (46)52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (May 2024) ( E.O. 14057, 7 U.S.C. 8102, 42 U.S.C. 6962, 42 U.S.C. 8259b, and 42 U.S.C. 7671l). __ (47)(i)52.224-3 Privacy Training (Jan 2017) ( 5 U.S.C. 552 a). __ (ii)Alternate I (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3. __ (48)(i)52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). __ (ii)Alternate I (Oct 2022) of 52.225-1. __ (49)(i)52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (NOV 2023) ( 19 U.S.C. 3301 note, 19 U.S.C. 2112 note, 19 U.S.C. 3805 note, 19 U.S.C. 4001 note, 19 U.S.C. chapter 29 (sections 4501-4732), Public Law 103-182, 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 108-302, 109-53, 109-169, 109-283, 110-138, 112-41, 112-42, and 112-43. __ (ii)Alternate I [Reserved]. __ (iii)Alternate II (Jan 2025) of 52.225-3. __ (iv)Alternate III (Feb 2024) of 52.225-3. __ (v)Alternate IV (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3. __ (50)52.225-5, Trade Agreements (NOV 2023) ( 19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note). __ (51)52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). __ (52)52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) (Section 862, as amended, of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note). __ (53)52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). __ (54)52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). __ (55)52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) ( E.O. 13513). __ (56)52.229-12, Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements (Feb 2021). __ (57)52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). __ (58)52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). _ X _ (59)52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct2018) ( 31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (60)52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) (31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (61)52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (May 2014) (31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (62)52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (Aug 1996) ( 5 U.S.C. 552a). __ (63)52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered Foreign Entities (Nov 2024) (Sections 1821-1826, Pub. L. 118-31, 41 U.S.C. 3901 note prec.). __ (64)52.242-5, Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Jan 2017) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(13)). __ (65)(i)52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2021) ( 46 U.S.C. 55305 and 10 U.S.C. 2631). __ (ii)Alternate I (Apr 2003) of 52.247-64. __ (iii)Alternate II (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64. (c)The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial services, that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] _ X _ (1)52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter67). _ X _ (2)52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (3)52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (4)52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (May 2014) ( 29U.S.C.206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (5)52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (6)52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). _ X _ (7)52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan 2022). _ X _ (8)52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706). __ (9)52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (Jun 2020) (42 U.S.C. 1792). __ (10)52.247-69, Reporting Requirement for U.S.-Flag Air Carriers Regarding Training to Prevent Human Trafficking (Jan 2025) ( 49 U.S.C. 40118(g)). (d)Comptroller General Examination of Record. The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d) if this contract was awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, as defined in FAR 2.101, on the date of award of this contract, and does not contain the clause at 52.215-2, Audit and Records-Negotiation. (1)The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to and right to examine any of the Contractor’s directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract. (2)The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for examination, audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in FAR subpart 4.7, Contractor Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. If this contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be made available for 3 years after any resulting final termination settlement. Records relating to appeals under the disputes clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or relating to this contract shall be made available until such appeals, litigation, or claims are finally resolved. (3)As used in this clause, records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type and regardless of form. This does not require the Contractor to create or maintain any record that the Contractor does not maintain in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to a provision of law. (e)(1)Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this clause, the Contractor is not required to flow down any FAR clause, other than those in this paragraph (e)(1), in a subcontract for commercial products or commercial services. Unless otherwise indicated below, the extent of the flow down shall be as required by the clause- (i)52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509). (ii)52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) ( 41 U.S.C. 4712). (iii)52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (iv)52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (v)52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (vi)52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). (vii)(A)52.204–30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Prohibition. (Dec 2023) ( Pub. L. 115–390, title II). (B)Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204–30. (viii)52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)), in all subcontracts that offer further subcontracting opportunities. If the subcontract (except subcontracts to small business concerns) exceeds the applicable threshold specified in FAR 19.702(a) on the date of subcontract award, the subcontractor must include 52.219-8 in lower tier subcontracts that offer subcontracting opportunities. (ix)52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Apr 2015). (x)52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) (E.O.11246). (xi)52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (xii)52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). (xiii)52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (xiv)52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (f) of FAR clause 52.222-40. (xv)52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) ( 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xvi)(A)52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O 13627). (B)Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). (xvii)52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xviii)52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xix)52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2025) ( E.O. 12989). (xx)...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ALLISON KING
  - Email: ALLISON.N.KING2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Phone: 8086028050

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Submit one (1) project similar in size, scope and complexity to the RFQ, unless Offeror is a Joint Venture. If the Offeror is a Joint Venture, a minimum of one (1) project per partner must be submitted. For purposes of this solicitation, a relevant project must include HVAC system cleaning in a multi-story residential or commercial building. The project must have been completed by your firm within the past five (5) years. Use the below Corporate Experience Form (Attachment A) to submit projects. Project description for the project shall explain the detailed scope of work performed and the relevancy to the project requirements of this RFQ. Size, scope and complexity are further defined as follows: Size: Multi-story barracks, dormitories or residential buildings (e.g. apartments) containing over 100 individual rooms and associated bathrooms. Scope: Inspection, cleaning, and sanitization of HVAC systems, removing all visible surface contaminants from the interior surfaces of the air distribution system. This includes the cleaning and disinfecting of all Air Handling Units (AHUs), Fan Coil Units (FCUs), main distribution ducts, branch air ducts, and dedicated bathroom exhaust ventilation systems, including fans and associated ductwork. Complexity: Cleaning and verification adhere to National Air Duct Cleaners Association (NADCA) standards. Contractors must provide detailed verification of cleanliness, including before-and-after color photographs for all cleaned components. Work was performed in and around occupied buildings, requiring careful coordination to minimize disruption. Basis of Evaluation: Quote will be evaluated to determine whether the offeror has demonstrated experience performing a minimum of one project similar in size, scope, and complexity to the project required by the RFP. Quotes that fail to use the attached Corporate Experience form will NOT be evaluated. All projects submitted which are outside of the specified 5-year period will NOT be evaluated. Quotes that fail to provide all requested data, an accessible point of contact, or correct phone/fax numbers may result in the project NOT being evaluated. *Quotes that fail to submit projects for all venture partners will NOT be evaluated FACTOR 2- Past Performance on Recent, Relevant Projects: Solicitation Submittal Requirements: IF A COMPLETED CPARS EVALUATION IS AVAILABLE FOR ANY/ALL PROJECTS SUBMITTED UNDER FACTOR 1, THE EVALUATION SHALL BE SUBMITTED WITH THE QUOTE. IF THERE IS NOT A COMPLETED CPARS EVALUATION, the Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) included in the solicitation is provided for the offeror or its team members to submit to the client for each project the offeror includes in its quote for Factor 1. AN OFFEROR SHALL NOT SUBMIT A PPQ WHEN A COMPLETED CPARS IS AVAILABLE. IF A CPARS EVALUATION IS NOT AVAILABLE, ensure correct phone numbers and email addresses are provided for the client point of contact. Completed PPQs should be submitted with your quote. If the offeror is unable to obtain a completed PPQ from a client for a project(s) before quote closing date, the offeror should complete and submit with the quote the first page of the PPQ (Attachment B), which will provide contract and client information for the respective project(s). Offerors should follow-up with clients/references to ensure timely submittal of questionnaires. If the client requests, questionnaires may be submitted directly to the Government"s point of contact, Allison King, via email at Allison.n.king2.civ@us.navy.mil prior to quote closing date. Offerors shall not incorporate by reference into their quote PPQs or CPARS previously submitted for other RFPs. Include performance recognition documents received within the last five years such as awards, award fee determinations, customer letters of commendation, and any other forms of performance recognition. In addition to the above, the Government may review any other sources of information for evaluating past performance. Other sources may include, but are not limited to, past performance information retrieved through the Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS) using all CAGE/DUNS numbers of team members (partnership, joint venture, teaming arrangement, or parent company/subsidiary/affiliate) identified in the offeror’s quote, inquiries of owner representative(s), and any other known sources not provided by the offeror. While the Government may elect to consider data from other sources, the burden of providing detailed, current, accurate and complete past performance information rests with the Offeror.” A copy of the blank Past Performance Questionnaire to be used for requesting client references is included below as Attachment B. Basis of Evaluation: The degree to which past performance evaluations and all other past performance information reviewed by the Government (e.g., PPIRS, Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS), Electronic Subcontract Reporting System (eSRS), performance recognition documents, and information obtained from any other source) reflect a trend of satisfactory performance considering: -A pattern of successful completion of tasks; -A pattern of deliverables that are timely and of good quality; -A pattern of cooperativeness and teamwork with the Government at all levels (task managers, ---contracting officers, auditors, etc.); and -Recency of tasks performed that are identical to, similar to, or related to the task at hand -A respect for stewardship of Government funds BASIS FOR AWARD Offerors will be evaluated using the commercial procedures as prescribed in FAR Part 12. The solicitation will utilize the following evaluation factors: Price, Corporate Experience and Past Performance. The offeror’s quote shall contain a response to each of the evaluation factors and shall be in the form prescribed by the solicitation. The resulting contract will be awarded to the responsible offeror whose quote, conforming to the Request for Quote (RFQ), offers the lowest-priced, technically-acceptable quote, price and other evaluation factors considered. 1. The Government reserves the right to eliminate from consideration for award any or all offers at any time prior to award of the contract; to negotiate with offerors in the competitive range; and to award the contract to the offeror submitting the lowest priced, technically acceptable offer. 2. As stated in the solicitation, the Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without discussions with offerors (except clarifications as described in FAR 15.306(a)). The Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer later determines them to be necessary. In addition, if the Contracting Officer determines that the number of quotes that would otherwise be in the competitive range exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the Contracting Officer may limit the number of quotes in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit an efficient competition among the most highly rated quotes. 3. The Low-Price, Technically-Acceptable (LPTA) process is selected as appropriate for this acquisition because the best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable quote with the lowest evaluated price. 4. An overall non-price factors rating must be at least “ACCEPTABLE” in order to be eligible for award. An “UNACCEPTABLE” rating in any factor results in the overall non-price factors quote being rated “UNACCEPTABLE” unless corrected through discussions. An overall non-price factors rating of “UNACCEPTABLE” makes a quote ineligible for award. Prospective contractors must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov database prior to award. Offerors are hereby notified that failure to register may render their firm ineligible for award. Specifications and drawings will not be directly provided in a paper hard copy format or CD-ROM. The address for downloading this solicitation ishttps://www.sam.gov. All prospective offerors are encouraged to register on the above website for this procurement when specifications and associated documents become available. Notification of any changes to this solicitation (i.e. amendments) shall be made only on the web site. It is therefore the offeror’s responsibility to check the website daily for any posted changes to the solicitation. Offerors should submit verification of their firm"s registration in the SAM Database with their quote. Online Representations and Certifications will be required on this contract per clause FAR 52.204-8 Annual Representations and Certifications, available on the FAR website https://www.acquisition.gov. Clarification Questions/ RFIs are due Monday April 20th by 4:00PM EST. Quote Due Date: Quotes are due no later than 10:00AM EST on 04 May 2026. Submitting Your Quote: Quotes should be sent via email addressed to Allison King at Allison.n.king2.civ@us.navy.mil The table below lists the Contract Line Item Number(s) (CLIN(s)) and items, quantities, and units of measure, inclusive of any applicable options: ITEM NO SUPPLIES/SERVICES Price 0001-Base Bid B560 Duct Cleaning 0002-Option B534 Duct Cleaning Description of Work: B560: The Contractor shall provide all labor, management, supervision, tools, material, and equipment required to perform comprehensive inspection, cleaning, sanitizing, and documentation of all HVAC system components in accordance with the latest ACR NADCA Standard for Assessment, Cleaning, and Restoration of HVAC Systems. The contractor shall supply all necessary tools and materials to complete the specified work scope. B534 Option: The Contractor shall provide all labor, management, supervision, tools, material, and equipment required to perform comprehensive inspection, cleaning, sanitizing, and documentation of all HVAC system components in accordance with the latest ACR NADCA Standard for Assessment, Cleaning, and Restoration of HVAC Systems. The contractor shall supply all necessary tools and materials to complete the specified work scope. Contract Term: estimated 90 Days. Period of Performance: The start and completion dates will be determined at time of award. Estimated Period of Performance is 01 June 2026-31 August 2026. Location: All work is located at the Naval Submarine Base New London at Groton, CT. The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. No addenda apply to this provision. The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services is applicable to this solicitation. The Government reserves the right to eliminate from consideration for award any or all offers at any time prior to award of the contract; to negotiate with offerors in the competitive range; and to award the contract to the offeror submitting the lowest price. OPTION CLAUSES TO BE INCLUDED IN THE CONTRACT: FAR Clauses 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990), 52.217-7 Option for Increased Quantity-Separately Priced Line Item (MAR 1989). If any or all of the options are not exercised at time of the contract award, the Contracting Officer will have the unilateral right to exercise the option(s) within ninety (90) calendar days after contract award date. METHOD OF EVALUATION OF OPTION(S): Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990). Except when it is determined in accordance with FAR 17.206 (b) not to be in the Government"s best interest, the Government will evaluate offers for award purpose by adding the price for the option(s) to the base price. Evaluation of options will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s) (FAR 52.217-5) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. No addenda apply to this provision. The clause at FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Below are the additional FAR clauses cited in the clause applicable to this acquisition. LEAVE APPLICABLE CLAUSES, DELETE IF NOT APPLICABLE Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2026) (a)The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: (1)52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (2)52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (3)52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (4)52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015). (5)52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) ( 31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801). (6) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (Aug 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553). (7) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) (Public Laws 108-77 and 108-78 ( 19 U.S.C. 3805 note)). (b)The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] __ (1)52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020), with Alternate I (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4704 and 10 U.S.C. 4655). _X_ (2)52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509)). __ (3)52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Jun 2010) (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-5). (Applies to contracts funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.) __ (4)52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) ( 41 U.S.C. 4712); this clause does not apply to contracts of DoD, NASA, the Coast Guard, or applicable elements of the intelligence community—see FAR 3.900(a). _ X _ (5)52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note). __ (6)[Reserved]. __ (7)52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). __ (8)52.204-15, Service Contract Reporting Requirements for Indefinite-Delivery Contracts (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). _ X _ (9)52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). __ (10)52.204-28, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, and Multi-Agency Contracts. (Dec 2023) ( Pub. L. 115–390, title II). __ (11)(i)52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Prohibition. (Dec 2023) ( Pub. L. 115–390, title II). __ (ii)Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204-30. _ X _ (12)52.209-6, Protecting the Government"s Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note). _ X _ (13)52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018) ( 41 U.S.C. 2313). __ (14)[Reserved]. __ (15)52.219-3, Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole-Source Award (Oct 2022) ( 15 U.S.C. 657a). __ (16)52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (if the offeror elects to waive the preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a). __ (17)[Reserved] __ (18)(i)52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-6. __ (19)(i)52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-7. _Xfor the F_ (20)52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025)( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)). __ (21)(i)52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Jan 2025) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)). __ (ii)Alternate I (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. __ (iii)Alternate II (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. __ (iv)Alternate III (Jun 2020) of 52.219-9. __ (v)Alternate IV (Jan 2025) of 52.219-9. __ (22)(i)52.219-13, Notice of Set-Aside of Orders (Mar 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-13. _ X _ (23)52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657s). __ (24)52.219-16, Liquidated Damages—Subcontracting Plan (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F)(i)). _X_ (25)52.219-27, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Concerns Eligible Under the SDVOSB Program (Feb 2024) (15 U.S.C. 657f). _X_ (26)(i)52.219-28, Postaward Small Business Program Rerepresentation (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-28. __ (27)52.219-29, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). __ (28)52.219-30, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). __ (29)52.219-32, Orders Issued Directly Under Small Business Reserves (Mar 2020) ( 15 U.S.C. 644(r)). __ (30)52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (Sep 2021) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)). _ X _ (31)52.222-3, Convict Labor (Jun 2003) (E.O.11755). __ (32)52.222-19, Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (MAR 2026)( E.O. 13126). _ X _ (33)52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Apr 2015). _ X _ (34)(i)52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) (E.O.11246). __ (ii)Alternate I (Feb 1999) of 52.222-26. _ X _ (35)(i)52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) ( 38 U.S.C. 4212). __ (ii)Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-35. _ X _ (36)(i)52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) ( 29 U.S.C. 793). __ (ii)Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-36. _ X _ (37)52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) ( 38 U.S.C. 4212). __ (38)52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). _ X _ (39)(i)52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). __ (ii)Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). __ (40)52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2025) ( Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial products or commercial services as prescribed in FAR 22.1803.) __ (41)(i)52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA–Designated Items (May 2008) ( 42 U.S.C. 6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) __ (ii)Alternate I (May 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(C)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) __ (42)52.223-11, Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (43)52.223-12, Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (44)52.223-20, Aerosols (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (45)52.223-21, Foams (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (46)52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (May 2024) ( E.O. 14057, 7 U.S.C. 8102, 42 U.S.C. 6962, 42 U.S.C. 8259b, and 42 U.S.C. 7671l). __ (47)(i)52.224-3 Privacy Training (Jan 2017) ( 5 U.S.C. 552 a). __ (ii)Alternate I (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3. __ (48)(i)52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). __ (ii)Alternate I (Oct 2022) of 52.225-1. __ (49)(i)52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (NOV 2023) ( 19 U.S.C. 3301 note, 19 U.S.C. 2112 note, 19 U.S.C. 3805 note, 19 U.S.C. 4001 note, 19 U.S.C. chapter 29 (sections 4501-4732), Public Law 103-182, 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 108-302, 109-53, 109-169, 109-283, 110-138, 112-41, 112-42, and 112-43. __ (ii)Alternate I [Reserved]. __ (iii)Alternate II (Jan 2025) of 52.225-3. __ (iv)Alternate III (Feb 2024) of 52.225-3. __ (v)Alternate IV (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3. __ (50)52.225-5, Trade Agreements (NOV 2023) ( 19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note). __ (51)52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). __ (52)52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) (Section 862, as amended, of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note). __ (53)52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). __ (54)52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). __ (55)52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) ( E.O. 13513). __ (56)52.229-12, Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements (Feb 2021). __ (57)52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). __ (58)52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). _ X _ (59)52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct2018) ( 31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (60)52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) (31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (61)52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (May 2014) (31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (62)52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (Aug 1996) ( 5 U.S.C. 552a). __ (63)52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered Foreign Entities (Nov 2024) (Sections 1821-1826, Pub. L. 118-31, 41 U.S.C. 3901 note prec.). __ (64)52.242-5, Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Jan 2017) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(13)). __ (65)(i)52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2021) ( 46 U.S.C. 55305 and 10 U.S.C. 2631). __ (ii)Alternate I (Apr 2003) of 52.247-64. __ (iii)Alternate II (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64. (c)The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial services, that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] _ X _ (1)52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter67). _ X _ (2)52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (3)52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (4)52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (May 2014) ( 29U.S.C.206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (5)52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (6)52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). _ X _ (7)52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan 2022). _ X _ (8)52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706). __ (9)52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (Jun 2020) (42 U.S.C. 1792). __ (10)52.247-69, Reporting Requirement for U.S.-Flag Air Carriers Regarding Training to Prevent Human Trafficking (Jan 2025) ( 49 U.S.C. 40118(g)). (d)Comptroller General Examination of Record. The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d) if this contract was awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, as defined in FAR 2.101, on the date of award of this contract, and does not contain the clause at 52.215-2, Audit and Records-Negotiation. (1)The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to and right to examine any of the Contractor’s directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract. (2)The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for examination, audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in FAR subpart 4.7, Contractor Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. If this contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be made available for 3 years after any resulting final termination settlement. Records relating to appeals under the disputes clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or relating to this contract shall be made available until such appeals, litigation, or claims are finally resolved. (3)As used in this clause, records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type and regardless of form. This does not require the Contractor to create or maintain any record that the Contractor does not maintain in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to a provision of law. (e)(1)Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this clause, the Contractor is not required to flow down any FAR clause, other than those in this paragraph (e)(1), in a subcontract for commercial products or commercial services. Unless otherwise indicated below, the extent of the flow down shall be as required by the clause- (i)52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509). (ii)52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) ( 41 U.S.C. 4712). (iii)52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (iv)52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (v)52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (vi)52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). (vii)(A)52.204–30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Prohibition. (Dec 2023) ( Pub. L. 115–390, title II). (B)Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204–30. (viii)52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)), in all subcontracts that offer further subcontracting opportunities. If the subcontract (except subcontracts to small business concerns) exceeds the applicable threshold specified in FAR 19.702(a) on the date of subcontract award, the subcontractor must include 52.219-8 in lower tier subcontracts that offer subcontracting opportunities. (ix)52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Apr 2015). (x)52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) (E.O.11246). (xi)52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (xii)52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). (xiii)52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (xiv)52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (f) of FAR clause 52.222-40. (xv)52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) ( 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xvi)(A)52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O 13627). (B)Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). (xvii)52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xviii)52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xix)52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2025) ( E.O. 12989). (xx)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ae40795705d5467597e18841b9c9c7b2/view)