---
layout: default
title: SOLICITATION: Construction of a new Very High Frequency Omnidirectional Range/Tactical Air Navigation (VORTAC) building in Leeville, LA (LEV)
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: b593a8d5d51c41e38dd4b7d1df3eb59a
---

# SOLICITATION: Construction of a new Very High Frequency Omnidirectional Range/Tactical Air Navigation (VORTAC) building in Leeville, LA (LEV)

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 11:28:42.146-04
- Solicitation Number: 6973GH-26-R-00088

## Summary

UPDATE 2 04/23/2026 The Geotechnical Report for this site has been attached. This report is for infomational purposes. Attachment Added: LEV VORTAC Geotechnical Report - Final 2.6.2025.pdf All Terms and Conditions remain unchanged. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATE 1 04/20/2026 Organizational Experience Questionnaire added as an attachment. Ommited from original post by mistake. All terms and conditionas remain unchanged. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has a requirement to construct a new Very High Frequency Omnidirectional Range/Tactical Air Navigation (VORTAC) building in Leeville, LA (LEV) in accordance with the Statement of Work. An award for this requirement is anticipated to be made to the offeror with the lowest priced quote received on or before May 19, 2026 that can be determined fully responsive and responsible. SOLICITATION This is a competitive solicitation for a FIRM FIXED PRICE (FFP) contract. As such, any proposals received that take exception to the terms and conditions in this solicitation, proposes additional terms or conditions, or otherwise indicates within their proposal that their proposed pricing is not all inclusive of the FFP proposed, cannot be evaluated at face value in a competitive environment and will, therefore, be determined ineligible for a contract award. Any activities or costs associated with offerors proposal development and submission thereof is at the risk of the offeror and will not be reimbursed by the FAA. This is competitive solicitation is unrestricted. SITE VISIT A site visit has been scheduled for May 5, 2026 at 1000 (10am) local time at the location below. Please contact the POC below by 5/4/26 if you wish to attend. Real ID is required for all attendees. This site visit is only to see the actual site and not for answering questions. If you have any questions regarding the Statement of Work or the solicitation, please direct them by email to Stephen.N.Branch@faa.gov. Site Visit POC: Kenneth Daily POC Telephone: 817-600-4897 POC Email: Kenneth.Daily@faa.gov Location: LEV VORTAC Site Site Coordinates: 29°10'30.8"N 90°06'14.5"W Gate Coordinates: 29°10'55.4"N 90°06'03.1"W QUESTIONS All questions regarding the project/specifications/plans must be received in writing via email to Stephen.N.Branch@faa.gov no later than 10 days prior to solicitation closing date to allow for responses to be provided prior to due date for receipt of proposals. Please mark all emails with "Questions 6973GH-26-R-00088 LEV VORTAC" in the subject line. INSTRUCTIONS Full instructions for submitting an offer are found in Section L of the solicitation document. Make sure to complete the following in accordance with the requirements in Section L: (a) Completed SIR document (b) Technical Approach Plan (c) Completed Organizational Experience Questionnaire (OEQ) attached in Section (d) Key Personnel List (e) Safety and Security Plan (f) Fully Executed SF-24 Bid Bond EVALUATION FACTORS Offerors must be determined responsive, responsible, and technically acceptable to be eligible for award. Evaluation factors and basis for award are found in Section M of the solicitation document. AWARD DECISION The FAA intends to award a contract to the lowest price offeror determined to be eligible for award. The FAA reserves the right to cancel this requirement at any time and without notice. OFFER DUE DATE All responses to this solicitation for quotes must be received by email to Stephen.n.branch@faa.gov on or before May 19, 2026 at 1600 (4:00 PM) Central Time. Extensions to this due date are not likely to occur. Please include "SIR Response: 6973GH-26-R-00088 LEV VORTAC” within the subject line of your email.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephen Branch
  - Email: stephen.n.branch@faa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: LEV VORTAC Geotechnical Report - Final 2.6.2025.pdf All Terms and Conditions remain unchanged. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- UPDATE 1 04/20/2026 Organizational Experience Questionnaire added as an attachment. Ommited from original post by mistake. All terms and conditionas remain unchanged. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has a requirement to construct a new Very High Frequency Omnidirectional Range/Tactical Air Navigation (VORTAC) building in Leeville, LA (LEV) in accordance with the Statement of Work. An award for this requirement is anticipated to be made to the offeror with the lowest priced quote received on or before May 19, 2026 that can be determined fully responsive and responsible. SOLICITATION This is a competitive solicitation for a FIRM FIXED PRICE (FFP) contract. As such, any proposals received that take exception to the terms and conditions in this solicitation, proposes additional terms or conditions, or otherwise indicates within their proposal that their proposed pricing is not all inclusive of the FFP proposed, cannot be evaluated at face value in a competitive environment and will, therefore, be determined ineligible for a contract award. Any activities or costs associated with offerors proposal development and submission thereof is at the risk of the offeror and will not be reimbursed by the FAA. This is competitive solicitation is unrestricted. SITE VISIT A site visit has been scheduled for May 5, 2026 at 1000 (10am) local time at the location below. Please contact the POC below by 5/4/26 if you wish to attend. Real ID is required for all attendees. This site visit is only to see the actual site and not for answering questions. If you have any questions regarding the Statement of Work or the solicitation, please direct them by email to Stephen.N.Branch@faa.gov. Site Visit POC: Kenneth Daily POC Telephone: 817-600-4897 POC Email: Kenneth.Daily@faa.gov Location: LEV VORTAC Site Site Coordinates: 29°10"30.8"N 90°06"14.5"W Gate Coordinates: 29°10"55.4"N 90°06"03.1"W QUESTIONS All questions regarding the project/specifications/plans must be received in writing via email to Stephen.N.Branch@faa.gov no later than 10 days prior to solicitation closing date to allow for responses to be provided prior to due date for receipt of proposals. Please mark all emails with "Questions 6973GH-26-R-00088 LEV VORTAC" in the subject line. INSTRUCTIONS Full instructions for submitting an offer are found in Section L of the solicitation document. Make sure to complete the following in accordance with the requirements in Section L: (a) Completed SIR document (b) Technical Approach Plan (c) Completed Organizational Experience Questionnaire (OEQ) attached in Section (d) Key Personnel List (e) Safety and Security Plan (f) Fully Executed SF-24 Bid Bond EVALUATION FACTORS Offerors must be determined responsive, responsible, and technically acceptable to be eligible for award. Evaluation factors and basis for award are found in Section M of the solicitation document. AWARD DECISION The FAA intends to award a contract to the lowest price offeror determined to be eligible for award. The FAA reserves the right to cancel this requirement at any time and without notice. OFFER DUE DATE All responses to this solicitation for quotes must be received by email to Stephen.n.branch@faa.gov on or before May 19, 2026 at 1600 (4:00 PM) Central Time. Extensions to this due date are not likely to occur. Please include "SIR Response: 6973GH-26-R-00088 LEV VORTAC” within the subject line of your email

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b593a8d5d51c41e38dd4b7d1df3eb59a/view)