---
layout: default
title: Pyrotechnics (Pyro) Service - Airshow 2027
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 236acd401838426bb846278dccf5c65b
---

# Pyrotechnics (Pyro) Service - Airshow 2027

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 12:01:18.486-04
- Solicitation Number: FA468626Q0007

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA468626Q0007 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for Pyrotechnic Services for Beale AFB. This acquisition is 100% set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure is identified in Attachment 1 - Solicitation, under Supplies or Services & Prices or Costs. Offerors shall return completed as part of the quote or submission. (iii) This requirement is to procure services for the 9th Reconnaissance Wing (9 RW) at Beale Air Force Base (BAFB) requires professional pyrotechnic services for the execution of the 2027 Beale Air Show. The contractor shall provide a complete pyrotechnic service for the 2027 Beale Air Show. The contractor shall provide all personnel, labor, materials, equipment, management, and supervision required to perform the service. The primary service involves choreographing and deploying effects, including a "Wall of Fire," synchronized with aerial demonstrations. The contractor must be flexible to adapt to changes in the air show schedule and aircraft availability, collaborating closely with the Air Show Director and pilots to ensure a dynamic and seamless performance. The Pyro contractor shall perform all services during the planning, arrival, practice, and execution of the 2027 Air Show from the periods of 16-18 April 2027. A paramount component of this scope is ensuring absolute safety and regulatory compliance. The contractor must strictly adhere to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as Department of Defense (DoD) and Air Force regulations, specifically including DESR 6055.09 and DAFMAN 91-201. This includes managing the legal transportation, handling, and storage of all explosive materials. The contractor is required to provide all necessary certifications, proof of insurance, and detailed explosive information for risk assessment and to coordinate all operations with the base Weapons Safety office, Fire Department, and other designated Air Force personnel throughout the event period. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point is identified in Attachment 1 - Solicitation, under Deliveries or Performance Schedules. Place of Contract Performance: Beale AFB, CA; Period of Performance: 4 May 2026 – 3 May 2027. (v) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this solicitation. The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this solicitation and the specific evaluation criteria to be included is identified in Attachment 1. (vi) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provisions at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (vii) There are no additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions (such as contract financing arrangements or warranty requirements) necessary for this acquisition. (viii) Response Times: Q&A's are due Wednesday, 22 April 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. Offers are due Wednesday, 29 April 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. (ix) The name and telephone number of the individual(s) to contact for information regarding the solicitation is Contracting Officer - Teresa Romig, teresa.romig@us.af.mil and Contract Specialist, SSgt Jacob Duderstadt, jacob.duderstadt@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Teresa Romig
  - Email: teresa.romig@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5306343405
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: SSgt JACOB DUDERSTADT
  - Email: jacob.duderstadt@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5306342485

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Solicitation, under Supplies or Services & Prices or Costs. Offerors shall return completed as part of the quote or submission. (iii) This requirement is to procure services for the 9th Reconnaissance Wing (9 RW) at Beale Air Force Base (BAFB) requires professional pyrotechnic services for the execution of the 2027 Beale Air Show. The contractor shall provide a complete pyrotechnic service for the 2027 Beale Air Show. The contractor shall provide all personnel, labor, materials, equipment, management, and supervision required to perform the service. The primary service involves choreographing and deploying effects, including a "Wall of Fire," synchronized with aerial demonstrations. The contractor must be flexible to adapt to changes in the air show schedule and aircraft availability, collaborating closely with the Air Show Director and pilots to ensure a dynamic and seamless performance. The Pyro contractor shall perform all services during the planning, arrival, practice, and execution of the 2027 Air Show from the periods of 16-18 April 2027. A paramount component of this scope is ensuring absolute safety and regulatory compliance. The contractor must strictly adhere to all applicable federal, state, and local laws, as well as Department of Defense (DoD) and Air Force regulations, specifically including DESR 6055.09 and DAFMAN 91-201. This includes managing the legal transportation, handling, and storage of all explosive materials. The contractor is required to provide all necessary certifications, proof of insurance, and detailed explosive information for risk assessment and to coordinate all operations with the base Weapons Safety office, Fire Department, and other designated Air Force personnel throughout the event period. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point is identified in Attachment 1 - Solicitation, under Deliveries or Performance Schedules. Place of Contract Performance: Beale AFB, CA; Period of Performance: 4 May 2026 – 3 May 2027. (v) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this solicitation. The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this solicitation and the specific evaluation criteria to be included is identified in Attachment 1. (vi) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provisions at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (vii) There are no additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions (such as contract financing arrangements or warranty requirements) necessary for this acquisition. (viii) Response Times: Q&A"s are due Wednesday, 22 April 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. Offers are due Wednesday, 29 April 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. (ix) The name and telephone number of the individual(s) to contact for information regarding the solicitation is Contracting Officer - Teresa Romig, teresa.romig@us.af.mil and Contract Specialist, SSgt Jacob Duderstadt, jacob.duderstadt@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/236acd401838426bb846278dccf5c65b/view)