---
layout: default
title: Executive and Emerging Executive Development Plans in support of ASN (M&RA) EMPO
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: a934fa9331d84274a47c7e9e34fa8fde
---

# Executive and Emerging Executive Development Plans in support of ASN (M&RA) EMPO

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 12:18:25.566-04
- Solicitation Number: N0018926QB050

## Summary

This is a COMBINED PRESOLICITATION NOTICE/SOLICITATION for commercial services and is conducted in accordance with the information in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice. The Government will utilize competitive negotiated procedures consistent with FAR Subpart 12.6, including best value tradeoff source selection methods and price reasonableness analysis. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; a written solicitation will not be issued. PAPER COPIES OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE. This combined presolicitation notice/solicitation SHALL be posted on SAM.gov. The reference number is N0018926QB050. This solicitation documents and incorporates by reference Federal Acquisition Regulation provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as amended through the DFARS Change effective November 10, 2025. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfarspgi/current/index.html The NAICS code is 611310 (Colleges, Universities, and Professional Schools) and the Small Business Standard is $34.5 (millions of dollars). The proposed contract is for the design and delivery of graduate-level executive leadership education programs and supporting capabilities for senior leaders within the Department of the Navy (DON) on behalf of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (ASN) for Manpower and Reserve Affairs (MRA) Executive Program Management Office (EMPO), for which the Government intends to solicit and award a Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract to the quoter that is most advantageous to the Government. This proposed acquisition is being solicitated as full and open competition. See attached supporting documents for more information. General Information: PREVIOUS CONTRACT ACTION: A portion of the services outlined in the proposed acquisition were previously provided through 28 September 2025 by the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill - Kenan Flagler Business School (CAGE: 1SGW3) under task order N0018921FZ955. NOTE TO QUOTERS: This solicitation is a Request for Quotes (RFQ). To the extent that the terms appear in the solicitation, the terms RFP, OFFER, PROPOSAL, and OFFEROR shall mean RFQ, SUBMISSION, QUOTE, and QUOTER, respectively. POINT OF CONTACT: The point of contact at the contracting office is Ms. Shanna Harris, who may be reached via email at shanna.c.harris.civ@us.navy.mil PREPARATION COSTS: This RFQ does not commit the Government to pay for the preparation and submission of a quote. FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION: The proposed acquisition is being solicited as full and open competition using FAR Part 12 procedures. The proposed acquisition will result in a purchase order contract on a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) basis. Questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted to Shanna Harris at shanna.c.harris.civ@us.navy.mil no later than Wednesday April 29, 2026, at 10:00am EST. Quotes shall be submitted to Shanna Harris at shanna.c.harris.civ@us.navy.mil and Sean Bennett at sean.m.bennett22.civ@us.navy.mil no later than Friday May 8, 2026, at 10:00am EST. Quote submissions received after the stated submission deadline will not be considered for award. All responsible business sources may submit a quote, which shall be considered by the agency. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. Streamlined procedures in FAR Part 12 are applicable to this procurement. While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of quotes, the final contract award will be based on a combination of factors- price, performance approach, past performance, and socioeconomic plan. System for Award Management (SAM). Quoters must be registered in the SAM database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov/. All quotes shall include price(s) showing any and all materials, travel, and labor, name, phone number and email address of a point of contact, business size, and payment terms. The quote shall explicitly confirm that the quoter can meet all of the technical requirements and provide all of the deliverables for the periods of performance specified herein. Each response must clearly indicate the capability of the quoter to meet all specifications and requirements. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Purchase Order contract to the responsible quoter whose quote represents the best value after evaluation in accordance with the factors in the solicitation. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract based on initial submissions. Accordingly, the quoter should submit its most favorable terms from a performance approach, past performance, socioeconomic, and price standpoint. The Government reserves the right to award a contract to other than the lowest priced quoter or other than the highest technically rated quoter; award a contract without discussions; or award a contract after discussions, whichever is in the best interest of the Government. Quoters shall be required to submit a non-price quote that will be evaluated in accordance with solicitation procedures as set forth in this solicitation. The non-price quote will be more important than price. The nonprice quote will consist of the following factors: Performance Approach, Past Performance, and Socioeconomic Plan. For the non-price evaluation, Performance Approach and Past Performance are of equal importance. Performance Approach and Past Performance are each considered significantly more important than Socio-Economic Plan. A rating of LESS than Acceptable for the Performance Approach and/or the Socio-Economic Plan means the quote is ineligible for award, and the quote will not be further evaluated. This requirement will be awarded as a single Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract. A pricing spreadsheet is included in the solicitation attachments for informational purposes only to assist with quote preparation; this is not a Level of Effort (LOE) requirement. All quotation instructions are contained within the RFQ document.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shanna Harris
  - Email: shanna.c.harris.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a934fa9331d84274a47c7e9e34fa8fde/view)