---
layout: default
title: AFLCMC Armament Directorate Rapid Response (ADRR) Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO) for Innovative Execution
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 224996d9240c4b0db21991e8758144cb
---

# AFLCMC Armament Directorate Rapid Response (ADRR) Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO) for Innovative Execution

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-20 11:31:46.475-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8682-24-C-S001

## Summary

The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC) Armament Directorate at Eglin, AFB FL will utilize this CSO for specific future requirements. All specific requirements and submissions will be posted as Spirals with specific calls to action. This CSO may lead to FAR Part 12 or Other Transactions. This posting of the CSO does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Further, the Government is not seeking proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals. No funding is currently available for the CSO. The AFLCMC ADRR CSO has been open for an initial period of 12 months, ending on 04 June 2025. It has been reviewed and extended for an additional 12 month period ending 04 June 2026. On 30 Sep 25 the AFLCMC ADRR CSO was updated to include three (3) additional articles. On 25 Nov 25 the AFLCMC ADRR CSO was updated to include four (4) additional articles. On 03 Feb 25 the AFLCMC ADRR CSO was updated to administratively update the 25 Nov 25 posting to correctly reflect the addition of four (4) additional articles, and post an updated attachment with correctly numbered articles. On 20 Mar 26 the AFLCMC ADRR CSO was updated to administratively update Attachment 2 - Weapons GRA Quick Start Guide from version 4.1 to version 5.1. Attachment 1 WOSA Reference Architecture available upon request. CLOSED - AMENDMENT 1 ERAM Spiral RFP. *UPDATED 17 JULY 2024* (Updates underlined below) This Spiral is a request for proposals for the ERAM program Phases 1 and 2. Responses to this Spiral are limited to the original 16 vendors identified via RFI posted to SAM.gov in February 2024. If a company not identified though by the RFI would like to be considered, it must request permission and subsequently be approved via email to Garet Simmons (Robert.simmons.37@us.af.mil). All additional details can be found in the ERAM Spiral RFP attachment. The attachments listed in the RFP are attached within the PDF. Please contact Garet Simmons (robert.simmons.37@us.af.mil) with any questions or concerns. PROPOSAL RESPONSE DATE: No Later Than 26 July 2024 @ 5:00 PM (Central) CLOSED - AMENDMENT 2 LUGGED AFFORDABLE CRUISE MISSLE (LACM) REQUEST FOR INFORMATION This Spiral is a request for information for the Lugged Affordable Cruise Missile (LACM). All information regarding the RFI can be found at the link labeled "Lugged Affordable Cruise Missile RFI" in the link section of this CSO. Responses are due NLT 28 Jul 25 @ 1400CDT to sara.riley@us.af.mil. CLOSED - AMENDMENT 3 COUNTER-AIR MISSILE PROGRAM (CAMP) REQUST FOR WHITE PAPERS This Spiral is a request for white papers for the Counter-Air Missile Program (CAMP). All information regarding the request for white papers can be found at the link labeled “CAMP Request for White Papers” in the attachments/links section of the CSO below. All questions should be directed to Jill Harms at jill.harms.1@us.af.mil. AMENDMENT 4 NOTICE OF AFLCMC/EBIW INDUSTRY DAY From 5-6 May 2026, AFLCMC/EBIW will be hosting an Industry Day at the University of Florida Research and Engineering Education Facility (REEF). A Request for Information (RFI) will be posted at a later date providing further detail and invitation information. Interested parties are encouraged to monitor official announcements for the release of the RFI. AMENDMENT 5 FAMM-BAR REQUEST FOR INFORMATION *UPDATED 20 APRIL 2026* (Updates underlined below) This Spiral is a request for information for the Family of Affordable Mass Missiles – Beyond Adversary’s Reach (FAMM-BAR). All information regarding the request for white papers can be found at the link labeled “FAMM-BAR RFI” in the attachments/links section of the CSO below. Interested sources should submit their information via email only. Please include “RFI Response: FAMM-BAR” in the subject line and reply no later than 1700 hrs on 29 April 2026 to the following email AFLCMC.EBIW.Contracting@us.af.mil. For sources interested in attending the FAMM-BAR Industry Day on 6 May 2026, please refer to Section 5.0, Submission Instructions, for further details.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sara Riley
  - Email: sara.riley@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Goldie J. Knittle
  - Email: goldie.knittle@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: correctly numbered articles. On 20 Mar 26 the AFLCMC ADRR CSO was updated to administratively update Attachment 2 - Weapons GRA Quick Start Guide from version 4.1 to version 5.1. Attachment 1 WOSA Reference Architecture available upon request. CLOSED - AMENDMENT 1 ERAM Spiral RFP. *UPDATED 17 JULY 2024* (Updates underlined below) This Spiral is a request for proposals for the ERAM program Phases 1 and 2. Responses to this Spiral are limited to the original 16 vendors identified via RFI posted to SAM.gov in February 2024. If a company not identified though by the RFI would like to be considered, it must request permission and subsequently be approved via email to Garet Simmons (Robert.simmons.37@us.af.mil). All additional details can be found in the ERAM Spiral RFP attachment. The attachments listed in the RFP are attached within the PDF. Please contact Garet Simmons (robert.simmons.37@us.af.mil) with any questions or concerns. PROPOSAL RESPONSE DATE: No Later Than 26 July 2024 @ 5:00 PM (Central) CLOSED - AMENDMENT 2 LUGGED AFFORDABLE CRUISE MISSLE (LACM) REQUEST FOR INFORMATION This Spiral is a request for information for the Lugged Affordable Cruise Missile (LACM). All information regarding the RFI can be found at the link labeled "Lugged Affordable Cruise Missile RFI" in the link section of this CSO. Responses are due NLT 28 Jul 25 @ 1400CDT to sara.riley@us.af.mil. CLOSED - AMENDMENT 3 COUNTER-AIR MISSILE PROGRAM (CAMP) REQUST FOR WHITE PAPERS This Spiral is a request for white papers for the Counter-Air Missile Program (CAMP). All information regarding the request for white papers can be found at the link labeled “CAMP Request for White Papers” in the attachments/links section of the CSO below. All questions should be directed to Jill Harms at jill.harms.1@us.af.mil. AMENDMENT 4 NOTICE OF AFLCMC/EBIW INDUSTRY DAY From 5-6 May 2026, AFLCMC/EBIW will be hosting an Industry Day at the University of Florida Research and Engineering Education Facility (REEF). A Request for Information (RFI) will be posted at a later date providing further detail and invitation information. Interested parties are encouraged to monitor official announcements for the release of the RFI. AMENDMENT 5 FAMM-BAR REQUEST FOR INFORMATION *UPDATED 20 APRIL 2026* (Updates underlined below) This Spiral is a request for information for the Family of Affordable Mass Missiles – Beyond Adversary’s Reach (FAMM-BAR). All information regarding the request for white papers can be found at the link labeled “FAMM-BAR RFI” in the attachments/links section of the CSO below. Interested sources should submit their information via email only. Please include “RFI Response: FAMM-BAR” in the subject line and reply no later than 1700 hrs on 29 April 2026 to the following email AFLCMC.EBIW.Contracting@us.af.mil. For sources interested in attending the FAMM-BAR Industry Day on 6 May 2026, please refer to Section 5.0, Submission Instructions, for further details

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/224996d9240c4b0db21991e8758144cb/view)