---
layout: default
title: Repair Vent Pipes with Cured in Place Piping at Rough River Lake- Market Survey
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7570f507ca6b44e7b2b98ccf76b271c0
---

# Repair Vent Pipes with Cured in Place Piping at Rough River Lake- Market Survey

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 14:49:23.394-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR26-CIPPRRL

## Summary

A market survey is being conducted to determine if there are a reasonable number of interested small business concerns to set this future project aside for them. If your firm is a Small Business, certified HUBZone, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Business and you are interested in this project please respond appropriately. Project Location: Rough River Lake 14957 Falls of Rough Road Falls of Rough, Kentucky 40119-9801 Project Description: Repair three (3) corroded and leaking vent pipes with CIPP (cured in place piping). These air vent pipes are run vertically, 100ft long, 24” diameter. Contractor must remove section near top to access inside of pipe, due to the pipes turning 90° thru an exterior wall. No access can be made from outside the control tower. Access to bottom is possible but not recommended. Additionally, an option may be available to line 1 (one) floatwell with the same material. The float well is run vertically, 95ft long, and 24” diameter. It is open to atmosphere on top, and a bolted cap may be removed on the bottom for access. CIPP material shall be: o Unsaturated Polyester Resin o Multiaxial glass fabric o Cured By UV light o Liner may be pulled into place o Liner must be inflated by compressed air Contract duration is estimated at 180 calendar days. The estimated cost range is between $100,000 and $250,000. NAICS code is 237110 water and sewer line related structures construction. All interested Small Businesses, certified HUBZONE, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business contractors should respond to this survey via Market Survey Response Form by Thursday, April 16, 2026, NLT 10:00 AM Eastern Time. Responses should include: Identification and verification of the company’s small business status. Contractor’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI). Documentation from the firm’s bonding company showing current single and aggregate performance and payment bond limits. Description of Experience – Provide descriptions your firm’s past experience on up to three (3) projects with greater than 95% construction complete, or those projects completed within the last five years which are similar to this project in size, and scope. Provide documentation demonstrating experience for construction of similar type buildings and managing multiple sub-contractors. Demonstrate experience including self-performing 15% of the construction. Provide documentation demonstrating experience for projects of similar type projects. Each project must include the name, title, project role, e-mail address, and telephone number of at least one reference. References may be used to verify project size, scope, dollar value, percentages and quality of performance. Projects similar in Scope to this project include: Using CIPP to repair large diameter (12in or greater) pipe vertically. Installers to provide manufacturers certification and/or licenses. Projects similar in size to this project include: CIPP repair on piping 24 inch diameter and larger, for a total linear footage no less than 100 ft Based on definitions above, for each project submitted include: a. scope of the project b. size of the project c. dollar value of the project d. the portion and percentage of work that was self-performed e. Completion date NOTE: Please only include a narrative of the requested information; additional information will not be reviewed. Submission Requirement: The only authorized transmission method of responses is via filling out the survey form. No other transmission method will be accepted. Please limit your capability statement to the space provided within the form. The Market Survey Response Form can be accessed at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/iAG3kzhCES or via the QR Code provided below. This is NOT a Request for Proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Responses to this sources sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately for responses to this market survey. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity's registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier (known as DUNS). The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes of the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.sam.gov).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alyson Klinglesmith
  - Email: alyson.m.klinglesmith@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5023156463

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7570f507ca6b44e7b2b98ccf76b271c0/view)