---
layout: default
title: H--MICROWAVE TOWER INSPECTION SERVICES
agency: ENERGY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 668e17c14f704e8a965d3e35a01f277c
---

# H--MICROWAVE TOWER INSPECTION SERVICES

- Agency: ENERGY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-02 16:20:20.744-04
- Solicitation Number: 89503426NWA000042

## Summary

AMD 0001 Incorporating Attachment 3 - WAPA Tower Location By Region This Sources Sought Notice is issued for market research to determine the availability, capabilities, and interest of small business firms in a potential Government requirement. The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), Western Area Power Administration (WAPA), is conducting market research to identify contractors capable of providing comprehensive inspection and maintenance services on guyed and self-supported microwave towers at various locations throughout its territory. The work will be performed for each of the following regions: Desert Southwest Region (DSW), Rocky Mountain Region (RMR), Sierra Nevada Region (SNR), and Upper Great Plains Region (UGP). The requirements are outlined in Attachment 1 – WAPA PWS Draft and additional supporting documentation: Exhibit 1: Contract Discrepancy Report (CDR) Exhibit 2: WAPA Communications Tower Inspection Report Form Exhibit 3: Point of Contacts Submittal Addresses THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This Sources Sought is intended for a small business set-aside. The NAICS is 541350 Building Inspection Services, with a size standard of $11.5M. This Sources Sought Notice is released pursuant to FAR Part 10 Market Research and is issued for the purpose of identifying available sources (interested entities) capable of fulfilling the requirement. This is not a solicitation announcement for proposals, and NO CONTRACT will be awarded from this announcement. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. The information gathered from this Sources Sought Notice will be used in the Government's determination of the business type for the Request for Quote (RFQ). The information being solicited includes, but is not limited to, the following: 1. A cover page (no longer than one page) which provides the following information: the entity's name, address, phone number, email address for the point of contact, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, CAGE code, and business size. Specify the small business classification: small business, small-disadvantaged business, woman-owned, veteran-owned, disabled veteran-owned, 8(a), or HUB Zone. 2. A brief Statement of Capabilities detailing how your company meets the requirements outlined in Attachment 1 - WAPA PWS Draft. You are strongly encouraged to submit your Capability Statement in response to this Sources Sought Notice at least twenty-four (24) hours before the specified due date below in order to have time to resolve any transmission issues. As previously indicated, this is NOT a solicitation; therefore, no cost or pricing information should be provided. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. This is a market survey to identify potential sources capable of performing the effort required. Responses should be limited to the entity’s cover page and capabilities statement (as identified above), along with their respective business size based upon the list provided. It is not mandatory for an offeror to respond to this Sources Sought Notice in order to be eligible for proposing on a subsequent RFQ when/if issued. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by APRIL 16, 2026, at 9:00 am EDT. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to suryaty@wapa.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Suryaty, Irma
  - Email: suryaty@wapa.gov
  - Phone: (720) 962-7151

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - WAPA Tower Location By Region This Sources Sought Notice is issued for market research to determine the availability, capabilities, and interest of small business firms in a potential Government requirement. The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), Western Area Power Administration (WAPA), is conducting market research to identify contractors capable of providing comprehensive inspection and maintenance services on guyed and self-supported microwave towers at various locations throughout its territory. The work will be performed for each of the following regions: Desert Southwest Region (DSW), Rocky Mountain Region (RMR), Sierra Nevada Region (SNR), and Upper Great Plains Region (UGP). The requirements are outlined in Attachment 1 – WAPA PWS Draft and additional supporting documentation: Exhibit 1: Contract Discrepancy Report (CDR) Exhibit 2: WAPA Communications Tower Inspection Report Form Exhibit 3: Point of Contacts Submittal Addresses THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This Sources Sought is intended for a small business set-aside. The NAICS is 541350 Building Inspection Services, with a size standard of $11.5M. This Sources Sought Notice is released pursuant to FAR Part 10 Market Research and is issued for the purpose of identifying available sources (interested entities) capable of fulfilling the requirement. This is not a solicitation announcement for proposals, and NO CONTRACT will be awarded from this announcement. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. The information gathered from this Sources Sought Notice will be used in the Government"s determination of the business type for the Request for Quote (RFQ). The information being solicited includes, but is not limited to, the following: 1. A cover page (no longer than one page) which provides the following information: the entity"s name, address, phone number, email address for the point of contact, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, CAGE code, and business size. Specify the small business classification: small business, small-disadvantaged business, woman-owned, veteran-owned, disabled veteran-owned, 8(a), or HUB Zone. 2. A brief Statement of Capabilities detailing how your company meets the requirements outlined in Attachment 1 - WAPA PWS Draft. You are strongly encouraged to submit your Capability Statement in response to this Sources Sought Notice at least twenty-four (24) hours before the specified due date below in order to have time to resolve any transmission issues. As previously indicated, this is NOT a solicitation; therefore, no cost or pricing information should be provided. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. This is a market survey to identify potential sources capable of performing the effort required. Responses should be limited to the entity’s cover page and capabilities statement (as identified above), along with their respective business size based upon the list provided. It is not mandatory for an offeror to respond to this Sources Sought Notice in order to be eligible for proposing on a subsequent RFQ when/if issued. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by APRIL 16, 2026, at 9:00 am EDT. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to suryaty@wapa.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/668e17c14f704e8a965d3e35a01f277c/view)