---
layout: default
title: 5836--LICSENSE PLATE RECOGINTION SYSTEM and SUBSCRIPTION
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ed7399063c1b4655ad7ba94f4d89b5d5
---

# 5836--LICSENSE PLATE RECOGINTION SYSTEM and SUBSCRIPTION

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-20 15:20:55.656-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0523
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 561621 (Size standard of $25.0 MM) or 541519 (Information Technology Value Added Resellers, Size standard of 150 employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. SCOPE OF WORK VA is looking to acquire base plus four option year subscriptions of Flock Safety s Flock OS (License Plate Recognition Platform) with law enforcement grade - infrastructure free license plate recognition cameras including professional installation and integration or Equal. Term of Service Contractor must be eligible to provide support service for up to five years (base + four option years) on all installed equipment. For the duration of the contract, the vendor must possess and uphold current certifications and licenses to continue providing hardware and software services. Salient Characteristics Platform/System/Software Software/platform must be managed by vendor through its own server and cloud. Must be able to Identify vehicles by make, color, decals, transforming footage into actionable evidence even without plate number information. Must have the ability to Respond faster with automated alerts for NCIC, NCMEC, or custom Hot List vehicles via SMS, email, and app notifications. Must provide unlimited user access to the system. Must have Interagency operability with all of the participating agencies listed below to use real-time data integration and sharing through partner agencies' current systems to detect and locate vehicles that might be connected to criminal activity. Partnering law enforcement agencies and cities agencies in Los Angeles, Orange County, San Bernadino, Riverside, and San Diego Counties San Bernardino County Sheriff s Department Long Beach Police Department California State University Long Beach Police Los Angeles County Sheriff s Department Cal State at San Bernardino Costa Mesa Police Department Orange County Sheaff s Department Chaffey College Police Department Santa Ana Police Department Placentia Police Department Los Angeles Police Department Whitter/Santa Fe Springs Police Colton Police Department Fontana Police Department Redlands Police Department Rialto Police Department Ontario Police Department Riverside County Sheriff s Department Calimesa Police Department Canyon Lake Police Department Coachella Police Department Eastvale Police Department Indian Wells Police Department Jurupa Valley Police Department La Quinta Police Department Lake Elsinore Police Department Moreno Valley Police Department Norco Police Department Palm Desert Police Department Perris Police Department Rancho Mirage Police Department San Jacinto Police Department Temecula Police Department Wildomar Police Department Mt. San Jacinto College Police Department Riverside County Regional Medical Center Sheriff station City of Grand Terrace City of Chino Hills City of Calimesa City of Canyon Lake City of Eastvale City of Jurupa Valley City of La Quinta City of Lake Elsinore City of Moreno Valley City of Norco City of Palm Desert City of Perris City of Rancho Mirage City of San Jacinto City of Temecula City of Wildomar San Diego Police Department El Cajon Police Department Chula Vista Police Department Coronado Police Department Loma Linda VA Healthcare System Camera & Monitoring System Must be capable of covering up to two lanes. Must be capable of reading/capture plate information of vehicles moving between 0-60 MPH from 40 to 70 feet away. Must be solar powered and connected via LTE or faster network capability, so they can be installed almost anywhere with minimal infrastructure requirements. Must have the resolution to capture vehicle characteristics (Color, Make, Model, Plate #, etc.) identifiable images and videos of the vehicles entering and exiting parking facilities day, and night. Installation Must be installed by licensed and certified technicians. Must present a complete installation plan, and have it approved by the Chief of Police, prior to initiating the installation. Installation must be done on the utility and camera poles that are currently in place and indicated in Yellow on the map below. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, you MUST provide the information indicated below OR your intent, interest to participation, and information provided will not be considered as valid for research purposes. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR § 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? Please indicate if manufacturer is/will be US domestic Small Business / US Domestic Large Business / Foreign. (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (15) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (16) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (17) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (18) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to sam.choo@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Tuesday, March 31, 2026 by 10:00 AM PST. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Choo, Sam
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: sam.choo@va.gov
  - Phone: sam.choo@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ed7399063c1b4655ad7ba94f4d89b5d5/view)