---
layout: default
title: SOURCES SOUGHT FOR INDEFINITE DELIVERY INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) REGIONAL CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE CONTRACT FOR GENERAL SITE WORK INCLUDING ASPHALT PAVING AND PAVING RELATED SERVICES, MINOR UTILITY WORK, AND MINOR CONCRETE MAINTENANCE REPAIRS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ad489dfe377a423ca0cefd5649f99ec1
---

# SOURCES SOUGHT FOR INDEFINITE DELIVERY INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) REGIONAL CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE CONTRACT FOR GENERAL SITE WORK INCLUDING ASPHALT PAVING AND PAVING RELATED SERVICES, MINOR UTILITY WORK, AND MINOR CONCRETE MAINTENANCE REPAIRS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 14:43:00.641-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008526B0009

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT FOR INDEFINITE DELIVERY INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) REGIONAL CONSTRUCTION MAINTENANCE CONTRACT FOR GENERAL SITE WORK INCLUDING ASPHALT PAVING AND PAVING RELATED SERVICES, MINOR UTILITY WORK, AND MINOR CONCRETE MAINTENANCE REPAIRS FOR NAVAL STATION NEWPORT, RHODE ISLAND AND SURROUNDING LOCATIONS INCLUDING THE NAVAL UNDERSEA WARFARE CENTER AND NAVFAC PWD NEW LONDON THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. The intent of this notice is to conduct market research to determine if sources capable of satisfying this agency’s requirements exist. The Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Mid-Atlantic is seeking eligible small business firms capable of performing paving services for a Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity Regional Construction Maintenance contract for general site work including asphalt paving and paving related services, minor utility work and minor concrete maintenance repairs for Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island and surrounding locations including the Naval Undersea Warfare Center and NAVFAC PWD New London. All service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSB), certified HUB-Zone, certified 8(a), women-owned small businesses (WOSB), and small businesses are encouraged to respond. Upon review of industry responses to this sources sought notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. Large business submittals will not be considered. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this synopsis. The information provided in this notice is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for or award a contract. No drawings or specifications will be made available at this time. The Government will not provide debriefs on the results of this research, but feedback regarding the decision to set aside or not set aside the procurement will be accomplished via pre-solicitation synopsis or solicitation for these services, as applicable. All information submitted will be held in a confidential manner and will only be used for the purpose intended. An Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity Regional Construction Maintenance contract for general site work including asphalt paving and paving related services, minor utility work and minor concrete maintenance repairs for Naval Station Newport, Rhode Island and surrounding locations including the Naval Undersea Warfare Center and NAVFAC PWD New London is anticipated. The total contract term is anticipated to be five years; a base year with four option years. General Work Requirements: This is a Regional Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract. The work includes but is not limited to, the provision of all labor, materials, equipment, tools, transportation, supplies, and supervision for: excavation, backfill, removal of bituminous and cementitious concrete materials, reclaiming pavement, saw cutting asphalt and concrete, resetting catch basin (CB) and manhole (MH) frame and covers, MH rehabilitation, curb removal, curb resetting, disposal of soil containing arsenic and clean soil. The work further includes the provision and installation of new: fill material, gravel base material, bituminous pavement, temporary bituminous patching, curbing, seeding, sodding, cast-in-place concrete, concrete sidewalks, pavement markings, chain link fence, utility structures, utility piping, concrete duct bank, steam piping and other associated work and/or material including all incidental related work. Asbestos abatement including writing the work plan and disposal of waste is also included. The contractor may be called upon for urgent and rapid response calls to assist Naval Station Public Works with utility repairs. The Government contemplates that one contract will be awarded for this solicitation. The projects shall be administered by the specific base location of the work. In accordance with DFARS Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) 236.204(ii), the total estimated magnitude of construction for this contract (base period plus option years) is between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000. The anticipated award of this contract is August 2026. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this project is 237310, Highway, Street, and Bridge Construction, and the Small Business Size Standard is $45,000,000. The procurement method to be utilized is RFO Part 14, Sealed Bidding. Should the resulting solicitation be a set-aside for small business or 8(a) concerns, the resulting contract will include RFO 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, which currently requires a small business concern to perform at least 15 percent of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with its own employees. If adequate interest is not received from Small Business concerns, the solicitation will be issued as unrestricted without further notice. Interested sources are invited to respond to this sources sought announcement by using the forms provided under separate files titled Sources Sought Contractor Information Form (form attached) and Project Information Form (form attached). These forms are required. Information not provided may prohibit your firm from consideration. If you are submitting as a mentor-protégé joint venture under the 8(a) program, you must provide SBA approval of the mentor-protégé agreement to be considered as small for this procurement. For more information on the definitions or requirements for these small business programs refer to http://www.sba.gov/. Responses must include identification and verification of the firm’s small business status. The following information shall be provided: Contractor Information: Provide your firm’s contact information including Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and CAGE Code. Type of Business: Identify whether your firm is a Small Business, SBA certified 8(a), SBA certified HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, and/or Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business, or Women-Owned Small Business concern. Bonding Capacity: Provide your surety’s name, your maximum bonding capacity per project and your aggregate maximum bonding capacity. Construction Experience: Submit a minimum of three (3) up to a maximum of five (5) relevant construction projects your firm has performed to best demonstrate your experience on relevant projects that are similar in size, scope, and complexity. With the exception of 13 CFR 125.2(g) below, experience of proposed subcontractors will not be considered. Furthermore, the Offeror’s experience as a subcontractor will not be considered. For each of the submitted relevant projects (a maximum of five (5) projects), ensure that the form is completed in its entirety for each project and limited to two pages per project. Ensure that the description of the project clearly identifies whether the project is new construction or a renovation, and if the square footage and final construction cost addresses how the project meets the size/scope/complexity requirements. A relevant project is defined as a construction project performed under a single task order or contract. For multiple award and indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity type contracts, the contract as a whole shall not be submitted as a project and will not be considered; rather, Offerors shall submit the work performed under a task order as a project. Recent is defined as having been 100% completed within the last five (5) years prior to the sources sought submission due date. A relevant project is further defined as: Size / Scope / Complexity: Contractor experience with repairing at least 2,000 square yards of asphalt, including curbing, light pole bases, catch basin rebuild, concrete dumpster pad installation, sidewalk installation, pavement markings or bio-retention swale construction. In addition, provide a brief narrative response to discuss the following items: Describe your firm’s ability to manage multiple simultaneous projects in the Rhode Island area location, including the maximum number of task orders under Indefinite-Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts where your firm is prime contractor. Specify if these task orders were issued under a single contract or multiple contracts. Note: Capability will only be satisfied on projects that are considered relevant in terms of size/scope /complexity and completed within the specified time period. For purposes of evaluating capability, the “Offeror” is defined as the prime contractor that demonstrates experience on relevant projects that meet size, scope and complexity. In accordance with 13 CFR 125.2(g), small business Offerors may utilize the experience of a small business first-tier subcontractor(s) to demonstrate experience under this capability evaluation if the Offeror cannot independently satisfy the experience requirement as defined above. In order to utilize the experience of a small business first-tier subcontractor(s), the offeror must specifically identify the proposed small business first-tier contractor(s) in its capability package in accordance with this notice. The Offeror or, if a small business Offeror, its small business first-tier subcontractor, shall have been the prime contractor on all submitted projects. The Government notes that 13 CFR 125.2(g) is specific to only small business Offerors and named small business first-tier subcontractors. As such, the small business Offeror is not permitted to use the experience of a large business subcontractor or large business corporate affiliate in place of its own if the small business Offeror cannot independently satisfy the experience requirement as defined above. Please note that if you are responding as an 8(a) Mentor-Protégé, you must indicate the percentage of work to be performed by the protégé. A copy of the SBA letter stating that your 8(a) Mentor-Protégé agreement has been approved would be required with your proposal, if requested. This notice is a market research tool being used to determine the availability and adequacy of potential small business sources prior to determining the method of acquisition and ultimate issuance of an award. Upon review of industry response to this sources sought notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. The Government will use responses to this Sources Sought Synopsis to make appropriate acquisition decisions. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this notice. The Capabilities Statement for this sources sought is not expected to be a proposal, but rather short statements regarding the company’s ability to demonstrate existing-or-developed expertise and experience in relation to the areas specified herein. Submission of a Capabilities Statement is not a prerequisite to any potential future offerings, but participation will assist the Government in tailoring requirements to be consistent with industry capabilities. Responses are due on 16 April 2026 by 2:00 P.M. local time. The submission package shall ONLY be submitted electronically to Angela Clifton at angela.j.clifton2.civ@us.navy.mil and MUST be limited to a 4Mb attachment. You are encouraged to request a "read receipt." Responses received after the deadline or without the required information will not be considered. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed by email to angela.j.clifton2.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ANGELA CLIFTON
  - Email: angela.j.clifton2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410692
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kristy GERREK
  - Email: kristy.gerrek@navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410089

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ad489dfe377a423ca0cefd5649f99ec1/view)