---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice, Laboratory Supplies Government Scientific Source or Similar, IHS, Phoenix Indian Medical Center
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 317592131d324797b0804a877cf2c553
---

# Sources Sought Notice, Laboratory Supplies Government Scientific Source or Similar, IHS, Phoenix Indian Medical Center

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 16:11:28.101-04
- Solicitation Number: RFI-IHS1525124-PIMC

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE FOR INDIAN ECOMOMIC ENTERPRISES (IEE), INDIAN SMALL BUSINESS ECONOMIC ENTERPRISES (ISBEE) OR SMALL BUSINESS OR OTHER THAN SMALL BUSINESS – THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSAL AND NO CONTRACT SHALL BE AWARDED FROM THIS NOTICE. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. The Indian Health Service (IHS), Phoenix Area Office (PAO), Division of Acquisition Management (DAM) is issuing this sources sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support on providing Government Scientific Source or Similar, Laboratory Supply for the Laboratory Department at the Phoenix Indian Medical Center located in Phoenix, AZ. Reference RFI-IHS1525124-PIMC. Requirement: Government Scientific Source Part Numbers for Laboratory Supplies. ITEM # DESCRIPTION U/M QTY/YR 355 PEDIATRIC 2 LIQ 6x4ml 1/EA 24 409 U TOX S1S LIQ 10x1 1/EA 12 419 U TOX S2S LIQ 10x1 1/EA 12 423 U TOX S1E LOW OPIATE 10x10ml 1/EA 12 424 U TOX S2E LOW OPIATE 10x10ml 1/EA 12 460 U TOX NEGATIVE LIQ 10x20ml 1/EA 12 752 SPINAL FLUID 2 LIQ 6x3ml 1/EA 18 56356 PASTOREX, STAPH-PLUS, 50/BX 50/PK 12 72339 GEENIUS HIV - 1/2 CONTROLS, POS & NEG 1/EA 12 72461 GEENIUS HIV - 1/2 SUPPLEMENTAL ASSAY, 20 TESTS 1/EA 24 311020 311040 Liaison QuantiFERON - TB Gold Plus 200/PK 26 311021 Liaison Control QuantiFERON TB Gold Plus 40/PK 10 622536 QuantifERON Plus Tubes 200/PK 50 290-1004 ANALYTICAL CARTRIDGE/CALIBRATOR PACK 1/PK 5 290-1006 CALIBRATOR PACK 1/PK 5 290-1007 PREFILTERS 5 PER PACK 5/PK 10 290-1008 CLEANING TUBE 1/EA 12 290-1009 SAMPLE DILUTENT 1/EA 4 290-1010 ELUTION BUFFER A 1/EA 32 290-1011 ELUTION BUFFER B 1/EA 32 290-1012 WASH SOLUTION 1/EA 32 3801575 HEMATOXYLIN 560 MX 4 500ml BTL 1/EA 24 3801616 ALCOHOLIC EOSIN Y 515 4 500ml BT 1/EA 24 3802915 BLUE BUFFER 8 500ml 1/EA 24 3803591 DEFINE 4 500ml BTL 1/EA 24 1200-0243 D-100 MICROVIALS (100/PK) 100/PK 12 12005786 OPIATE 1 LIQ 6x5ml 1/EA 10 12005787 OPIATE 2 LIQ 6x5ml 1/EA 10 12008256 MULTIQUAL 1 1/EA 48 12008258 MULTIQUAL 3 1/EA 48 12008277 SPECIALITY IA 1 INTELIQ 6x4ml 1/EA 18 12008279 SPECIALITY IA 3 INTELIQ 6x4ml 1/EA 18 12008299 ETHANOL/AMMONIA 1 INTELIQ 6x2ml 1/EA 36 12008301 ETHANOL/AMMONIA 3 INTELIQ 6x2ml 1/EA 36 12009948 IA PLUS 1 INTELIQ 12x4ml 1/EA 48 12009950 IA PLUS 3 INTELIQ 12x4ml 1/EA 48 12009955 CARDIAC MARKER 1 1/EA 36 12009957 CARDIAC MARKER 3 1/EA 36 12009995 URINE CHEMISTRY 1 12x3ml 1/EA 36 12009996 URINE CHEMISTRY 2 12x3ml 1/EA 36 12011343 DIABETES 1 LIQ 6X1 ML 1/EA 12 12011345 DIABETES 3 LIQ 6X1 ML 1/EA 12 19000041 DIABETES 3 LIQ 6X1 ML 1/EA 12 Delivery To: Phoenix Indian Medical Center, 4212 North 16th Street Bldg-9, Laboratory Dept., Phoenix, AZ 85016 The applicable NAICS Code to this procurement is 334516, Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing. An e-mail letter of interest that includes your firm’s Capability Statement highlighting past performance for similar deliveries performed within the past 5 years and indicate the following social economic status information is all that is required at this time. Is your firm a: ___ Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise/Native Owned Small Business OR ___ Small Business (SB), ___ Veteran-Owned SB, ___ Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned SB, ___ HUBZone SB ___ Small Disadvantage Business, ___ Women-Owned SB OR ___ Other Than Small Business BUY INDIAN ACT The IHS Contracting Officer will give priority for all purchases, regardless of dollar value, by utilizing ISBEE set-aside to the maximum extent possible. Each acquisition of supplies, services or construction that is subject to commercial items (FAR 12.209) or Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP) (FAR 13.106) must be set-aside exclusively for ISBEEs. Definition(s): INDIAN ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE (IEE) - Any business activity owned by one or more Indians, Federally Recognized Indian Tribes, or Alaska Native Corporations provided that: ? The combined Indian, Federally Recognized Indian Tribe or Alaska Native Corporation ownership of the enterprise constitutes not less than 51%; ? The Indian, Federal Recognized Indian Tribes, or Alaska Native Corporations must, together, receive at least 51% of the earnings from the contract; and ? The management and daily business operations must be controlled by one or more individuals who are Indians. Definition: INDIAN SMALL BUSINESS ECONOMIC ENTERPRISE (ISBEE) – An IEE that is also a small business concern established in accordance with the criteria and size standards of 13 CFR Part 121. The government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to provide supplies consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR ISBEE OR SMALL BUSINESS OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION, and a single award MAY be made. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed supplies are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by April 27, 2026 4:00 PM MST. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov and reference RFI-IHS1525124-PIMC. All interested firms who can meet the requirements stated above should respond, in writing, INCLUDING ALL THE FOLLOWING: 1. Company name. 2. Point of contact (name/title/telephone number/e-mail address). 3. FSS / SEWP Contract number, if applicable. 4. DUNS number OR SAM Unique Entity Identifier Number. 5. Tax ID number. 6. Indication of which business category (IEE or ISBEE) for which the organization qualifies. 7. A capability statement that addresses the organizations qualifications and ability to provide the requirement depicted above. 9. Documentation from manufacturer (i.e., correspondence from manufacturer) of your firm being an authorized distributor for the manufacturer. Additionally, since IHS must conduct sufficient market research in determining if there is reasonable expectation of obtaining offers from two or more Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE), for every commercial contract opportunity, in accordance with HHSAR 326.603-1. To identify and support responsible IEE/ISBEE(s) and prevent circumvention or abuse of the Buy Indian Act, interested, qualified, vendors must provide the following: ? Representation must be made on the designated IHS Indian Economic Enterprise Representation form (attached) through which the offeror will self-certify eligibility; and, ? Identify the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe or Alaska Native Corporation upon which the offeror relies for its IEE status. Interested firms are reminded that in accordance with FAR 4.12, prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications in conjunction with FAR 4.1102 required to be registered in the Systems for Award Management (SAM) at the time an offer or quotation is submitted in order to comply with the annual representations and certifications requirements. The Government will use responses to this notice to make an appropriate acquisition decision. This is the only notice: no other copies of this notice will be provided. If you have any questions concerning this opportunity please contact: Donovan Conley Contract Specialist Phoenix Area Office, Acquisition Department 40 North Central Ave 602-200-5374 Attachment: 1. IHS Indian Economic Enterprises Representatives form

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Donovan Conley
  - Email: Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6023645174
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jeremy Steel
  - Email: jeremy.steel@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6023645264

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/317592131d324797b0804a877cf2c553/view)