---
layout: default
title: Migrant Case Management System
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 35b4b0b713fc45b6812362162fd009c2
---

# Migrant Case Management System

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 14:26:55.767-04
- Solicitation Number: RUUS-26-00006

## Summary

NOTE: THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY This RFI is issued solely for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to obtain additional information and for market research purposes. This RFI shall not be construed as an obligation on the part of the Government. This is NOT a Request for Quotations or Proposals. No solicitation document exists, and the Government may or may not issue a formal solicitation as a result of the responses received to this RFI. The Government will not pay any response or demonstration expenses. All costs incurred responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party's expense. Failure to respond to this RFI will not preclude participation in any future solicitation. Any information received will become the property of the Government and will not be returned to the submitter. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary or sensitive information. The Government’s explicit intent, in this request for information, is to not receive from respondents any proprietary data, trade secrets, business sensitive information, or information considered CONFIDENTIAL under 18 U.S.C. §1905. The Government’s constraint does not in any way relieve contractors from their responsibility to properly mark proprietary data when it is provided, nor does it alleviate any requirement for the Government to protect marked data. The Government is not obligated to protect unmarked data. The information provided in this RFI is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. DESCRIPTION: DHS is supporting capacity-building for a foreign-nation partner to enable the safe and humane removals of individuals to their country of citizenship, in accordance with local and international law. Specifically, DHS is working with a foreign immigration enforcement agency responsible for decisions on admissibility and deportations. Pursuant to this objective, DHS is providing deportation assistance to address the continuous arrival of irregular migrants, including efforts to expand access to asylum. This includes by providing technical assistance to enhancing the partner capacity to safely and securely process individuals identified for removal. Currently, only a small number of arrivals who are not authorized to remain in the country under local and international law are removed. Local government capacity to remove these individuals is hampered by the lack of a case management system (CMS) to identify, track, and ensure the safe, humane processing of individuals for removal, including individuals housed at temporary reception centers and secure, sex-segregated facilities. This project involves work to leverage a commercial off the shelf (COTS) software to support, in partnership with a foreign government, an effective CMS that tracks the lifecycle of an immigration case from encounter to final disposition. Interested parties are invited to review the attached Draft Performance Work Statement, Draft Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan, and Migrant Case Management System Business Process for additional information. PURPOSE OF THIS RFI: The intent of this RFI is to enable the Government to gain a better understanding of the available ecosystem of vendor solutions for a CMS. This project involves delivery of an information technology software solution to a foreign partner for the purposes of capacity building. This solution may be required to operate in a relatively austere environment, with limited bandwidth and connectivity. In addition, this solution will be required to conform to host-nation personal data protection laws. INFORMATION REQUEST: Interested parties should submit responses addressing the questions contained in the attached RFI Questions and submit questions for the Government’s consideration. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: The total submission page count shall not exceed 25 pages, Times New Roman, Font Size 11, excluding the cover page. Only one submission will be reviewed per vendor for this RFI. That submission can respond to one or more questions above. Only electronic submissions will be accepted. Emails with attachments larger than 5 MB shall be broken down into multiple emails with no one attachment exceeding 5 MB. Each electronic submission shall include: RFI Number and “Migrant Case Management System RFI Response” in the subject line Vendor Name and Mailing Address Single point-of-contact, including name, phone number, and email address of the person to be contacted regarding any correspondence between the Government and the Vendor. This person should be a primary contact and capable of addressing questions or issues associated with the submission in response to this RFI. Business Size and Socioeconomic Category under NAICS Codes 513210 and 518210 Company Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number Include a brief summary of email content. If the submission includes more than one attachment, please include the file number and total files being submitted (e.g., File 1 of 4, File 2 of 4, etc.) Responses to this RFI may be reviewed by Government technical experts drawn from staff within DHS and other Federal agencies as well as foreign partners DHS is supporting through its capacity building effort. The Government may also use selected support contractor personnel to assist in the review of the responses. These support contractors will be bound by appropriate non-disclosure agreements to protect proprietary and source selection information. All responses shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer, Bjorn Miller, at bjorn.miller@hq.dhs.gov and Contract Specialist, Lauri Rotava, at lauri.rotava@hq.dhs.gov no later than 12:00 pm Eastern Time, Tuesday, March 31, 2026. Late responses will be accepted but only responses submitted on time are guaranteed to be considered prior to finalizing an acquisition strategy. The Government reserves the right to hold one-on-one meetings as a result of responses received from this RFI as part of its market research. Meetings may be held with vendors who provide the most comprehensive responses to the questions posed.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Bjorn Miller
  - Email: bjorn.miller@hq.dhs.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Lauri Rotava
  - Email: lauri.rotava@hq.dhs.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: 5 MB. Each electronic submission shall include: RFI Number and “Migrant Case Management System RFI Response” in the subject line Vendor Name and Mailing Address Single point-of-contact, including name, phone number, and email address of the person to be contacted regarding any correspondence between the Government and the Vendor. This person should be a primary contact and capable of addressing questions or issues associated with the submission in response to this RFI. Business Size and Socioeconomic Category under NAICS Codes 513210 and 518210 Company Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number Include a brief summary of email content. If the submission includes more than one attachment, please include the file number and total files being submitted (e.g., File 1 of 4, File 2 of 4, etc.) Responses to this RFI may be reviewed by Government technical experts drawn from staff within DHS and other Federal agencies as well as foreign partners DHS is supporting through its capacity building effort. The Government may also use selected support contractor personnel to assist in the review of the responses. These support contractors will be bound by appropriate non-disclosure agreements to protect proprietary and source selection information. All responses shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer, Bjorn Miller, at bjorn.miller@hq.dhs.gov and Contract Specialist, Lauri Rotava, at lauri.rotava@hq.dhs.gov no later than 12:00 pm Eastern Time, Tuesday, March 31, 2026. Late responses will be accepted but only responses submitted on time are guaranteed to be considered prior to finalizing an acquisition strategy. The Government reserves the right to hold one-on-one meetings as a result of responses received from this RFI as part of its market research. Meetings may be held with vendors who provide the most comprehensive responses to the questions posed

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/35b4b0b713fc45b6812362162fd009c2/view)