---
layout: default
title: Dumpster Services Engineer Repair Yard
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f15c5c3dce2342be81c968690d205df2
---

# Dumpster Services Engineer Repair Yard

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 07:05:24.703-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PM26QA029

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE FOR DUMPSTER SERVICE AT THE ENGINEER REPAIR YARD IN WILMINGTON, NC AND THE SNOWS CUT PROPERTY AT CAROLINA BEACH, NC The Contractor is responsible to provide labor, equipment, supplies, and maintenance on the equipment required to provide dumpster and recycling services to collect and remove recyclable items and Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) for U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Wilmington District Engineer Repair Yard (ERY) and the Snows Cut Operations Area (SCOA) (sections 2.1 & 2.2) on a regular scheduled basis as specified within this contract SOW. All non-recyclable waste shall be transported and disposed of in accordance with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations. All recyclable waste must be diverted from area landfills, and Contractor is responsible for ensuring that recyclable waste is being recycled. The contractor shall submit an Annual Waste Diversion Report (Enclosure A) at the end of each year of the contract to the Technical Point of Contact (TPOC) (section 9.1), to include: • Total weight of Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) collected and landfilled. • Total weight of each type of Recyclable Material (e.g., cardboard, co-mingled) collected and diverted from the landfill. The Contractor shall perform in accordance with all terms, conditions, specifications, and standards contained herein, and all current local, county, state of North Carolina, and Federal regulations and laws. The Contractor will be responsible for dumping fees and the Government will be responsible for any fines associated with public visitors illegally dumping any hazardous waste in the dumpster discovered by landfill personnel. LOCATION #1: ENGINEER REPAIR YARD (ERY) 232 Battleship Road NE Leland, NC 28451 MONTHLY RENTALS & SCHEDULED SERVICES: (1) 8-cy Dumpster (MSW) / MONTHLY RENTAL: Empty once per week (52 times per year). (1) 8-cy Dumpster (Cardboard) / MONTHLY RENTAL: Empty once every two weeks (26 times per year). (1) 96-gallon Recycling Bin (Co-mingled) / MONTHLY RENTAL: Empty once per week (52 times per year). ON-CALL SERVICES: 8-cy Dumpster (MSW): Additional emptying services as needed, NTE 36 times per year. 30-cy Construction Dumpster: On-call emptying services as needed, NTE 15 times per year. Tonnage fees for disposal are billable, NTE 30 tons per year. 8-cy Dumpster (Cardboard): Additional emptying services as needed, NTE 12 times per year. 96-gallon Recycling Bin: Additional emptying services as needed, NTE 12 times per year. AS-NEEDED CONTAINER DROP-OFF & PICK-UP: Additional 8-cy Dumpsters: Provide drop-off and pick-up of additional dumpsters at either location as needed. This is a delivery and removal service only and does not include emptying services. Dumpsters are expected to be on-site for 30 days or less. LOCATION #2: SNOWS CUT OPERATIONS AREA (SCOA) 304 Annie Drive Carolina Beach, NC 28428 MONTHLY RENTALS & SCHEDULED SERVICES: (1) 8-cy Dumpster (MSW) / MONTHLY RENTAL ONLY ON-CALL SERVICES: (1) 8-cy Dumpster (MSW): On-call emptying services as needed, NTE 24 times per year. AS-NEEDED CONTAINER DROP-OFF & PICK-UP: Additional 8-cy Dumpsters: Provide drop-off and pick-up of additional dumpsters at either location as needed. This is a delivery and removal service only and does not include emptying services. Dumpsters are expected to be on-site for 30 days or less. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUCEMENT ONLY. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. This is NOT a Request for Quotes (RFQ). This notice is issued for the sole purpose of conducting market research in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10. This RFI is not a request for proposal. It is a market research tool being used to determine the potential for small business firms capable of providing the services. The Government's determination on how to compete the proposed requirement will be made based on responses to this notice and is at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information from respondents as a result of this RFI. The NAICS for this requirement is 562111, Solid Waste Collection, with a size standard of $47.0 million. The Government is requesting information from interested and capable sources for the purpose of identifying sources that can meet the Government's requirement and help determine how to issue the solicitation. The information provided must contain enough detail to demonstrate ability to meet the Government's requirement as described in the Project Information listed below. It is the intent of the Government to solicit and award as a firm fixed priced contract and will be procured in accordance with the FAR, DFARS, AFARS, and USACE Acquisition Instructions. The anticipated performance period for this contract is one (1) base year and four (4) twelve-month options. The base year will be from date of 01 April 2021 to 31 March 2022. The responses are for informational purposes only and do no obligate the Government or Contractor in any way. All interested firms with 562111, Solid Waste Collection, as an approved NAICS code have until 16 April 2026 at 11:00 AM to submit the following information: - Name & Address of your Firm - Point of Contact (Name/Phone/E-mail) - Current SAM or UEI and CAGE Code - Business Size, to include designation as HUBZone, 8(a), Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Woman-Owned Business, and Large Business. Any supporting documentation that confirms your socio-economic status should be provided, i.e., letter of certification from VA confirming SDVOSB status. The Government must be able to verify SBA certification of HubZone and 8(a) via SAM. - Evidence of capabilities to perform services listed above and three (3) recent projects greater than $50,000.00 in value (not more than five (5) years old.) Include the project name and description of the key/salient features of the project (completion date, total contract construction value, and your company's level of involvement in the project, i.e., subcontractor (type), prime, GC, etc.) and your specific role. Additionally, if you were teaming with another firm, clearly identify your role on the project(s) submitted. Please provide at least one point of contact (with e-mail address and phone number) for project validation. The Government will not give credit to projects if the lack of information hinders the ability to determine relevancy and/or level or experience. -Management approach to staffing this effort with qualified personnel -Company’s ability to perform at least 51% of the work and -Company’s ability to begin performance upon contract award The Government may not give credit to your socio-economic class if there is not sufficient documentation to support it or if the Government cannot verify through other means that your business is as such. The requested information shall be submitted electronically to: U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Attn: Ros Shoemaker E-mail: Rosalind.m.shoemaker@usace.army.mil The email should be titled: Dumpster Services Sources Sought - W912PM26QA029 Do not send hard copies of advertising or promotional materials. Please ensure that all responses are comprehensive and provide a name and point-of-contact for your firm for follow-up by this office or the procuring contracting officer. If you have responded to any previous e-mail messages or had other communications with our office regarding preliminary market research for this project, please be advised that it will be necessary for you to respond to this e-mail and the questions contained therein. Any responses involving teaming agreements should delineate between the work that will be accomplished by the Prime Contractor and work accomplished by the teaming partner All information is to be provided on a voluntary basis at no charge to the Government. There is no entitlement to payment of direct or indirect costs related to or arising out of responding to this request for information. All information provided becomes property of the Government. There is no guarantee, expressed or implied, that the market research for this acquisition will result in any guarantee of award or acquisition strategy.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rosalind M. Shoemaker
  - Email: rosalind.m.shoemaker@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 910-251-4436
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sonny Smith
  - Email: sonny.z.smith@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 910-251-4493

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f15c5c3dce2342be81c968690d205df2/view)