---
layout: default
title: Canyon New Park Cleaning Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4357df13fe734c4582d9643076957321
---

# Canyon New Park Cleaning Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 17:25:39.306-04
- Solicitation Number: W9126G26QA061

## Summary

AMENDMENT FOR INCLUSION OF SCHEDULED SITE VISIT ON 17 MARCH 2026 at 10:00 A.M. SEE ATTACHED AMENDMENT 0001 FOR FULL DETAILS. W9126G26QA061 ? Facility and Park Cleaning Services at Canyon Lake, Capital Region, Texas.(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W9126G26QA061 is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) for Facility and Park Cleaning Services at Canyon Lake, Capital Region, Texas. This is a non-personal services requirement to provide park and facility cleaning services at various parks and locations at Canyon Lake. The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary to perform cleaning services as defined in the Performance Work Statement. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by full-text. Responses are due no later than 21 March 2026 at 4:00 P.M. CT.(ii) A list of line-item number(s), quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(vi) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact: See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c): All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. ? Point of Contact: Jennifer McCollum at jennifer.mccollum@usace.army.mil? PSC: S201 ? Housekeeping ? Custodial Janitorial? NAICS: 561720 ? Janitorial Services ? Facility and Park Cleaning Services at Canyon Lake, Capital Region, Texas. (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W9126G26QA061 is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) for Facility and Park Cleaning Services at Canyon Lake, Capital Region, Texas. This is a non-personal services requirement to provide park and facility cleaning services at various parks and locations at Canyon Lake. The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary to perform cleaning services as defined in the Performance Work Statement. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract.This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by full-text. Responses are due no later than 23 March 2026 at 11:00 A.M. CT. (ii) A list of line-item number(s), quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061 (iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061 (v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061 (vi) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact: See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c): All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. ? Point of Contact: Jennifer McCollum at jennifer.mccollum@usace.army.mil ? PSC: S201 ? Housekeeping ? Custodial Janitorial ? NAICS: 561720 ? Janitorial Services

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer McCollum
  - Email: jennifer.mccollum@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 8176477959
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Gary Rizzolo
  - Email: gary.s.rizzolo@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: W9126G26QA061(iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(vi) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact: See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c): All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. ? Point of Contact: Jennifer McCollum at jennifer.mccollum@usace.army.mil? PSC: S201 ? Housekeeping ? Custodial Janitorial? NAICS: 561720 ? Janitorial Services ? Facility and Park Cleaning Services at Canyon Lake, Capital Region, Texas. (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W9126G26QA061 is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) for Facility and Park Cleaning Services at Canyon Lake, Capital Region, Texas. This is a non-personal services requirement to provide park and facility cleaning services at various parks and locations at Canyon Lake. The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary to perform cleaning services as defined in the Performance Work Statement. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract.This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by full-text. Responses are due no later than 23 March 2026 at 11:00 A.M. CT. (ii) A list of line-item number(s), quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061 (iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061 (v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061 (vi) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)): See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact: See Attachment Solicitation W9126G26QA061(viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c): All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. ? Point of Contact: Jennifer McCollum at jennifer.mccollum@usace.army.mil ? PSC: S201 ? Housekeeping ? Custodial Janitorial ? NAICS: 561720 ? Janitorial Services

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4357df13fe734c4582d9643076957321/view)