---
layout: default
title: Custodial Services - Brookville (PA011), Clearfield (PA017), and Saint Marys (PA087), PA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 76692d945b65450a8e712bb7cfd7fe17
---

# Custodial Services - Brookville (PA011), Clearfield (PA017), and Saint Marys (PA087), PA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 08:21:39.791-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN26QA0608

## Summary

***THIS REQUIREMENT IS A 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET ASIDE IN ACCORDANCE WITH FAR 19.502-2*** THIS REQUIREMENT IS SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH FAR CLAUSE 52.232-18 1. The purpose of this solicitation is for the procurement of Custodial Services at the Brookville Memorial United States Army Reserve Command (USARC), located at 20 Spruce Street, Brookville, PA 15825; PFC Melvin L. Brown USARC/BMA 106, 6400 Clearfield Woodland Highway, Clearfield, PA 16830; and the Elks County Memorial USARC, located at 500 North Saint Marys Road, Saint Marys, PA 15857, in support of the 99th Readiness Division (99th RD). 2. The Government intends to solicit and award a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract. The period of performance for this effort shall be one (1) 12-month Base Period and four (4) 12-month Option Periods. 3. See Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.212-1 "Instructions To Offerors", FAR 52.212-1 "Addendum For Instructions To Offerors", FAR 52.212-2 "Addendum For Evaluation Criteria" and FAR 52.212-4 "Addendum for Contract Terms And Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 4. A primary site visit will be available on MONDAY, 13 APRIL 2026 from 10:00AM EDT to 1:00PM EDT with an alternate site visit scheduled for THURSDAY, 16 APRIL 2026 from 10:00AM EDT to 1:00PM EDT. All requests shall be submitted via email to the Alternate Facilities Operations Specialist (AFOS), Mr. Tim Peters, timothy.s.peters3.ctr@army.mil, Regional Facility Operations Specialist (RFOS), Mr. Randy Baker, randy.a.baker.civ@army.mil, the Contract Specialist, Mitchell Douglas at Mitchell.e.douglas.civ@army.mil, and the Contracting Officer, Jasmyne Peterson at jasmyne.c.peterson.civ@army.mil. Visitors must have a valid driver's license or state issued identification. In no way shall failure to inspect the site constitute a grounds for claim after award. 5. Questions regarding the solicitation shall be submitted via email no later than 12:00PM EST, MONDAY, 20 APRIL 2026 to the Contract Specialist, Mitchell Douglas at mitchell.e.douglas.civ@army.mil, and the Contracting Officer, Jasmyne Peterson at jasmyne.c.peterson.civ@army.mil . 6. All work shall be performed in accordance with Attachment 0001 - Performance Work Statement. 7. All offers shall remain valid for 120 calendar days. 8. The Offeror must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible to receive a Department of Defense contract award. Steps to register can be found at https://www.SAM.gov. 9. COMPLETING A QUOTE FOR SUBMITTAL: a. Quotes are due no later than the date and time listed in the Standard Form (SF) 1449, Block 8, and shall be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist, Mitchell Douglas at mitchell.e.douglas. civ@army.mil, and the Contracting Officer, Jasmyne Peterson at jasmyne.c.peterson.civ@army.mil. Updates to this solicitation will be posted on the SAM website (https://www.SAM.gov/). b. CAGE Code, Unique Entity Identified (UEI), Federal Tax Identification Number (TIN), and any small business preference or socioeconomic concern (such as 8(a) certified, HUBZone certified, Women-Owned Small Business/Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business, and Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business) under the applicable NAICS code, see block SF1449, Block 10. c. The Offerors shall submit a price for each FFP Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) for the base period and option periods on the SF1449 Continuation Sheets of the solicitation. Offerors are required to complete blocks 12, 17, and 30. Offerors are required to submit a signed SF1449 (Blocks 30a through 30c). In addition, the contractor shall sign and acknowledge any potential resulting amendments to this solicitation. In doing so, the offeror accedes to the contract terms and conditions as written in the solicitation. d. Provide the name, title, address, email address and telephone number of the company/division point of contact regarding business decisions made with respect to the proposal and who can contractually obligate the company. The offeror shall identify those individuals authorized to negotiate with the Government. e. Pricing for each CLIN must be submitted in the proper format. The proper format consists of QUANTITY * UNIT PRICE = AMOUNT/NET AMOUNT. In the event there is a discrepancy in the calculation, the UNIT PRICE will be held to the intended price multiplied by the QUANTITY. If the offeror shows only the AMOUNT/NET AMOUNT, but fails to enter a UNIT PRICE, the AMOUNT/NET AMOUNT divided by the QUANTITY will be held to be the intended price. f. The Contractor shall submit with its offer, the Prime Contractor's valid Certificate of Insurance in accordance with the requirements and applicable insurance amounts set forth within the solicitation at FAR 52.228-5, Insurance - Work on a Government Installation," and "Insurance Requirements" listed below. g. The offeror shall complete all "fill-ins" in provisions and clauses that apply to the response to this solicitation. h. Failure to provide any applicable information required by this solicitation may result in the offeror being deemed non-responsive and ineligible for award. 10. ATTACHMENTS: - Attachment 0001: CUSTODIAL SERVICES PWS - Attachment 0002: PA011 CUSTODIAL MAP (March 2026) - Attachment 0003: PA017 CUSTODIAL MAP (March 2026) - Attachment 0004: PA087 CUSTODIAL MAP (March 2026) - Attachment 0005: SCA Wage Determination 2015-4249, Rev. No. 32 (d. 12.03.2025)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mitchell E Douglas
  - Email: mitchell.e.douglas.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jasmyne Peterson, Contracting Officer
  - Email: Jasmyne.C.Peterson.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Performance Work Statement. 7. All offers shall remain valid for 120 calendar days. 8. The Offeror must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible to receive a Department of Defense contract award. Steps to register can be found at https://www.SAM.gov. 9. COMPLETING A QUOTE FOR SUBMITTAL: a. Quotes are due no later than the date and time listed in the Standard Form (SF) 1449, Block 8, and shall be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist, Mitchell Douglas at mitchell.e.douglas. civ@army.mil, and the Contracting Officer, Jasmyne Peterson at jasmyne.c.peterson.civ@army.mil. Updates to this solicitation will be posted on the SAM website (https://www.SAM.gov/). b. CAGE Code, Unique Entity Identified (UEI), Federal Tax Identification Number (TIN), and any small business preference or socioeconomic concern (such as 8(a) certified, HUBZone certified, Women-Owned Small Business/Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business, and Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business) under the applicable NAICS code, see block SF1449, Block 10. c. The Offerors shall submit a price for each FFP Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) for the base period and option periods on the SF1449 Continuation Sheets of the solicitation. Offerors are required to complete blocks 12, 17, and 30. Offerors are required to submit a signed SF1449 (Blocks 30a through 30c). In addition, the contractor shall sign and acknowledge any potential resulting amendments to this solicitation. In doing so, the offeror accedes to the contract terms and conditions as written in the solicitation. d. Provide the name, title, address, email address and telephone number of the company/division point of contact regarding business decisions made with respect to the proposal and who can contractually obligate the company. The offeror shall identify those individuals authorized to negotiate with the Government. e. Pricing for each CLIN must be submitted in the proper format. The proper format consists of QUANTITY * UNIT PRICE = AMOUNT/NET AMOUNT. In the event there is a discrepancy in the calculation, the UNIT PRICE will be held to the intended price multiplied by the QUANTITY. If the offeror shows only the AMOUNT/NET AMOUNT, but fails to enter a UNIT PRICE, the AMOUNT/NET AMOUNT divided by the QUANTITY will be held to be the intended price. f. The Contractor shall submit with its offer, the Prime Contractor"s valid Certificate of Insurance in accordance with the requirements and applicable insurance amounts set forth within the solicitation at FAR 52.228-5, Insurance - Work on a Government Installation," and "Insurance Requirements" listed below. g. The offeror shall complete all "fill-ins" in provisions and clauses that apply to the response to this solicitation. h. Failure to provide any applicable information required by this solicitation may result in the offeror being deemed non-responsive and ineligible for award. 10. ATTACHMENTS: - Attachment 0001: CUSTODIAL SERVICES PWS - Attachment 0002: PA011 CUSTODIAL MAP (March 2026) - Attachment 0003: PA017 CUSTODIAL MAP (March 2026) - Attachment 0004: PA087 CUSTODIAL MAP (March 2026) - Attachment 0005: SCA Wage Determination 2015-4249, Rev. No. 32 (d. 12.03.2025)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/76692d945b65450a8e712bb7cfd7fe17/view)