---
layout: default
title: AMSCO Pass Through Dry Cabinet
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 8044e0455d2941d18dca6a4934771bb4
---

# AMSCO Pass Through Dry Cabinet

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 12:58:19.138-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0309

## Summary

1. STATEMENT OF WORK The contractor shall provide all services, labor, travel, transportation, material, shipping, parts, connections, and equipment necessary for provision and on-site installation of equipment to provide a minimum quantity of two pass-through instrument drying cabinet units located at 4801 Linwood Blvd, Kansas City MO 64128. The pass-through instrument drying cabinets are needed to support Sterile Processing Service (SPS) for reprocessing reusable medical devices (RMD) used in invasive procedures. They are needed to support medical procedures and surgeries in the operating room, dental clinic, and surgical clinic. The contractor shall also provide training to clinical staff prior to equipment use, capturing all tours of duty for the sterile processing department. The contractor is responsible for removing and disposing of all debris and packing material left from the installation of the pass-through instrument drying cabinets. The contract includes two pass-through instrument drying cabinets, and full installation services to include necessary installation components to support wall structure for pass-through capabilities per schedule below: 2. SPECIFICATIONS Minimum of two (2) pass-through instrument drying cabinets shall have maximum individual dimensions of 78 inches (H) x 38 inches (W) x 31 inches (D), for a total space occupancy of 80 inches (H) x 76 inches (W) x 32 inches (D). The pass-through instrument drying cabinets shall maintain full separation between the decontamination environment and high level disinfection environment with no risk of cross contamination between the areas (AAMI ST91-21). The facility space in which the AER can occupy is approximately 8.2’ (L) x 8.8’ (h) Ability to support drying of canulated instrumentation’s internal channels. Ability to support drying of internal channels of DaVinci robotic arms. Built in HEPA filtrated air with HEPA air purge connectors for lumens. Ability to dry heat-sensitive devices. Ability to maintain temperature between 63°F - 77°F (17°C - 25°C) and humidity between 30%-60% RH Instrument drying cabinet must support utility requirements: 120Vac, 60Hz, 20 Amp, 53dBa Maximum weight per cabinet of 750 lb (340kg) 3. REQUIREMENTS It is the responsibility of the Contractor to conduct site visits, verify existing conditions, quantities of materials, installation instruction of materials to be used, and discrepancies or conflicting requirements in the Statement of Work before preparing the Final Proposal. The contractor shall provide and install two pass-through instrument drying cabinets to the VA Medical Center located at 4801 Linwood Kansas City, Mo 64128. The contractor shall ensure that all repairs, preventable, and remedial maintenance provided during the provision timeframe of this contract meet and or exceed the OEM’s specifications. The contractor shall ensure that only FULLY QUALIFIED TECHNICIANS/ENGINEERS are employed in the performance of all work performed under this contract. The contractor shall ensure that the highest standard of professional capability and workmanship is maintained throughout the life of this contract. 4. EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE & RESPONSE TIMES The vendor shall provide full-service maintenance through a service agreement for minimum 2 years post installation. The vendor shall provide all additional recurring and preventive maintenance activities: Emergency response for equipment and MSPS failures. The vendor shall respond to the facility for any equipment failure resulting in a total or partial loss of the equipment installed within or any portion of the mobile sterile processing system within 4 hours from the time of VAMC contact. If a permanent solution cannot be resolved within 24 hours of initial failure, a temporary solution shall be operational within 24 hours of initial failure. An agreed permanent solution shall be planned, and replacements ordered within 5 business days of initial failure. 5. SAFETY The contractor/vendor shall always, ensure that all work provided complies with all local, State, and Federal rules and regulations pertaining to workplace safety. The contractor shall take all proper safety and health precautions to protect the work, the workers, the public and the property (OSHA). Installs and construction work will be in accordance with all applicable codes to include the most current codes National Fire Protection Association (NFPA), and the VA Design Guide Manuals that are applicable to the work. If the design guide is equivalent or more stringent then the mentioned codes, the VA Design Guide takes precedence. 6. DOCUMENTATION The contractor shall furnish to the KCVA Medical Center Biomedical Engineering department legible hard copies and electronic copies of service reports of the maintenance indicating details of the maintenance performed upon completion of all work. 7. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Kansas City Veteran Administration Medical Center, 4801 Linwood Blvd. Kansas City 64128 8. PERFORMANCE MONITORING The contractor’s performance will be monitored by the Contracting Officer (CO), Contracting Officer Representative (COR), Infection Control Risk Assessment Office, and Safety Office during the rental agreement period. Coordinate all administrative and construction requirements exclusively with or through assigned Contracting Officer Representative (COR). The Construction Safety Officer, Construction Safety Committee, and COR will review the operations and site construction conditions of the project to confirm that all Safety regulations relating to construction and healthcare facilities are being adhered to. Daily and weekly safety rounds will be conducted. For non-compliance safety related issues, a safety report will be sent to the Contractor to correct within 14 days. Non-compliance may result in job-site suspense until compliance is met at the contractor’s expense. 9. HOURS OF OPERATION The contractor will perform services required during the hours of 7:30 am – 4:00 pm, Monday through Friday or as directed by the designated COR. 10. U.S LEGAL HOLIDAYS The following is a list of U.S. Government holidays. If the holiday falls on a Saturday, the proceeding Friday is observed as the holiday; if the holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday is observed as the holiday. HOLIDAY DATE New Year’s Day Jan 1 Martin Luther King’s Birthday 3rd Monday in Jan President’s Day 3rd Monday in Feb Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 4 Labor Day 1st Monday in Sep Columbus Day 2nd Monday in Oct Veterans Day Nov 11 Thanksgiving Day 4th Thursday in Nov Christmas Day Dec 25 11. SECURITY/ IDENTIFICATION “The C&A requirements do not apply, and Security Accreditation Package is not required” Taking of photographs/videos/recording of any kind is PROHIBITED on VA premises unless pertaining to work assignment, instructed or authorized by the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). Contractor will always wear his or her identification badge while on VA premises. The badge shall be clearly visible, front facing, and above the waist. Contractors shall be required to attend the construction safety training that is offered every Tuesday morning at 0700 in Bldg. #6. Employees shall have a valid state or government identification. All contractor/vendor personnel shall display a KCVAMC issued identification badge while performing work on any VAMC property. The contractor will not require access to confidential systems. The security requirements and impact for this project have been identified in VA Handbook

6500.6 Appendix A. The C&A (Certification and Accreditation) requirements do not apply and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. Smoking is prohibited on property. Possession of weapons is prohibited (in vehicle or on person). Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of the VA regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court. Contractor employees (crew) when on KCVAMC grounds; shall not bring visitors into the facility; shall not bring into the facility, any form of weapons or contraband; shall not bring in any alcohol or drugs or be under the influence of alcohol/drugs; shall conduct themselves in a professional and polite manner at all times; shall not cause any disturbances in the facility, are subject to all the rules and regulations of the KCVAMC. Contractor personnel shall present a neat appearance and be easily recognized. Contractor shall furnish and require every on-site company employee to wear a company shirt and safety shoes. All company workers while on duty shall be identified by uniform shirt or blouse indicating the company logo. The print should be large enough to be easily read. In addition, all company staff assigned to work at the KCVAMC.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jon Lutmer
  - Email: Jonathan.lutmer@va.gov
  - Phone: 4104463862

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . The C&A (Certification and Accreditation) requirements do not apply and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. Smoking is prohibited on property. Possession of weapons is prohibited (in vehicle or on person). Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of the VA regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court. Contractor employees (crew) when on KCVAMC grounds; shall not bring visitors into the facility; shall not bring into the facility, any form of weapons or contraband; shall not bring in any alcohol or drugs or be under the influence of alcohol/drugs; shall conduct themselves in a professional and polite manner at all times; shall not cause any disturbances in the facility, are subject to all the rules and regulations of the KCVAMC. Contractor personnel shall present a neat appearance and be easily recognized. Contractor shall furnish and require every on-site company employee to wear a company shirt and safety shoes. All company workers while on duty shall be identified by uniform shirt or blouse indicating the company logo. The print should be large enough to be easily read. In addition, all company staff assigned to work at the KCVAMC

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8044e0455d2941d18dca6a4934771bb4/view)