---
layout: default
title: Protestant Administrative Religious Education Coordinator
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fc0578f2a2c54909bce293be26d6ba07
---

# Protestant Administrative Religious Education Coordinator

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 19:36:41.201-04
- Solicitation Number: PANMCC26P0000042545

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION INTRODUCTION The United States Army Yuma Proving Ground (USAYPG) is issuing this sources sought notice as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support the requirement for Protestant Administrative Religious Education Coordination Services. The intention is to procure these services on a competitive basis. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES (IN FULL OR IN PART) OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. All Small Business Set-Aside categories will be considered. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Place of Performance: Yuma Proving Ground DISCLAIMER “THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A “REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)” or Request for Quote (RFQ). IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION OR A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. Responses do not constitute offers, and the government is not obligated to award a contract. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION or submittal OF RESPONSES. the government is not committed or obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this Sources Sought INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. RESPPONSES WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO THE RESPONDER. NOT RESPONDING TO THIS NOTICE DOES NOT PRECLUDE PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE PROCURMENT ACTION. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF POTENTIAL OFFERORS TO MONITOR THE GPE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMMATION PERTAINING TO THIS REQUIREMENT.” PROGRAM BACKGROUND The services fall under the Yuma Proving Ground Chaplain’s Religious Support Program as defined in the Command Master Religious Program (CMRP). The mission of the Chaplain’s Religious Support Program is to provide military religious support activities that meet the religious requirements of Soldiers, Families, and authorized civilians. The primary goal of the Chaplains’ Religious Support Program is to ensure the free exercise of religious preference which is a statutory requirement under USC Title 10. As a non-personal services, the Contractor is not a member of the Commander’s Staff or Command Chaplain’s Staff. See Attachment 1_20260408_Draft Protestant Administrative Coordinator Religious Education PWS. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The contractor shall provide Protestant Administrative Religious Education Coordinator to the Yuma Proving Ground Religious Support Office (RSO). This is a non-personal services contract to perform tasks and provide deliverables identified herein. The contractor shall become knowledgeable of the Religious Education (RE) Program through the review of SOPs, program schedules, Concept of Operations, etc. The contractor shall attend and participate in required meetings scheduled by the Chaplain in order to gain and provide information pertaining to RE. The contractor shall become knowledgeable of the RE Program through the review of SOPs, program schedules, Concept of Operations, etc. The contractor shall prepare and provide a monthly calendar of all RE events to include special seasonal events. The contractor shall prepare and track multiple documents pertaining to RE programs during regular and seasonal time periods. Documents include the facility reservation request form, RE flyers and the attendance reports. The contractor shall assist in the preparation of program materials for regular and seasonal RE programs. This assistance includes making copies, distribution of supplies and materials and resetting the space used at the conclusion of the RE program activities. All services should be conducted in alignment with requirements defined in Part 4 of this PWS. Further detail is provided in the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) attached to this announcement (Attachment 1_20260408_Draft Protestant Administrative Coordinator Religious Education PWS). If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, email address, Web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements; and The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) Provide services consistent, in scope and scale, with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; and 3) implement a successful project management plan including: compliance with program schedules; cost containment; performance tracking; retention of key personnel, hiring plan to fill gaps and performance risk mitigation. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 813110 with a Small Business Size Standard of $13.0 mil. The Product Service Code is G002 Social-Chaplain. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than 10 pages in length using 10-point Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch. This documentation must address at a minimum the following items: What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this PBSOW for the base period as well as the option periods. Provide a statement including current small/large business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, UEI number, etc. Respondents to this notice also must indicate whether they quality as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Women-Owned, HUBZone, or Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern. The proposed contract is subject to include tasking that would be accomplished by labor categories that are subject to the Service Contract Act or a collective bargaining agreement. Upon evaluation of the capability statements, if it is determined that this requirement will be an unrestricted competition, the Government intends to evaluate the Small-Business responses and conduct further market research to identify a subcontracting goal. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 14:00 Mountain Daylight Time (MDT), 16 April 2026. All response under this sources sought notice to include any capabilities statement must be e-mailed to Kristen Long (Contract Specialist) kristen.m.long6.civ@army.mil in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF). All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. No phone calls will be accepted All questions must be submitted to the contract specialist identified above. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this sources sought notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kristen Long
  - Email: kristen.m.long6.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 9283282978
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Teresa Dinwiddie
  - Email: Teresa.v.dinwiddie.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 9283282357

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: _20260408_Draft Protestant Administrative Coordinator Religious Education PWS. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The contractor shall provide Protestant Administrative Religious Education Coordinator to the Yuma Proving Ground Religious Support Office (RSO). This is a non-personal services contract to perform tasks and provide deliverables identified herein. The contractor shall become knowledgeable of the Religious Education (RE) Program through the review of SOPs, program schedules, Concept of Operations, etc. The contractor shall attend and participate in required meetings scheduled by the Chaplain in order to gain and provide information pertaining to RE. The contractor shall become knowledgeable of the RE Program through the review of SOPs, program schedules, Concept of Operations, etc. The contractor shall prepare and provide a monthly calendar of all RE events to include special seasonal events. The contractor shall prepare and track multiple documents pertaining to RE programs during regular and seasonal time periods. Documents include the facility reservation request form, RE flyers and the attendance reports. The contractor shall assist in the preparation of program materials for regular and seasonal RE programs. This assistance includes making copies, distribution of supplies and materials and resetting the space used at the conclusion of the RE program activities. All services should be conducted in alignment with requirements defined in Part 4 of this PWS. Further detail is provided in the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) attached to this announcement (Attachment 1_20260408_Draft Protestant Administrative Coordinator Religious Education PWS). If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, email address, Web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements; and The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) Provide services consistent, in scope and scale, with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; and 3) implement a successful project management plan including: compliance with program schedules; cost containment; performance tracking; retention of key personnel, hiring plan to fill gaps and performance risk mitigation. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 813110 with a Small Business Size Standard of $13.0 mil. The Product Service Code is G002 Social-Chaplain. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than 10 pages in length using 10-point Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch. This documentation must address at a minimum the following items: What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this PBSOW for the base period as well as the option periods. Provide a statement including current small/large business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, UEI number, etc. Respondents to this notice also must indicate whether they quality as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Women-Owned, HUBZone, or Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern. The proposed contract is subject to include tasking that would be accomplished by labor categories that are subject to the Service Contract Act or a collective bargaining agreement. Upon evaluation of the capability statements, if it is determined that this requirement will be an unrestricted competition, the Government intends to evaluate the Small-Business responses and conduct further market research to identify a subcontracting goal. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 14:00 Mountain Daylight Time (MDT), 16 April 2026. All response under this sources sought notice to include any capabilities statement must be e-mailed to Kristen Long (Contract Specialist) kristen.m.long6.civ@army.mil in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF). All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. No phone calls will be accepted All questions must be submitted to the contract specialist identified above. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this sources sought notice

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fc0578f2a2c54909bce293be26d6ba07/view)