---
layout: default
title: J045--Building 1 Heat Exchanger Replacement
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3f7c05cd14ac41ce87fa3b27cbd99c6a
---

# J045--Building 1 Heat Exchanger Replacement

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 14:32:23.618-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0321
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Effective Date: 04/18/2025 Revision: 02 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-04. This solicitation is set-aside for Small Business 100% The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 238220, with a small business size standard of $19 Million. The FSC/PSC is J035. The White River Junction VAMC located at 1 VA Center, 163 Veterans Drive is seeking a qualified vendor to replace the failed C-2 heat exchanger for White River Junction VA Medical Center. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001 Heater Exchanger Replacement Period: Base

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ GRAND TOTAL _______________ STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) B1 Heat Exchanger Replacement Department of Veterans Affairs White River Junction VAMC Replacement of Heat Exchanger and Related Components The White River Junction VA Medical Center, Vermont (WRJVAMC) requires a qualified Contractor to replace the failed C-2 heat exchanger, along with associated piping and equipment, located in building 1 mechanical room 14. This heat exchanger is a component of the heating, ventilating, and air conditioning (HVAC) system that provides filtered fresh air to patient areas. The scope of work includes: Removal and disposal of existing C-2 heat exchanger, air separator, and flash tank. Removal and disposal of all piping, pipe connections, and valves that are between the above components or that are nearby and either non-compliant or not serviceable. Note: threaded pipe fittings are not permitted. Removal and salvage for reinstallation of the two circulator pumps located in front of the heat exchanger. Installation of new heat exchanger, air separator with auto vent, and flash tank to replace the corresponding removed equipment. Reinstallation of the circulator pumps, preferably to configure the two pumps at the same horizontal level or as near to level as possible. Installation of new piping and fittings as required to reconnect the components. Insulation of all newly installed equipment and piping. Functional testing to ensure proper flows and operational temperatures are met. Startup of system and equipment. Work at the WRJ VAMC shall be conducted to minimize impact to the healthcare facility operations, staff, and patients. Infection Control measures, as defined in Infection Control Risk Assessment (ICRA), will be required at all times. Construction activity will require constant coordination with VA personnel. Tasks and Requirements Heat Exchanger Specifications The replacement equipment should be equivalent to and capable of providing the same operational conditions as the corresponding existing equipment. The heat exchanger had the following original specifications per the as-built drawing sheet 1-H-3 Air Conditioning Schedules, dated from 1976: The nameplate on the existing heat exchanger lists the following information: Contractor Qualifications Contractor shall employ licensed pipefitters and qualified technicians to perform the services described herein. Qualified means a technician shall have successfully completed at least one year of trade school in a relevant course of study and shall have five years of experience with institutional and/or industrial plumbing and HVAC systems similar in design to the WRJVAMC facility. The WRJVAMC facility manager or engineer may define and accept equivalent qualifications. Contractor service personnel shall demonstrate familiarity with and ready access to relevant sections of the current versions of the following references: NFPA 85, Boiler and Combustion Systems Hazards Code VHA Boiler and Associated Plant Safety Device Testing Manual Tubular Exchanger Manufacturers Association (TEMA) standards American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) code Service Requirements The Contractor shall provide all qualified technician labor, equipment, tools, materials, parts, supplies, transportation, supervision, any other items, and non-personal services deemed necessary to perform the required work at the WRJVAMC. All Contractor employees performing work at WRJVAMC shall be trained in and shall follow proper VA lock out / tag out procedures. Submittals must be reviewed and approved by the VA prior to the start of work. Contractor shall be responsible for all construction debris removal. The Contractor shall provide its own dumpster as well as dump carts and HEPA carts as needed. Dump carts are to be sealed with a tight-fitting lid during travel to and from the work site to the designated dumpster location. Dumpster location and debris removal pathway shall be approved by the VA Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Work Schedule Work shall be completed in conformance with the time schedule requested by WRJVAMC. Contractor is solely responsible for all necessary regulatory notifications to meet the time schedule. Contractor shall notify the WRJVAMC facility management and the COR at least two weeks prior to performing the work on site. Normal working hours are from 7:30 AM to 3:30 PM, Monday through Friday. Contractor shall not perform work at VA facility outside of those hours or on government holidays without prior notification to and approval from the COR, except for emergency service. Information Security and Privacy Statement Information Security: The certification and authorization requirements do not apply; a Security Accreditation Package is not required. Incidental exposure to protected health information may occur from accessing the work site. Contractor personnel will follow all VA Privacy & Security policies and procedures. The work does not involve connection of electronic devices or systems to the VA computer network or access to sensitive VA data. The following terms relating to Federal Records Management apply: Contractor shall adhere to pertinent laws, codes, and regulations such as 44 U.S.C chapters 21, 29, 31 and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information. Period of Performance The period of performance shall not exceed 80 days from notice to proceed. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: 163 Veterans Drive, White River Junction, VT Postal Code: 05009 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services [Attention CO: www.sam.gov registration is required to be complete at time of submission of response.] Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services [In accordance with FAR 12.301(c) when the use of evaluation factors is appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial servicesÂ (seeÂ 12.602); or (2)Â Include a similar provision containing all evaluation factors required byÂ 13.106,Â subpartÂ 14.2Â orÂ subpartÂ 15.3, as an addendum (seeÂ 12.302(d)).] The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel The following clauses are applicable: 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation & First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328), 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), 52.219-28, 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (SEP 2021), 52.222-3, Convict Labor (JUN 2003), 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (SEP 2016), 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020), 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (JUN 2020), 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (FEB 2021), 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (AUG 2018), All quoters shall submit the following: (1) A Firm Fixed Price Quote which shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. (2) A technical capability statement or descriptive literature demonstrating the ability to meet the requirements of the Statement of Work (3) Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is Monday, 16 March 2026 at 5:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time will not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. All quotes shall be sent to Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of the FAR. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than Friday, 20 March 2026 by 5:00 PM EST. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov The following are the decision factors: ADDENDUM to 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES Basis for Award. The Government will issue a purchase order to the responsible quoter whose quotation conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Technical Past Performance Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will evaluate quotations using the comparative evaluation process outlined in FAR 13.106-2 (b) (3), where quotations will be compared to one another to determine which provides the best benefit to the Government. The Government reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price that provides additional benefit(s). Quotations may exceed minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation, but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. The evaluation will consider the following: Technical: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Past Performance: The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the contracting officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; Customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices Certification: Certification will be evaluated on an acceptable/unacceptable basis to ensure compliance with applicable industry standards and manufacturer qualifications necessary for providing Fire Damper Inventory and Testing services. (End of Provision) Award will be made to the responsible vendor whose quotation is determined to be technically acceptable and offers the lowest evaluated price to the Government ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (a)Â North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard.Â The NAICS code(s) and small business size standard(s) for thisÂ acquisitionÂ appear elsewhere in theÂ Request for Quote (RFQ). However, the small business size standard for a concern that submits anÂ quote, other than on aÂ constructionÂ or serviceÂ acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or produce is 500 employees, or 150 employees forÂ information technologyÂ value-added resellers under NAICS code 541519, if theÂ acquisition (1) Is set aside for small business and has a value above theÂ simplified acquisition threshold; (2) Uses theÂ HUBZoneÂ price evaluation preference regardless of dollar value, unless theÂ offerorÂ waives the price evaluation preference; or (3) Is an 8(a),Â HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, economically disadvantaged women-owned, or women-owned small business set-aside or sole-source award regardless of dollar value. (b)Â Submission ofÂ Quotes. Submit signed and datedÂ quotesÂ to the office specified in thisÂ Request for Quote (RFQ)Â at or before the exact time specified in thisÂ solicitation.Â QuotesÂ mayÂ be submitted on letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in theÂ solicitation. As a minimum,Â quotesÂ mustÂ show (1)Â TheÂ solicitationÂ number. (2)Â The time specified in theÂ solicitationÂ for receipt ofÂ quotations; (3)Â The name, address, and telephone number of theÂ quoter; (4)Â A technical description of the items being quoted in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in theÂ solicitation. ThisÂ mayÂ include product literature, or other documents, if necessary; (5)Â Terms of any expressÂ warranty; (6)Â Price and any discount terms; (7)Â "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address; (8)Â A completed copy of the representations and certifications at FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation (FAR)Â 52.212-3Â (see FARÂ 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that theÂ offerorÂ shallÂ complete electronically); (9)Â Acknowledgment ofÂ QuotationÂ Amendments; (10)Â Past performanceÂ information will not be considered in simplified acquisition procurements. (11)Â Quotes should include a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in theÂ solicitation.Â QuotesÂ that fail to furnish required representations, or information, or reject the terms and conditions of theÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be excluded from consideration. (c)Â Period for acceptance ofÂ Quotes. TheÂ offerorÂ agrees to hold the prices in itsÂ offerÂ firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt ofÂ quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to theÂ solicitation. (d)Â Product samples. When required by theÂ solicitation, product samplesÂ shallÂ be submitted at or prior to the time specified for receipt ofÂ quotes. Unless otherwise specified in thisÂ solicitation, these samplesÂ shallÂ be submitted at no expense to the Government, and returned at the sender s request and expense, unless they are destroyed during preaward testing. (e)Â MultipleÂ Quotes.Â QuotersÂ are encouraged to submit multipleÂ quotesÂ presenting alternative terms and conditions, including alternativeÂ line itemsÂ (provided that the alternativeÂ line itemsÂ are consistent with FARÂ subpartÂ 4.10), or alternativeÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial servicesÂ for satisfying the requirements of thisÂ solicitation. EachÂ quoteÂ submitted will be evaluated separately. (f)Â Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals ofÂ quotes. (1)Â QuotersÂ are responsible for submittingÂ quotes, and any modifications, revisions, or withdrawals, so as to reach the Government office designated in theÂ solicitationÂ by the time specified in theÂ solicitation. If no time is specified in theÂ solicitation, the time for receipt is 4:30 p.m., local time, for the designated Government office on the date thatÂ quotesÂ or revisions are due. (2) AnyÂ quoteÂ received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ is "late" and may not be considered unless it is received before purchase order issuance and theÂ Contracting OfficerÂ determines that accepting the lateÂ quoteÂ would not unduly delay theÂ acquisition. (3)Â If anÂ emergencyÂ or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so thatÂ quotesÂ cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ by the exact time specified in theÂ Request for Quote, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of theÂ solicitationÂ or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ will be deemed to be extended to the same time ofÂ dayÂ specified in theÂ solicitationÂ on the first workÂ dayÂ on which normal Government processes resume. (g)Â Issuance of Purchase Order. The Government may issue a purchase order to one or more quoters as identified in the Request for Quote (RFQ). Therefore, theÂ quoter s initialÂ quoteÂ shouldÂ contain the best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government may reject any or all quotes if such action is in the public s best interest. In addition, the Contracting Officer (CO) may issue a purchase order to other than the quoter with the lowest quoted price. (h)Â Multiple awards. The GovernmentÂ mayÂ accept issue a purchase order for any item or group of items of a quotation, unless theÂ quoterÂ qualifies theÂ quotationÂ by specific limitations. Unless otherwise provided in the quotation,Â offersÂ mayÂ not be submitted for quantities less than those specified in the RFQ. The Government reserves the right to issue a purchase order for a quantity less than the quantity quoted, at the unit prices quoted, unless theÂ quoterÂ specifies otherwise in theÂ quote. (i)Â Availability of requirements documents cited in theÂ solicitation. (1) (i)Â The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101 29, and copies of Federal specifications, standards, and product descriptions can be downloaded from the ASSIST website atÂ https://assist.dla.mil. (ii)Â If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued thisÂ solicitation, a copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in thisÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be obtained from the address in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision. (2)Â Most unclassified Defense specifications and standardsÂ mayÂ be downloaded from the ASSIST website atÂ https://assist.dla.mil. (3)Â Defense documents not available from the ASSIST websiteÂ mayÂ be requested from the Defense Standardization Program Office by (i)Â Using the ASSIST feedback module (Â https://assist.dla.mil/ feedback); or (ii)Â Contacting the Defense Standardization Program Office by telephone at 571 767 6688 or email atÂ assisthelp@dla.mil. (4)Â Nongovernment (voluntary) standardsÂ mustÂ be obtained from the organization responsible for their preparation, publication, or maintenance. (j)Â Unique entity identifier.(Applies to allÂ quotesÂ that exceed theÂ micro-purchase threshold, andÂ quotesÂ at or below theÂ micro-purchase thresholdÂ if theÂ Request for Quote (RFQ)Â requires the Contractor to beÂ registered in the System for Award Management (SAM).) TheÂ quoterÂ shallÂ enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of itsÂ offer, the annotation "Unique Entity Identifier" followed by theÂ unique entity identifierÂ that identifies theÂ Quoter's name and address. TheÂ QuoterÂ alsoÂ shallÂ enter itsÂ Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a four-character suffix to theÂ unique entity identifier. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of theÂ QuoterÂ to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FARÂ subpartÂ 32.11) for the same entity. If theÂ QuoterÂ does not have aÂ unique entity identifier, itÂ shouldÂ contact the entity designated atÂ www.sam.govÂ forÂ unique entity identifierÂ establishment directly to obtain one. TheÂ QuoterÂ shouldÂ indicate that it is anÂ planning to submit a quoteÂ for a Government Request for Quote (RFQ) when contacting the entity designated atÂ www.sam.govÂ for establishing theÂ unique entity identifier. (k)Â [Reserved] (l)Â Notification. The CO will not notify unsuccessful quoters that responded to this Request for Quotation (RFQ). (End of provision)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kenya R Mitchell
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov
  - Phone: 860-666-6951

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3f7c05cd14ac41ce87fa3b27cbd99c6a/view)