---
layout: default
title: CIRCUIT BREAKER
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 9a6645e36e0a48e5a3f001f2dd04d87b
---

# CIRCUIT BREAKER

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 17:12:43.149-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QKC89

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|ISO9001| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report||TBD|SPRMM1|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|x|x|x|||x|||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| 1. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 2. Drawings or technical data are not available for this item. 3. Delivery days_________aro. 4. Offer valid for _____ days. 5. When submitting quotes via Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), make sure you specify any exceptions (i.e. Mil specs/standards, packaging, Inspection & Acceptance (I&A), packaging houses etc) or follow up with a hardcopy of the exceptions. If nothing is indicated or received, award will be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award will have consideration costs deducted on modifications. 6. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you MUST state who the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) is ?Commercial and Government Entity Code (CAGE) code? and the part number you are offering. 7. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. ____________________________________________________________ 8. It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP Weapon System Support (WSS) Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Weapons Support Mechanicsburg and posted on Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Electronic Data Access (EDA). To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUPWSS code 025, procurement systems design and contract support division Via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpdesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and Point-of-Contact (POC) with phone number and email address. 9. Contractors can view their orders, contracts and modifications at the EDA web tool. This web tool is located at the PIEE website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA at https://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Quotation will require electronic submittal of Invoice and Receiving Report (COMBO) through PIEE-WAWF. 10. The following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement: E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) 11. INSPECTION OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ INSPECTION OF PACKAGING AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ 12. Provide Quantity Breaks with your quote. An example is provided below, as each OEM has their own quantity price breaks: QTY 1-5 EA $______ Qty 6-9 EA $______ Qty 10-19 EA $______ Qty 20-29 EA $______ Qty 30-39 EA $______ Qty 40+ $______ 13. UCF SECTION F PRODUCTION FACILITY CHANGES (a) The performance of any of the work contracted for in any place other than that named in the contract is prohibited unless specifically approved by the Contracting Officer. Written requests for a change in production facilities must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer. Changes in productionfacilities may be approved, provided: (1) Performance by small business or in labor surplus areas as required by the contract will not be changed; (2) The change will not cause a delay in delivery or necessitate a change in the purchase description; (3) The free on board (f.o.b.) point is not changed; and (4) Each request is supported by a price reduction of $250.00 to cover the Government's administrative costs to process the change. (b) The Government reserves the right to deny approval even if these four elements are met. Award evaluations will be made using the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) criteria per DFARS 215.101-2-70(a)(1)(i). This procurement requires Higher Level Inspection. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the CIRCUIT BREAKER . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |M |051202|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Distributors must obtain item directly from the OEM.;

3.2 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The CIRCUIT BREAKER furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;89946 1230C83G04 5V049 1230C83G04 (AUTH DISTR FOR 89946) 4N509 1230C83G04 (AUTH DISTR FOR 89946)02750 02750 1230C83G04 (AUTH DISTR FOR 89946);

3.3 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.4 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the SPCC Contracting Officer has been notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, or a detailed description of the change, explaining the reason therefore. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings inthe form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE/MINOR DESIGN CHANGE - If the Manufacturer's Part Number or item design indicated thereon has changed, but form, fit and function of the item is not affected thereby, and the design change meets the criteria for minor, by not effecting form, fit, function, reliability or safety , supply the item and advise SPCC immediately of the new part number, furnishing a detail drawing and/or a detailed description of the change, as applicable. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.5 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208.

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies.

4.5 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order shall provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with MIL-I-45208 or ISO 9001:2000 (except as amplified or modified herein) with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662 or ISO 10012 or ANSI-Z540.1. A quality system in accordance with ISO 9001:94 or ISO 9002:94 is an acceptable alternate. 4.5.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 4.5.2 The Contractor's quality system shall be documented and shall be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor shall, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 4.5.3 All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at NAVICP-Mech may request the PCO waive this requirement. 4.5.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. 4.5.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption.

4.6 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor shall maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records shall indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. 4.6.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment shall be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel shall be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 4.6.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract shall be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes shall be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative.

4.7 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured/performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents shall be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately."

4.8 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor shall develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 4.8.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 4.8.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 4.8.3 Verification of material quality received. 4.8.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during shipment. 4.8.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 4.8.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 4.8.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier shall determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 4.8.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property shall be maintained. 4.8.9 Material returned to the contractor shall be handled as GFM.

4.9 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certificationtest report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. Materials requiring Traceability and Certification Data are identified within Paragraph 3, Section C of this contract/purchase order. 4.9.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020 and elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. 4.9.2 The Contractor shall develop written procedures that implement the material control requirements stated herein, within DI-MISC-81020, and elsewhere in this contract/purchase order.

4.10 Material Traceability - Material traceability codes shall be permanently applied to the material and annotated on test reports for each individual heat/heat treatment of material supplied. Where heat traceability is not possible due to manufacturing processes (e.g. continuous pour operations), lot traceability shall be provided as defined in the applicable material specification and, when applicable, as further defined in the contract/purchase order. Traceability marking shall either be heat/lot number, a unique vendor traceability number/code, or a combination thereof to maintain complete traceability to certification OQE. Traceability shall be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 4.10.1 Procurement/Receipt Inspections - Purchase orders for raw material shall specify that the material be traceable to material certification test reports by traceability codes that are marked on the material and identified on the test reports. The certification data requirements contained in DI-MISC-81020 shall be invoked by the prime contractor on all subcontractors supplying Level I material. 4.10.2 Receiving Inspection shall include as a minimum - Verification that the traceability number marked on the material agrees with that on the certification test reports. Verification that certification test reports are legible and complete. Verification that the contents of the certification test reports are in compliance with the contractually invoked specifications and requirements.

4.11 Material Handling - All raw materials shall be marked with a unique traceability number (except as specified below). 4.11.1 Stored raw materials requiring traceability shall be segregated to preclude intermingling with materials not requiring traceability. 4.11.2 When traceability markings will be removed by a manufacturing or fabrication process, the marking shall be recorded prior to removal and be immediately restored upon completion of the process. If this cannot be done or is impractical, an appropriate material control procedure (such as a bag and tag, tagging, and/or tote box control) must be employed. The material control procedure must provide a method of positive control to preclude commingling of heats or loss of traceability. The traceability marking shall be reapplied upon completion of the final manufacturing process. 4.11.3 Brazing or weld filler metals for strength welds forming or integral with pressure containing components or assemblies requiring traceability shall be verified to be the correct material, and type or grade, as applicable, prior to consumption. At a minimum, material verification shall consist of inspection of material test reports for conformance to specified requirements. Control of welding and brazing filler metals shall be maintained to the point of consumption to assure use of the correct type and grade. Markings and traceability requirements do not apply to brazing and weld filler metals after consumption. It is the responsibility of the prime contractor to ensure conformance with the above requirements on welds performed by their subcontractors. 4.11.4 The material control process shall include requirements for the maintenance of traceability for items sent out for subcontracted operations. If such operations would remove traceability markings, purchase or work orders shall specify a method and marking location for remarking. The contractor shall also ensure that subcontractor production controls are adequate to preclude commingling of materials during processing. 4.11.5 For material produced by batch, continuous cast, or continuous pour processes, samples shall be taken no less that once in every eight hours of operation for the purpose of validating proper chemical composition and mechanical properties.

4.12 Final Inspection - The following inspection shall be performed prior to shipping material. 4.12.1 Material shall be inspected for form, fit, and function in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. In the absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection shall be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size) with lot acceptance based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. Due to the high consumer risk associated with small sample sizes, the minimum sample size shall be eight units (for lot sizes of fifty or less) or one hundred percent (for lot sizes of eight or less). 4.12.2 The Manufacturer may elect to use Statistical Process Control (SPC) to assure product quality in lieu of the above attribute sampling plan, provided that the SPC methodology/system used provides acceptable products to the Government. However, the Government/Navy Receipt Inspection Activity may perform their acceptance inspection of the material using the attribute sampling plan outlined above. 4.12.3 All data concerning material verification (chemical and mechanical properties), traceability (material certifications to material marking), and nondestructive test (NDT) certifications for material shall be 100% inspected. The certification test reports shall also be 100% inspected for completeness and legibility. 4.12.4 All metallic material shall be 100% inspected for traceability marking and that the marking is legible.

4.13 Material Certification - In addition to the certification data requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020, the following material certification requriements apply: 4.13.1 Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis of material traceable to heat identification is required. Material certification test reports shall include the class, form, condition, grade, type, finish, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied. 4.13.2 Re-identificaiton and re-certification of material is required when thematerial is subjected to a process which alters it's properties. If the starting material or raw stock is processed in a manner that will not affect it's chemical composition or mechanical properties, the original certifications for the chemical composition and mechanical properties, as required by the material specification, are acceptable. Recertification of the chemical or mechanical properties is required if a process is used during fabrication that alters the original properties of the material (e.g. alloying, heat treating, or forming). In these instances, the properties of the material must be redetermined and documented to reflect the altered condition. The altered material shall be uniquely reidentified. The properties thus determined and documented, are required for final certification and shall conform to the material specification or the contract/purchase order requirements. When only the mechanical properties are altered, the original certification for chemical composition shall be overstamped and/or annotated with the unique traceability marking used with the altered material as shown below. TRACEABILITY NUMBER ________________________________________________ (marking on finished item) IS FABRICATED FROM RAW MATAERIAL IDENTIFIED TO HEAT NUMBER ________________ AND HEAT TREAT NUMBER ________________________ (when applicable) _________________________________________ DATE _____________________ (name and signature of auth. co. rep.) 4.13.3 Material certification data forwarded by the manufacturer shall contain a signed certification that the report results represent the actual attributes of the material furnished and indicate full compliance with all applicable specification and contract requirements. Transcription of certification data is prohibited. 4.13.4 Statements on material certification documents must be positive and unqualified. Disclaimers such as "to the best of our knowledge" or "we believe the information contained herein is true" are not acceptable. NOTE: If material is received without the required certification papers, the material will be rejected.

4.14 Material Marking for Traceability and Identification - The following are the minimum marking requirements. Additional/alternate marking requirements, if applicable, will be specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. In addition to the marking requirements on applicable drawings and/or specifications, marking with a traceability code is required. All traceability marking shall be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792 (except as specified below). An alternate marking method is permissible provided it is an available option in the contractually invoked specification or drawing, except in instances where the material has been modified by this contract/purchase order and differs from that specified in the specification or drawing. 4.14.1 Permanent markings are not required for welding and brazing joints. 4.14.2 Traceability markings for items with precision machined or plated surfaces, or material with suitable marking surface areas less than 3/8 inches square (either 3/8" x 3/8" or an area equal to 0.1406 inches square) shall be applied to a durable tag and the tag securely affixed to the material. 4.14.3 Marking shall be legible and shall be located so as to not affect the form, fit, and function of the material. ; ; 4.14.4 Traceability markings shall be maintained through assembly, and whenever possible shall be visible after assembly. For items where the marking is not visible after assembly, a durable tag shall be securely attacahed to the item identifying the part number, piece number, traceability number, and the location of the permanent mark. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins ...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: CERRILL.MCMEEKIN@DLA.MIL
  - Email: CERRILL.MCMEEKIN@DLA.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9a6645e36e0a48e5a3f001f2dd04d87b/view)