---
layout: default
title: Advanced Propulsion Acquisition Contract (APAC) IDIQ
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 83a1f2009dbc41cabf4ba51788ce0820
---

# Advanced Propulsion Acquisition Contract (APAC) IDIQ

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 10:37:16.736-04
- Solicitation Number: FA862626RB002

## Summary

**Update 4/17/26 - RFP Amendment 1** A correction to the cover page of the Section L attachment was updated to reflect the correct title. No other changes have been made to this document. **Update 4/16/26 - RFP Amendment 1** The United States Government is issuing a solicitation amendment to the APAC IDIQ for all vendors. The purpose of this action is to give vendors the opportunity to resubmit a proposal due to ambiguity within the requirements. Specifically, these updates were made within the Sections L and M documents. One point of clarification is the total page count for the Volume II. The page count limitation for Volume II shall be 7 pages total for Sections 1 and 2. The SBPCD Fillable form (Attachment #7) shall be included in its entirety and it will not count towards the total page count. All fillable portions of the form shall be completed by the Offeror. Other than the fillable fields, completed by the Offeror, the form shall not be tailored or modified in any way. Finally, clarifying potential contradictory language within Section M. The language in Section M, Section 1, Paragraph 2, is amended to change the 'may' statement to a 'shall' to align with. language in Section M, Section 2.1.2. Any resubmission will supersede the original submitted proposal for consideration under this Request for Proposal. Therefore, any vendor who resubmits their proposal in light of this clarification must resubmit the entirety of their proposal, to include all volumes and/or attachments as described in Section L, for consideration. Not responding to this amendment will not disqualify an Offeror from consideration for the APAC IDIQ. All offerors shall submit in accordance with the solicitation. The Government will continue to receive proposals until the date and time expressed in Section L. All questions must be submitted to the government by 20 Apr 2026 at 1600 EST. **Update 4/7/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 7 Apr 26 AMENDED) with responses to the questions submitted. There was an amendment to Question and Answer 1 regarding the CMMC answer. The previous file has been hidden to prevent confusion. **Update 4/7/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 7 Apr 26) with responses to the questions submitted. **Update 4/2/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded a more accessable copy of the solicitation document (SF33). No updates were made to this form outside of accesibility. **Update 4/1/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 1 Apr 26) with responses to the questions submitted. Additionally, an editable copy of the solicitation document (SF33) has been uploaded in response to industry comments on the previously locked verison. No updates were made to this form outside of removing the password protection to allow for industry response. **Update 3/27/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 27 Mar 26) with responses to the questions submitted. **Update 3/19/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 19 Mar 26) with responses to the questions submitted.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tanner Alley
  - Email: tanner.alley@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Capt Caelan Campbell
  - Email: caelan.campbell.1@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: updated to reflect the correct title. No other changes have been made to this document. **Update 4/16/26 - RFP Amendment 1** The United States Government is issuing a solicitation amendment to the APAC IDIQ for all vendors. The purpose of this action is to give vendors the opportunity to resubmit a proposal due to ambiguity within the requirements. Specifically, these updates were made within the Sections L and M documents. One point of clarification is the total page count for the Volume II. The page count limitation for Volume II shall be 7 pages total for Sections 1 and 2. The SBPCD Fillable form (Attachment #7) shall be included in its entirety and it will not count towards the total page count. All fillable portions of the form shall be completed by the Offeror. Other than the fillable fields, completed by the Offeror, the form shall not be tailored or modified in any way. Finally, clarifying potential contradictory language within Section M. The language in Section M, Section 1, Paragraph 2, is amended to change the "may" statement to a "shall" to align with. language in Section M, Section 2.1.2. Any resubmission will supersede the original submitted proposal for consideration under this Request for Proposal. Therefore, any vendor who resubmits their proposal in light of this clarification must resubmit the entirety of their proposal, to include all volumes and/or attachments as described in Section L, for consideration. Not responding to this amendment will not disqualify an Offeror from consideration for the APAC IDIQ. All offerors shall submit in accordance with the solicitation. The Government will continue to receive proposals until the date and time expressed in Section L. All questions must be submitted to the government by 20 Apr 2026 at 1600 EST. **Update 4/7/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 7 Apr 26 AMENDED) with responses to the questions submitted. There was an amendment to Question and Answer 1 regarding the CMMC answer. The previous file has been hidden to prevent confusion. **Update 4/7/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 7 Apr 26) with responses to the questions submitted. **Update 4/2/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded a more accessable copy of the solicitation document (SF33). No updates were made to this form outside of accesibility. **Update 4/1/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 1 Apr 26) with responses to the questions submitted. Additionally, an editable copy of the solicitation document (SF33) has been uploaded in response to industry comments on the previously locked verison. No updates were made to this form outside of removing the password protection to allow for industry response. **Update 3/27/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 27 Mar 26) with responses to the questions submitted. **Update 3/19/26 - Uploaded Responses to Industry attachment** Uploaded an attachment (Responses to Industry Questions 19 Mar 26) with responses to the questions submitted

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/83a1f2009dbc41cabf4ba51788ce0820/view)