---
layout: default
title: J041--Steam Pressure Valve Regulator Replacement| MA
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 825b1629f17f4598a1cfa24d81256122
---

# J041--Steam Pressure Valve Regulator Replacement| MA

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 15:13:28.612-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0311
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)/SOURCES SOUGHT DISCLAIMER 1. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. 2. The submission of pricing, capabilities for planning purposes, and other market information is highly encouraged and allowed under this RFI In Accordance With (IAW) FAR Part 15.201(e). SOURCES SOUGHT DESCRIPTION: Boiler Plant Upgrades 3. This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is an RFI/sources sought only. The purpose of this sources sought/RFI is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 238220. Responses to this sources sought will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After reviewing the responses to this sources sought, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this sources sought synopsis are not considered adequate responses for a solicitation announcement. 4. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 15 Network Contracting Office, is seeking sources that can provide the following: The Contractor shall provide the Marion Veterans Affairs Medical Center (VAMC) has a central boiler plant to provide steam for heating and air conditioning, domestic hot water, kitchens, and sterilization. Boiler plant safety, reliability, efficiency, and equipment longevity are paramount concerns of VAMC management. Boilers are extremely dangerous if not maintained properly. The new version 8th edition of the VHA Boiler Plant Safety Device Testing Manual and the VHA Cast Iron Survey/Directive has new requirements to replace malleable iron and cast-iron steam piping and fittings with cast steel or forge steel. We have a failure in the operation of our upper main steam pressure regulator. This Statement of Work (SOW) for this contract is for the replacement of our upper main steam pressure regulator, which is malfunctioning. The requirement to replace this regulator is critical as we must rely on the backup regulator to supply steam utilities to the hospital. Per VHA requirements, ASTM, A193 bolts must be used in the system. This contract may require a shutdown of the boiler plant and steam system. The contractor shall conduct at least one preliminary site visit prior to contract bid in order to evaluate the boiler plant pressure reducing valves arrangement, contract requirements, and site conditions. 5. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the requirement. If you are interested, and are capable of providing the sought-out services, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below. Failure to respond to all questions in this sources sought will determine the interested party as non-responsive which may affect a set-aside decision for a resulting solicitation. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: a. Please provide your UEI number. b. Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? c. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? d. Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? e. If you re an SDVOSB, VOSB or small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? f. If you are identified as a SDVOSB/VOSB or SB, identify how you intend to meet the requirements found in the limitations on subcontracting FAR or VAAR clauses. (providing 51% of the work outlined in section 4 above) g. Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA, VA NAC, NASA SEWP, or any other federal contract, that can be utilized to procure the requirement listed above? If so, please provide the contract number(s). h. Please submit your capabilities that show clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that you can meet the requirements described above. 6. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Janie.juszczak@va.gov. Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Monday, April 13, 2026, at 1600 CST. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the responses to this sources sought. Responses to this sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. VA Medical Center 2401 West Main Street Marion Illinois, 62959 Statement of Work: Boiler Plant Upgrades INTRODUCTION: The Marion Veterans Affairs Medical Center (VAMC) has a central boiler plant to provide steam for heating and air conditioning, domestic hot water, kitchens, and sterilization. Boiler plant safety, reliability, efficiency, and equipment longevity are paramount concerns of VAMC management. Boilers are extremely dangerous if not maintained properly. The new version 8th edition of the VHA Boiler Plant Safety Device Testing Manual and the VHA Cast Iron Survey/Directive have new requirements to replace malleable iron and cast-iron steam piping and fittings with cast steel or forge steel. We have a failure in the operation of our upper main steam pressure regulator. This Statement of Work (SOW) for this contract is for the replacement of our upper main steam pressure regulator, which is malfunctioning. The requirement to replace this regulator is critical as we must rely on the backup regulator to supply steam utilities to the hospital. Per VHA requirements, ASTM, A193 bolts must be used in the system. This contract may require a shutdown of the boiler plant and steam system. The contractor shall conduct at least one preliminary site visit prior to contract bid in order to evaluate the boiler plant pressure reducing valves arrangement, contract requirements, and site conditions. JOB REQUIREMENT DETAILS: 1. Replace (1) upper main steam pressure regulator valve with cast steel valves. Provide all labor and materials to install (1), 2-1/2 , 300#, Spence/Armstrong GP2000CS, type E , Cast Steel Main Valves, to include D pilot 10-100 Green regulator, pilot regulator spring, 2-1/2 cast steel bend/FTG. Kit, Flex. Gaskets. SCOPE OF WORK: The selected contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, supplies, equipment, and transportation to the Marion VAMC, as necessary to accomplish the services contained within this SOW. All testing will be as specified in VHA Directive 1810, the current VHA Boiler Safety Device Testing Manual and where not defined will be IAW good engineering and proven past practice accepted by industry standards and equipment manufacturers. Estimated Period of Performance: 5/01/26 8/1/26. Period of performance is estimated, dependent on production and delivery of valves and materials. SPECIAL WORK REQUIREMENTS PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION VERIFICATION (PIV): Only the Job Foremen shall be fully PIV registered and shall be completed 45 days after contract award. Except for initiating registration with the PIV Sponsor, personnel conducting business pursuant to this contract shall not enter VA owned or leased property without a current and valid VA issued badge. Personnel may also be subject to inspection of their personal effects, including toolboxes, lockers, vehicles, or any other container, whilst on VA owned or leased property upon request from VA Police. Contractor shall coordinate with COR for PIV badging. QUALITY OF SERVICE: All testing services shall be performed by a trained or certified person in accordance with regulations listed in this contract. TESTING REPORTS: Upon the completion of work, the contractor shall submit a complete report to the COR. The report must indicate the date the work was complete, what tests were conducted, the results of the test, and any follow-up actions required. The report must be signed, legible and submitted within 15 days after testing. All contractor laydown areas (equipment, materials, dumpsters, etc.) shall be coordinated with the Medical Center prior to work commencement. IDENTIFICATION: The Contractor s personnel shall wear either a company shirt or hat bearing the company logo. VEHICLES: All Contractor s vehicles will be locked, and keys removed while performing service on the VA property. This is intended to protect the Contractor s property and provide for the safety of the VA Medical Center s personnel. Vehicle(s) shall bear the company logo. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Information on parking is available from the VA Police. The VA will not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking violations of the contractor under any conditions. SAFETY REQUIREMENT: Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) shall be worn when work is being performed. RESTRICTIONS: Smoking is prohibited on VA grounds. Possession of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in a citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district state, or municipal court. DAMAGE: The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any government property. The Contractor shall repair any damage to the premises caused by the Contractor, its employees, or the agents. The Contractor shall hold harmless and indemnify the Government from and against any and all losses or damages resulting from the Contractor s installation, maintenance, service, removal, or operation of the equipment or any other equipment of the Contractor s except loss or damage arising from negligent or intentional act or omission of the Government. The contractor shall report any damages immediately to COR. Any damaged material (i.e., trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the Contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the government, upon approval of the CO. SCHEDULE: The Contractor shall submit, 30-days after award, the planned testing schedule. CHANGES TO STATEMENT OF WORK Any changes to this SOW shall be authorized and approved only through written correspondence from the CO. Cost incurred by the Contractor through the actions of parties other than the CO, or those specifically delegated to the COR, shall be borne by the Contractor.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Janie Juszczak
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: janie.juszczak@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1117

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/825b1629f17f4598a1cfa24d81256122/view)