---
layout: default
title: LINER,INNER
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: eb4579691f9d44278262679bc3bc57be
---

# LINER,INNER

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 11:54:22.293-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QUB52

## Summary

A. Electronic submission of any quotes, representations, and any necessary certifications shall be accomplished via an email directed to taylor.r.arroyo2.civ.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL. B. General Requirements: MIL-STD Packaging, Government Source Inspection, FOB Source, CAV Reporting. C. This RFQ is for REPAIR. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. D. Only a firm-fixed price (FFP) for the REPAIR of the subject item(s) will beaccepted. Quotes limited to test and evaluation (T&E) will NOT be accepted. The quoted price MUST be for the REPAIR of the item(s). PLEASE CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING WHEN PROVIDING PRICE: Include repair price with all costs associated with receipt and complete repairof material that may be in incomplete condition, missing hardware, damaged, handling damage, missing parts, and wear damage. E. Must adhere to IUID requirements of DFARS 252.211-7003 F. The ultimate awardee of the proposed contract action must be an authorized repair source. Award of the proposed contract action will not be delayed while an unauthorized source seeks to obtain authorization. G. The Government is requesting a Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) of 55 days after receipt of asset. Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) definition: The resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor's facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Please note freight is handled by Navy CAV or Proxy CAV as stated in NAVSUPWSSFA24 or NAVSUPWSSFA25. Throughput Constraint: Contractor must provide a throughput Constraint for eachNSN(s). Total assets to be repaired monthly after initial delivery commences: _____/month (contractor is to fill in #). A throughput of "0" (zero) per monthreflects no throughput constraint. Induction Expiration Date: 365 days after contract award date. Any asset received after this date in days is not authorized for repair without bi-lateral agreement between the Contractor and NAVSUP WSS Contracting Officer. H. IMPORTANT NOTE: Reconciliation Price Reduction: Any asset(s) for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction per unit/per month the contractor is late. However, any delay determined to be excusable (e.g. Government Delay) will not result in a price reduction. If the contractor does not meet the required RTAT due to inexcusable contractor delay, the Contracting Officer will implement the aforementioned price reduction via a "Reconciliation Modification" at the end of the contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Government's right to terminate for default. In reference to the above important note, the contractor provides the followingprice reduction amount per unit/per month the contractor does not meet the RTAT: $___________, up to a maximum of: $__________. (vendor is to fill in amount) I. Your quote MUST include the following information for justification purposes: - Repair unit price ________________ - Total price________________ - Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) _____________ days - New unit price ______________ NOTE: If you are not quoting the Government's Requested Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) or sooner, you must provide your company's capacity constraints below: ___________________________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________________________ - T&E fee/price (if asset is determined BR/BER): If an item is determined BR, and the contractor provides documentation that costs were incurred during evaluation and determination of BR/BER, the contracting officer will negotiate a reduced contract price, not-to exceed (NTE) $___________associated with the repair effort to reflect the BR status of the equipment. - The T&E fee (if asset is determined BR/BER) was determined based on: ____________________________________________________________________ ____________________________________________________________________ - Award to CAGE:________ - Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not the same as Award to CAGE: _________ - Facility/Subcontractor CAGE (where the asset should be shipped to), if not same as Award to CAGE. __________ - Facility/Subcontractor or Packaging Facility CAGE (where the asset will be shipped from), if not the same as Award to CAGE. ________ - Cost breakdown requested, including profit rate (if feasible). - Quote expiration date _______________________ (MIN of 90 Days is requested). - Delivery Vehicle (if Delivery Order requested) (if your company has a currentBOA/IDIQ, for example) Evaluation Utilizing Simplified Acquisition Procedures This requirement will utilize the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection process. The Government will evaluate proposals to determine whether they meet the minimum technical requirements outlined in the performance work statement of this solicitation. Proposals that are determined to be technically acceptable will then be evaluated based on price. The contract will be awarded to the responsible offeror whose proposal is technically acceptable and offers the lowest price. ** Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ** INSPECTION AT ORIGIN ACCEPTANCE AT ORIGIN POC EMAIL: TAYLOR.R.ARROYO2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Taylor Arroyo
  - Email: taylor.r.arroyo2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7712292149

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/eb4579691f9d44278262679bc3bc57be/view)