---
layout: default
title: Communications, Network, Engineering, Cybersecurity, and Information Technology Services (CNECTS), aka "Connects"
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: ebf7da1f5af047828ec9735c3297f212
---

# Communications, Network, Engineering, Cybersecurity, and Information Technology Services (CNECTS), aka "Connects"

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-30 08:20:48.465-04
- Solicitation Number: FA251827RCNECTS

## Summary

The Space Acquisition and Integration Office (SAIO), on behalf of the 21st Communications Squadron (21 CS) under Space Operations Command (SpOC) at Peterson SFB (PSFB), CO, is currently exploring the feasibility of consolidating several communications contracts across PSFB, Schriever SFB (SSFB), and Cheyenne Mountain Space Force Station (CMSFS). 30 March 2026 Updated: Rejection of Early White Paper Submission – CNECTS Acquisition The draft CSO and AOIs were published for reference and feedback only! Please DO NOT submit any white papers prior to the authorized submission window. The Government will only accept white papers submitted within the designated submission period. Any submission received before the official opening date or after the closing date is considered non?responsive and cannot be reviewed, evaluated, or retained. To preserve the integrity, fairness, and transparency of the competitive process, the Government strictly enforces all procedural requirements. No exceptions or waivers may be granted for early submissions. Submit white papers only after the official submission window opens, in accordance with the instructions and timelines that will be published in the solicitation. 27 March 2026 Updated: Official Release of Industry Day Materials & Request for Feedback SAIO has officially uploaded the presentation slides and supporting documents from the recent CNECTS Industry Day conference. Q&A Posting Delay: Please be advised, due to the large quantity of questions received and the need to coordinate with our mission partners, the consolidated Q&A log will be delayed. The Government anticipates posting the official Q&A document by 10 April 2026 The following materials are now available to assist our industry partners in preparing for the forthcoming solicitation. Newly available materials include: Official Industry Day Presentation Slides Draft copy of the CSO and AOI(s) Supporting solicitation documents PEDS PWS: This document has been re-added for reference, as some requirements from the PEDS program will be retained for the CNECTS acquisition Industry Day Recordings: Due to their large file size, the recordings are available upon request and will be sent through DOD SAFE. Interested parties should submit a request via email to rosalind.davis.3@spaceforce.mil. All interested parties are encouraged to review these materials thoroughly. To help us refine the final solicitation, please provide all feedback on the posted materials via the RFI link posted here: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/wEcneQjVku We appreciate the valuable engagement from industry and look forward to your participation in the CNECTS program. Please continue to monitor this channel for further updates. 04 March 2026 Updated: CNECTS Industry Day _General Session Information Due to the large number of attendees, we did not send individual notifications. Instead, a representative from each company was sent the information for Industry Day. Please note that a mass email with these details was sent out to a company representative yesterday, March 3, 2026, at 9:03 AM MST. For In-Person Attendees: No ID Required: You will not need to present an ID for entry. Company Sign-In: A sign-in sheet will be available. We ask that each company sign in once. Companies that requested two seats will have two slots. We will rely on companies to manage their own attendees. Information Card: Each company will receive a registration card to be turned in at the end of the day. This card will be used to collect contact information (Name, Email, Phone), note interest in partnering, and submit questions for the government. For Virtual Attendees (MS Teams): Recording: The entire event will be recorded. Identification: When joining the Teams meeting, please set your display name to include your Full Name and Company Name. Dial-In Participants: If you join by phone, you will be asked to self-identify. Anyone who does not self-identify will be removed from the call." 25 Feb 2026 Updated: CNECTS Request for Information (RFI) and Industry Day. The CNECTS RFI submission period has officially closed, and we are no longer accepting additional responses. We appreciate the effort and interest shown by all participants in supporting this initiative. Additionally, we regret to inform you that attendance for Industry Day has reached full capacity, and no further spots are available. Due to the overwhelming response and limited space, we are unable to accommodate any new requests. However, we remain committed to engaging with interested parties and will continue to offer one-on-one engagements upon request. If you would like to schedule a one-on-one meeting with our team, please feel free to reach out to me directly at rosalind.davis.3@spaceforce.mil, and we will make arrangements to address your questions and provide further insights. We value your engagement and encourage you to stay connected for future updates related to this effort. Thank you for your understanding and continued support. 17 Feb 2026 Updated: RFI #2 document was updated to add the reply to email address found under "Submission Instructions" paragraph. 12 Feb 2026 Updated: Seeking Industry Input for CNECTS Industry Day Agenda This is the third Request for Information (RFI) concerning the CNECTS acquisition. The Government is preparing to host an Industry Day, and this RFI is intended to make that event as productive as possible. To ensure the Industry Day directly addresses your most pressing questions, we are asking for your input now. To facilitate a focused dialogue, we ask that you submit your questions prior to the event. We request that you submit suggested discussion topics, or concerns you would like to see included on the Industry Day agenda. Your feedback is critical for structuring an event that is relevant and directly addresses the key interests of industry. When submitting, please clearly identify which questions are suitable for public discussion and which you consider proprietary. This distinction will help us formulate a comprehensive Q&A for the main session while respecting the confidentiality of your unique business concerns. In addition to the group presentation, the Government will hold a limited number of one-on-one sessions on the subsequent dates of 12th and 13th March 2026. These meetings are intended to provide a forum for more in-depth, company-specific discussions. Instructions for requesting a session are detailed in the RFI #3 attachment. Your input will help shape a productive and valuable engagement for all participants. Please submit response no later than 23 February 2026 as stated in the RFI #3 attachment. 23 Jan 26 Update: This acquisition posting has been updated with the following changes: a. PEDS PWS has been removed, as the workload has been absorbed by the BIMS contract. b. Added: Second Request for Information (RFI #2) has been added with a response date of February 23, 2026. c. Added: CNECTS Requirement and Legacy Contract Differences_a document outlining the differences from the legacy contract, and d. Added: Requirements Matrix for RFI #2 5 Aug 25 Update: The previous attachment #1 could not be opened and has now been updated. The document name is "1. BOS IT PWS - 7 Oct 24 (2)," and has been uploaded.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rosalind Davis
  - Email: rosalind.davis.3@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 7195676183
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Austin Frindt
  - Email: austin.frindt@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 719-556-6947

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ebf7da1f5af047828ec9735c3297f212/view)