---
layout: default
title: Vertical Launching System (VLS) Launch Sequencer (LSEQ)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 5c5857dcc5084ecaba2593d497492548
---

# Vertical Launching System (VLS) Launch Sequencer (LSEQ)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-30 19:00:05.513-04
- Solicitation Number: N6339426R0005

## Summary

In accordance with FAR 5.203(a), this announcement constitutes a Formal Synopsis for the Procurement for Vertical Launching System (VLS) Launch Sequencer (LSEQ) Multiple Award Contract (MAC) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) program located at Naval Surface Warfare Center, Port Hueneme. As a result of the Sources Sought Notice for LSEQ published on November 18, 2025, the anticipated requirement will be solicited as a full and open competition. The primary North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 334519 with a Size Standard of 500 employees. This announcement also publishes a Draft Request for Proposal (RFP). All documents posted with this notice are in draft status and are subject to change. THIS IS A DRAFT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT CURRENTLY SOLICITING PROPOSALS. PARTICIPATION IS VOLUNTARY AND NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION TO THE GOVERNMENT. REQUESTS FOR A SOLICITATION WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE. This draft RFP calls for the fabrication, assembly, test, and delivery of VLS LSEQ MK 6 Mod 1 NAVSEA part number (p/n) P/N 8652144-19 and associated Lowest Replaceable Units (LRU) for MK 41 VLS. LSEQ plays a critical role in managing and controlling the sequence of events required to safely and successfully launch a missile. Contract Details: NSWC PHD anticipates two or more IDIQ contracts IDIQ contracts awarded under FAR 15 with Firm Fixed Prices (FFP). The RFI response due date is 14 April 2026. Interested parties shall address the following in their RFI submission: 1. COMPANY INFORMATION (a) Company name, address, Data Universal Number System (DUNS) number, and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code. (b) Company designated representative name(s) and point(s) of contact, including phone number and email address. (c) Company size status under the applicable NAICS (e.g., 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, Women-Owned, Large Business, etc.). 2. CAPABILITY STATEMENT Interested parties shall submit a Capability Statement that succinctly addresses the following items to demonstrate the contractor's capability to perform the requirements of the attached draft Statement of Work (SOW): (a) The contractor's ability to manage, as prime contractor, the types and magnitude of tasking in the draft SOW; (b) The contractor's technical ability, or potential approach to achieving technical ability, to perform the requirement. For Small Business set-aside determination purposes, also include the contractor's technical ability to perform, or potential approach to achieving technical ability to perform, at least 50% of the cost of the contract incurred for manufacturing the supplies, not including the cost of materials; and (c) The contractor's capacity, or potential approach to achieving capacity, to conduct the requirements of the draft SOW. For the purposes of this Capability Statement, capacity shall refer to matters such as the magnitude of the tasking, the amount of equipment or facilities involved, and the size of the staff needed. To demonstrate the contractors ability to meet the requirements of the draft SOW, contractors must: Complete Note B in Section B with their minimum and maximum capacity the contractor is able to perform. Complete Attachment J-1 based on the contractor’s capability and capacity to fulfill the requirements outlined in the SOW. (d) The contractor’s certification, or potential approach to achieving certification, for International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 2001:2015, 2008 or AS9100D. Demonstrated ability to manage, technical ability, and capacity may include citing and describing the same or similar relevant performance but does not limit the interested contractor's approach to demonstrate capability. 3. FEEDBACK/QUESTIONS Feedback and questions regarding the feasibility or challenges to perform the work described. RFI responses are limited to no more than 20 pages (8.5 X 11 inch) and 10-point Times New Roman font. Please email responses or questions regarding this requirement to the Contract Specialist, Michael Torres (michael.l.torres2.civ@us.navy.mil) with copy to the Contracting Officer, John S. Carhart (john.s.carhart.civ@us.navy.mil). NSWC PHD may request further information regarding the capabilities of respondents to meet the requirements set forth in the RFI. Respondents are responsible for properly marking and clearly identifying proprietary information or trade secrets contained within their response. The Government will not be liable for, or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information not properly marked and clearly identified. Information provided shall be treated as Business Sensitive and will not be shared outside of Government activities and agencies without the permission of the provider. This Request for Information (RFI) is in support of additional Market Research being conducted by NSWC PHD to identify potential sources that may possess the expertise, capabilities, and experience to meet the requirement. This RFI is issued for the purpose of communicating this requirement to industry. NSWC PHD intends to use information gathered from these interactions to gain awareness of capabilities, determine interested parties, and to support formulation of an acquisition strategy. Early industry involvement in creating a properly scaled enterprise solution is critical to the success of this contemplated acquisitions, with the goal of providing NSWC PHD and its customers superior and cost-effective support. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. REQUESTS FOR A SOLICITATION WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Torres
  - Email: michael.l.torres2.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: John Carhart
  - Email: john.s.carhart.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -1 based on the contractor’s capability and capacity to fulfill the requirements outlined in the SOW. (d) The contractor’s certification, or potential approach to achieving certification, for International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 2001:2015, 2008 or AS9100D. Demonstrated ability to manage, technical ability, and capacity may include citing and describing the same or similar relevant performance but does not limit the interested contractor"s approach to demonstrate capability. 3. FEEDBACK/QUESTIONS Feedback and questions regarding the feasibility or challenges to perform the work described. RFI responses are limited to no more than 20 pages (8.5 X 11 inch) and 10-point Times New Roman font. Please email responses or questions regarding this requirement to the Contract Specialist, Michael Torres (michael.l.torres2.civ@us.navy.mil) with copy to the Contracting Officer, John S. Carhart (john.s.carhart.civ@us.navy.mil). NSWC PHD may request further information regarding the capabilities of respondents to meet the requirements set forth in the RFI. Respondents are responsible for properly marking and clearly identifying proprietary information or trade secrets contained within their response. The Government will not be liable for, or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information not properly marked and clearly identified. Information provided shall be treated as Business Sensitive and will not be shared outside of Government activities and agencies without the permission of the provider. This Request for Information (RFI) is in support of additional Market Research being conducted by NSWC PHD to identify potential sources that may possess the expertise, capabilities, and experience to meet the requirement. This RFI is issued for the purpose of communicating this requirement to industry. NSWC PHD intends to use information gathered from these interactions to gain awareness of capabilities, determine interested parties, and to support formulation of an acquisition strategy. Early industry involvement in creating a properly scaled enterprise solution is critical to the success of this contemplated acquisitions, with the goal of providing NSWC PHD and its customers superior and cost-effective support. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. REQUESTS FOR A SOLICITATION WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5c5857dcc5084ecaba2593d497492548/view)