---
layout: default
title: Engine Water Wash Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: ca6c01e808784c08a5caba34058d79b4
---

# Engine Water Wash Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 14:52:33.544-04
- Solicitation Number: FA862626RB001

## Summary

3 April Update: The solicitation has been amended to extend the proposal due date from 10 April 2026 to 17 April 2026. The following documents have been created and attached: 1.) Solicitation amendment FA862626RB00100001 2.) Vendor Solicitation Questions with Government Responses (Engine Water Wash Solicitation Q_A_2_April_2026) Additionally, the following documents have been updated and are attached: 1.) Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement dated 2 April 2026 2.) Exhibit A: Contract Data Requirements List Package dated 3 April 2026 3.) Addendum 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 (Sections L&M) dated 2 April 2026. 17 March 2026 Update: Vendor question submission due date extended from 18 March 2026 to 25 March 2026. Requestion for Proposal: Engine Water Wash services. AFLCMC/LPZ (Propulsion Integration Division) has a requirement for Engine Water Wash (EWW) services. The acquisition is full and open competition under NAICS code 488190. The contract will provide engine water wash support for the following jet engines (respective aircraft listed as well): - F108-CF-100/201 (KC-135R/T) - F138-GE-100 (C-5M) - TF33-P-103 (B-52H) - TF33- P-100A (E-3B/G) - F139-PW-100 (KC-46A) The EWW contract will be a Firm Fixed-Price (FFP), single-award Indefinite-Delivery Indefinite-Quantity contract with a one-year base period, and four (4) one-year option periods, totaling five (5) potential contract years. The period of performance is expected to be 20 June 2026 - 19 June 2031 (including option years). Engine washes will occur at approximately 33 CONUS locations. Washes are expected to occur at multiple locations simultaneously as these locations comply with interval-based scheduling. There are approximately 700 engines annually that require engine wash services (See Attachment 2: Estimated Engine Wash Requirements Document for more information). The relevant solicitation documents, including the Performance Work Statement (PWS), Estimated Wash Requirements Document, Safety Specification, Small Business Commitment Document, Pricing Matrix, Applicable Wage Determination, Contract Data Requirements List (CDRLs), and Instructions to Offerors & Evaluation Factors for Award are attached. It is up to the interested party to review this site frequently for any updates/amendments to any and all documents; as well as verifying the number of amendments issued prior to the due date for proposals. Any interested party may submit a proposal which will be considered by this organization. Proposals must be submitted by 10 April 2026 at 5:00pm EST to be considered for award. All prospective offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award of contract with any DoD agency. Registration may be accomplished at https://www.SAM.gov. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract, nor does it obligate the Government to pay for any proposal preparation cost. The Government reserves the right to cancel the solicitation either before or after the solicitation closing date. Address any questions to the attention of Contract Specialist, Kayla Corsi, kayla.corsi@us.af.mil, and Contracting Officer, Laura Burnette, laura.burnette@us.af.mil. Solicitation questions will only be accepted, in writing via email, and they shall be submitted by no later than 25 March 2026 to allow appropriate time for the Government to respond. All answers are targeted to be posted by 27 March 2026 to https://www.SAM.gov for all interested parties to review.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kayla Corsi
  - Email: kayla.corsi@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Laura Burnette
  - Email: laura.burnette@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement dated 2 April 2026 2.) Exhibit A: Contract Data Requirements List Package dated 3 April 2026 3.) Addendum 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 (Sections L&M) dated 2 April 2026. 17 March 2026 Update: Vendor question submission due date extended from 18 March 2026 to 25 March 2026. Requestion for Proposal: Engine Water Wash services. AFLCMC/LPZ (Propulsion Integration Division) has a requirement for Engine Water Wash (EWW) services. The acquisition is full and open competition under NAICS code 488190. The contract will provide engine water wash support for the following jet engines (respective aircraft listed as well): - F108-CF-100/201 (KC-135R/T) - F138-GE-100 (C-5M) - TF33-P-103 (B-52H) - TF33- P-100A (E-3B/G) - F139-PW-100 (KC-46A) The EWW contract will be a Firm Fixed-Price (FFP), single-award Indefinite-Delivery Indefinite-Quantity contract with a one-year base period, and four (4) one-year option periods, totaling five (5) potential contract years. The period of performance is expected to be 20 June 2026 - 19 June 2031 (including option years). Engine washes will occur at approximately 33 CONUS locations. Washes are expected to occur at multiple locations simultaneously as these locations comply with interval-based scheduling. There are approximately 700 engines annually that require engine wash services (See Attachment 2: Estimated Engine Wash Requirements Document for more information). The relevant solicitation documents, including the Performance Work Statement (PWS), Estimated Wash Requirements Document, Safety Specification, Small Business Commitment Document, Pricing Matrix, Applicable Wage Determination, Contract Data Requirements List (CDRLs), and Instructions to Offerors & Evaluation Factors for Award are attached. It is up to the interested party to review this site frequently for any updates/amendments to any and all documents; as well as verifying the number of amendments issued prior to the due date for proposals. Any interested party may submit a proposal which will be considered by this organization. Proposals must be submitted by 10 April 2026 at 5:00pm EST to be considered for award. All prospective offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award of contract with any DoD agency. Registration may be accomplished at https://www.SAM.gov. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract, nor does it obligate the Government to pay for any proposal preparation cost. The Government reserves the right to cancel the solicitation either before or after the solicitation closing date. Address any questions to the attention of Contract Specialist, Kayla Corsi, kayla.corsi@us.af.mil, and Contracting Officer, Laura Burnette, laura.burnette@us.af.mil. Solicitation questions will only be accepted, in writing via email, and they shall be submitted by no later than 25 March 2026 to allow appropriate time for the Government to respond. All answers are targeted to be posted by 27 March 2026 to https://www.SAM.gov for all interested parties to review

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ca6c01e808784c08a5caba34058d79b4/view)