---
layout: default
title: VAARNG 116th ISV Cargo Carriers
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ab6276df012c4a1682dc4cd547233817
---

# VAARNG 116th ISV Cargo Carriers

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 15:50:39.019-04
- Solicitation Number: W912LQ26QA020

## Summary

General Information This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Virginia National Guard (VaNG) intends to issue a Purchase Order as defined in the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul Subpart 12.201-1(e)(3). The objective of this contract requirement is to procure hitch-mounted cargo platforms for the Virginia Army National Guard (VAARNG) 116th Mobile Brigade Combat Team (MBCT). This solicitation is issued as a 100% small business set-aside under NAISC Code, 336390 Other Motor Vehicles Manufacturing with a small business size standard of 1,000 employees. The government will not pay for the cost associated with the preparation of a quote in response to this combined synopsis/solicitation. The Government is obligated only to extent of authorized purchases actually made under this purchase order. The Government intends to make award without conducting discussions. However, the Contracting Officer reserves the right to conduct discussion if determined necessary. Interested vendors agree to hold prices firm for 60 days after the date of submission. Communications with the Government Questions: Submit written questions via email ONLY to contract specialist Wesley Spencer at wesley.spencerjr2.civ@army.mil No Phone Calls will be accepted. Questions shall be submitted by March 12, 2026, no later than 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) Administrative Information Contracting Specialist/Officer: Wesley Spencer; wesley.spencejrr2.civ@army.mil Instructions to Offers The solicitation number and title, W912LQ26QA020 VAARNG Cargo Platforms, shall be identified in the subject line for the email response. Complete information sheet. Will be included as an attachment to this posting. Provide Product Description and Specification Completed Representation and Certification (or statement confirming all representation and certifications have been completed at sam.gov and are current and accurate). Past Performance: submit no more than 3 past performance references to include the contract number and POC information. Past Performance shall be relevant with the past 24 months from issuance of this solicitation. Evaluation Basis for Award: The government intends to award the responsive, responsible vendor whose quote is the lowest priced and meets the requirement as stated in the SOO for item requested. Multiple awards may be considered, only if it is in the best interest of the Government. To be considered for award, vendors shall have an active registration in the System for Award management at https//sam.gov. Vendors are responsible for ensuring their representation, and certification in their SAM registration are accurate and current. Addendum to FAR 52.212-2 Basis for Award BPAs will be issued to the responsive, responsible offeror(s) whose proposal demonstrates the capability to meet the statement of objectives (capability), demonstrates relevant and recent satisfactory or better past performance (past performance), and whose prices can be determined fair and reasonable (price). For purposes of evaluating price, all costs associated with the individual pricing schedule shall be included in the proposal. Offerors may provide an alternate pricing schedule for the government’s review and consideration provided it is clear what prices are applicable to which tasks. Vendors are to complete and submit the required submission form. NG Agency Protest Program NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or another external forum. Contract awards or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency’s Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG Protest procedures. To be timely, the protest must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@mail.mil All other agency-level protest should be sent to Contracting Officer Wesley Spencer at wesley.spencerjr2.civ@army.mil PROVISION AND CLAUSES ARE INCLUDE AS AN SEPARATE ATTACHMENT

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Wesley Spencer Jr. II
  - Email: wesley.spencerjr2.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this posting. Provide Product Description and Specification Completed Representation and Certification (or statement confirming all representation and certifications have been completed at sam.gov and are current and accurate). Past Performance: submit no more than 3 past performance references to include the contract number and POC information. Past Performance shall be relevant with the past 24 months from issuance of this solicitation. Evaluation Basis for Award: The government intends to award the responsive, responsible vendor whose quote is the lowest priced and meets the requirement as stated in the SOO for item requested. Multiple awards may be considered, only if it is in the best interest of the Government. To be considered for award, vendors shall have an active registration in the System for Award management at https//sam.gov. Vendors are responsible for ensuring their representation, and certification in their SAM registration are accurate and current. Addendum to FAR 52.212-2 Basis for Award BPAs will be issued to the responsive, responsible offeror(s) whose proposal demonstrates the capability to meet the statement of objectives (capability), demonstrates relevant and recent satisfactory or better past performance (past performance), and whose prices can be determined fair and reasonable (price). For purposes of evaluating price, all costs associated with the individual pricing schedule shall be included in the proposal. Offerors may provide an alternate pricing schedule for the government’s review and consideration provided it is clear what prices are applicable to which tasks. Vendors are to complete and submit the required submission form. NG Agency Protest Program NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or another external forum. Contract awards or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency’s Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG Protest procedures. To be timely, the protest must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@mail.mil All other agency-level protest should be sent to Contracting Officer Wesley Spencer at wesley.spencerjr2.civ@army.mil PROVISION AND CLAUSES ARE INCLUDE AS AN SEPARATE ATTACHMENT

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ab6276df012c4a1682dc4cd547233817/view)