---
layout: default
title: Senior Regional Advisor for Land, Border, Maritime Operations, and Vetted Unit Programs
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1e7be6be95dc40839efcdc5307fe1435
---

# Senior Regional Advisor for Land, Border, Maritime Operations, and Vetted Unit Programs

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 14:25:16.121-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-017-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Senior Regional Advisor for Land, Border, Maritime Operations, and Vetted Unit Programs Location: San Salvador, El Salvador Salary Level: FS-01 - $126,384 – $164,301 (Equivalent GS-15) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: March 10, 2026 Closing Date: March 17, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-017-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State SUBJECT A solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC), Department of State (DOS), Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). The United States Government (USG), represented by the DOS, seeks applications from US citizens interested in providing PSC services as described in this solicitation. PRE-AWARD ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSC (JUN 2011) This solicitation may result in the award of one or more personal services contracts as defined in FAR 2.101. Prior to contract award, all offerors or quotes must advise the cognizant Contracting Officer if they have a personal conflict of interest, such as a financial conflict, that would prevent them from either meeting the requirements of the clause entitled, “Post-Award Ethical Responsibilities of Personal Services Contractors,” or otherwise objectively performing their contractual duties upon contract award. HOW TO APPLY Offerors proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements stated in this solicitation at the place and time specified. A proposal will be determined non-responsive and ineligible for consideration unless all required documents and information are included in the submission. Offerors shall ensure their resume demonstrates their possession of the minimum qualifications outlined in this Solicitation, as well as their ability to fulfill all required duties. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by the offeror during the solicitation process. NOTE REGARDING GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS SOLICITATION This solicitation in no way obligates the Department of State to award a PSC contract, nor does it commit the Department of State to pay any cost incurred in the preparation and submission of the application. Proposals must include the following and not exceed twenty (20) pages (additional pages will not be accepted or reviewed): 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Resume 3. Evaluation Factor Responses 4. Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Note: Your resume should contain explicit information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information should be clearly identified in your resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine your qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. Additional documents submitted beyond the requirements will not be accepted or reviewed. *** ONE PDF ATTACHMENT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. INL’s Office of Western Hemisphere Programs (WHP) develops, coordinates, manages, and supervises counternarcotics and other programs to counter the impact of transnational criminal organizations (TCO) in the region, which affect the safety and security of the United States. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to fill the position of Senior Regional Advisor for Land, Border, Maritime Operations, and Vetted Unit Programs (Advisor). The Senior Regional Advisor will be based in El Salvador, a key partner of the United States and regional security leader, allowing the advisor to maintain and strengthen connections in the field. Although posted in El Salvador, the Advisor is available to provide support throughout the region as tasked by INL. The Advisor will serve as a key resource in the region to assess and advise INL Directors and INL/WHP on how to sustainably integrate INL public security programming across borders and elevate to a regional level law enforcement coordination and operations planning by national host governments and U.S. advisor-supported task forces, vetted, specialized, and trusted units. The Senior Regional Advisor will seek to build on existing capabilities of law enforcement units in the region, particularly vetted units and task forces, and establish regional networks for operational, training, and coordination purposes to improve the impact of national law enforcement forces to jointly address common regional threats to security, with a particular focus on counternarcotics. The Senior Regional Advisor will work with INL Directors, the International Law Enforcement Academy (ILEA) director, INL advisors and program officers, and INL-supported interagency personnel to plan and coordinate the implementation of assessments, guidance and reference documents, projects and operations planning designed to link national-level law enforcement actions across international borders throughout the western hemisphere. The Senior Regional Advisor will develop best practices to oversee, coordinate, and administer transnational law enforcement activities. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide expertise in the strategic planning and development of land, border, and maritime law enforcement programs with the goal of implementing and expanding transnational operations planning among existing law enforcement units, particularly but not exclusively vetted units. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide expert advice to a range of law enforcement units, in coordination with and requested by relevant INL or INL-supported personnel, to increase understanding among country teams and partner nation units of the relative and respective capacities of law enforcement units. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide recommendations to maximize the regional impact of law enforcement units. Operational objectives include, but are not limited to, counternarcotics and anti-smuggling operations planning, as well as the establishment or expansion of intelligence platforms for information sharing and best practices for regional coordination and cooperation. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide support for bilateral land, border, and maritime law enforcement programs as requested by bilateral INL programs and approved by the INL/WHP office director, including by providing temporary duty support as needed to INL offices in the region for assessments, specific reports, during acute staffing gaps or a temporary surge staffing need which may arise. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Washington, DC based INL/WHP Office Director or his/her designee, the Western Hemisphere Programs Senior Regional Advisor for Land, Border, Maritime Operations, and Vetted Unit Programs will perform the following duties: 1. Act as an internal advisor to INL/WHP leadership and INL Directors in the Western Hemisphere. Regularly consult with INL Directors, INL/WHP leadership, and other INL/WHP regional advisors to advise on the development and implementation of public security programs focusing on transnational law enforcement activities such as vetted units, specialized task forces, and maritime and land interdiction forces. 2. Develop and implement best practices in coordination with INL personnel and INL-supported interagency personnel, as well as with host government law enforcement units. 3. Make recommendations for regional approaches as needed based on the capacity and demands of law enforcement units to counter transnational crime in the region. 4. Lead the planning, coordination, and development of regional strategic plans, as requested by INL/WHP and the INL Directors in the Western Hemisphere drawing upon the existing resources and expertise of INL personnel in the region, and in coordination with other USG actors, as appropriate. Ensure inclusion of metrics and measures of progress in strategic plans. 5. Serve as the INL Senior Regional Advisor in the Western Hemisphere to coordinate the efforts of local INL Advisors to harmonize operations planning, intelligence-sharing, and joint training opportunities for law enforcement units in the region, with particular focus on cross-border activities and information sharing among similarly-mandated units (e.g., anti-gang units). 6. Track strategic and tactical information and make recommendations on the organizational and operational capacities of host nation law enforcement units, particularly with regard to their interaction with partner nation units. 7. In consultation with INL/WHP leadership and relevant INL directors, develop and maintain a plan for regional coordination opportunities that promote the sharing and replication of effective and sustainable regional best practices in land, border, and maritime law enforcement activities. 8. Support the coordination among countries of similarly-mandated units (such as anti-gang units, transnational criminal investigative units, sensitive investigative units, and maritime interdiction units) to increase intelligence sharing and opportunities for regional operations planning. 9. Provide monthly reporting to INL/WHP and relevant INL Directors on activities, achievements, challenges and next steps. Reporting shall include key metrics, as identified by INL/WHP and INL Directors. 10. Attend regional meetings as well as U.S. and international forums addressing interdiction operations and vetted and specialized units and provide summary reports for INL/WHP leadership and INL Directors. 11. When required, perform the role of Duty Officer. 12. Perform other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 3. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment to Post. 4. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness (SOAR) Training or Posting Overseas Specialized Training (POST), as available. 5. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy San Salvador, El Salvador. This position requires frequent (up to a maximum 50% of time) travel to Western Hemisphere countries and to the United States as needed. The Advisor must be willing to work in hazardous environments where exposure to verbal and physical threats from criminal elements are likely. RELATIONSHIP Although assigned to work regionally, the Senior Regional Advisor reports directly to the INL/WHP Office Director and will have close working relationships with Directors of INL sections and offices in the Western Hemisphere, ILEA, and their designees as determined by INL Directors. Due to the unique regional nature of the position, the Senior Regional Advisor will be required to coordinate with the INL Director or his/her designee upon arriving and departing a country and while in country as necessary and fulfilling all e-Country Clearance procedures and COM-approvals related to international travel. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide monthly updates to the INL/WHP Office Director in Washington, D.C., and to the respective INL office where work was performed during the month and will be required to travel to Washington periodically. The INL/WHP office will fund all costs associated with the PSC’s position through domestic PD+S. The Contracting Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. In no instance shall the INL/WHP Office Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and the conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL/WHP Office Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves planning, organizing and completing financial and organizational analysis of enormous complexity. Due to the high visibility and political sensitivity of the issues in which INL is involved, there is extreme difficulty in identifying the nature of the issues and planning, organizing, and determining the scope and depth of studies/audits to be undertaken. The PSC is expected to remain up to date with INL/WHP and INL Director leadership on all political sensitivities prior to traveling to and engagement in a country. The PSC is expected to address difficult scenarios by separating the substantive nature of the programs or issues into their components and determining the nature and magnitude of programs or issues, as well as discerning the intent of the legislation and policy statements and determining how to translate the intent into program actions. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The Senior Advisor performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative/financial program spanning the full range of citizen safety, law enforcement, rule of law, and counternarcotics programs in the Western Hemisphere, which is of significant interest to the public and to Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Top Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution. 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience as a sworn civilian law enforcement officer or as a military officer with security related duties in an organization of at least twenty-five (25) personnel and having attained a law enforcement rank equivalent to a lieutenant or a military rank equivalent to lieutenant colonel. 4. A minimum of ten (10) years of supervisory experience. 5. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience working in the area of law enforcement operations, management, and/or training. 6. Demonstrated record of accomplishment of implementing law enforcement programs in Latin America, including specific experience with police liaison activities and establishing a police presence in difficult high-crime zones/areas. 7. Demonstrated experience working with partner nation policing programs, policing tactics and theories, and management of resources. 8. Demonstrated ability to interact effectively with high-level officials (governmental and non-governmental). 9. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish at the professionally proficient level. 10. Demonstrated knowledge and experience with USG regulations, standards of conduct, and ethics. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1 Planning, Development and Operations (30 Points) Demonstrated relevant experience planning and developing law enforcement strategies, narcotics interdiction operations and crime reduction programs; ability to coordinate with host-country civilian and police officials; ability to effectively work in a multi-cultural and overseas environment; and experience deploying techniques for improved police institutions, notably violent crimes, interdiction, and anti-trafficking. Factor 2 Strategic Vision (20 Points) Demonstrated capability to serve as a role model for trying new approaches and building collaborative relationships to implement improved coordination and joint operations methodologies, especially in remote high-crime areas, and use position to influence and educate others. Demonstrated ability to emphasize and reinforce modern police philosophy vision, values, and mission among multiple organizations to support and articulate a commitment for improved policing techniques as the dominant way of doing business. Factor 3 Program Management (20 Points) Demonstrated knowledge of program management, concepts, practices, and principles to analyze and develop recommendations for program implementation and USG objectives. Ability to develop and track metrics for program evaluation. Demonstrated ability to manage resources, influence by design, and effectively collaborate to further goals, objectives, and activities. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 30 Factor #2 – 20 Factor #3 – 20 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-01 equivalent level ($126,384 – $164,301 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. INL’s Office of Western Hemisphere Programs (WHP) develops, coordinates, manages, and supervises counternarcotics and other programs to counter the impact of transnational criminal organizations (TCO) in the region, which affect the safety and security of the United States. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to fill the position of Senior Regional Advisor for Land, Border, Maritime Operations, and Vetted Unit Programs (Advisor). The Senior Regional Advisor will be based in El Salvador, a key partner of the United States and regional security leader, allowing the advisor to maintain and strengthen connections in the field. Although posted in El Salvador, the Advisor is available to provide support throughout the region as tasked by INL. The Advisor will serve as a key resource in the region to assess and advise INL Directors and INL/WHP on how to sustainably integrate INL public security programming across borders and elevate to a regional level law enforcement coordination and operations planning by national host governments and U.S. advisor-supported task forces, vetted, specialized, and trusted units. The Senior Regional Advisor will seek to build on existing capabilities of law enforcement units in the region, particularly vetted units and task forces, and establish regional networks for operational, training, and coordination purposes to improve the impact of national law enforcement forces to jointly address common regional threats to security, with a particular focus on counternarcotics. The Senior Regional Advisor will work with INL Directors, the International Law Enforcement Academy (ILEA) director, INL advisors and program officers, and INL-supported interagency personnel to plan and coordinate the implementation of assessments, guidance and reference documents, projects and operations planning designed to link national-level law enforcement actions across international borders throughout the western hemisphere. The Senior Regional Advisor will develop best practices to oversee, coordinate, and administer transnational law enforcement activities. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide expertise in the strategic planning and development of land, border, and maritime law enforcement programs with the goal of implementing and expanding transnational operations planning among existing law enforcement units, particularly but not exclusively vetted units. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide expert advice to a range of law enforcement units, in coordination with and requested by relevant INL or INL-supported personnel, to increase understanding among country teams and partner nation units of the relative and respective capacities of law enforcement units. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide recommendations to maximize the regional impact of law enforcement units. Operational objectives include, but are not limited to, counternarcotics and anti-smuggling operations planning, as well as the establishment or expansion of intelligence platforms for information sharing and best practices for regional coordination and cooperation. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide support for bilateral land, border, and maritime law enforcement programs as requested by bilateral INL programs and approved by the INL/WHP office director, including by providing temporary duty support as needed to INL offices in the region for assessments, specific reports, during acute staffing gaps or a temporary surge staffing need which may arise. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Washington, DC based INL/WHP Office Director or his/her designee, the Western Hemisphere Programs Senior Regional Advisor for Land, Border, Maritime Operations, and Vetted Unit Programs will perform the following duties: 1. Act as an internal advisor to INL/WHP leadership and INL Directors in the Western Hemisphere. Regularly consult with INL Directors, INL/WHP leadership, and other INL/WHP regional advisors to advise on the development and implementation of public security programs focusing on transnational law enforcement activities such as vetted units, specialized task forces, and maritime and land interdiction forces. 2. Develop and implement best practices in coordination with INL personnel and INL-supported interagency personnel, as well as with host government law enforcement units. 3. Make recommendations for regional approaches as needed based on the capacity and demands of law enforcement units to counter transnational crime in the region. 4. Lead the planning, coordination, and development of regional strategic plans, as requested by INL/WHP and the INL Directors in the Western Hemisphere drawing upon the existing resources and expertise of INL personnel in the region, and in coordination with other USG actors, as appropriate. Ensure inclusion of metrics and measures of progress in strategic plans. 5. Serve as the INL Senior Regional Advisor in the Western Hemisphere to coordinate the efforts of local INL Advisors to harmonize operations planning, intelligence-sharing, and joint training opportunities for law enforcement units in the region, with particular focus on cross-border activities and information sharing among similarly-mandated units (e.g., anti-gang units). 6. Track strategic and tactical information and make recommendations on the organizational and operational capacities of host nation law enforcement units, particularly with regard to their interaction with partner nation units. 7. In consultation with INL/WHP leadership and relevant INL directors, develop and maintain a plan for regional coordination opportunities that promote the sharing and replication of effective and sustainable regional best practices in land, border, and maritime law enforcement activities. 8. Support the coordination among countries of similarly-mandated units (such as anti-gang units, transnational criminal investigative units, sensitive investigative units, and maritime interdiction units) to increase intelligence sharing and opportunities for regional operations planning. 9. Provide monthly reporting to INL/WHP and relevant INL Directors on activities, achievements, challenges and next steps. Reporting shall include key metrics, as identified by INL/WHP and INL Directors. 10. Attend regional meetings as well as U.S. and international forums addressing interdiction operations and vetted and specialized units and provide summary reports for INL/WHP leadership and INL Directors. 11. When required, perform the role of Duty Officer. 12. Perform other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 3. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment to Post. 4. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness (SOAR) Training or Posting Overseas Specialized Training (POST), as available. 5. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy San Salvador, El Salvador. This position requires frequent (up to a maximum 50% of time) travel to Western Hemisphere countries and to the United States as needed. The Advisor must be willing to work in hazardous environments where exposure to verbal and physical threats from criminal elements are likely. RELATIONSHIP Although assigned to work regionally, the Senior Regional Advisor reports directly to the INL/WHP Office Director and will have close working relationships with Directors of INL sections and offices in the Western Hemisphere, ILEA, and their designees as determined by INL Directors. Due to the unique regional nature of the position, the Senior Regional Advisor will be required to coordinate with the INL Director or his/her designee upon arriving and departing a country and while in country as necessary and fulfilling all e-Country Clearance procedures and COM-approvals related to international travel. The Senior Regional Advisor will provide monthly updates to the INL/WHP Office Director in Washington, D.C., and to the respective INL office where work was performed during the month and will be required to travel to Washington periodically. The INL/WHP office will fund all costs associated with the PSC’s position through domestic PD+S. The Contracting Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. In no instance shall the INL/WHP Office Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and the conditions of the contract or waive the Government"s requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL/WHP Office Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves planning, organizing and completing financial and organizational analysis of enormous complexity. Due to the high visibility and political sensitivity of the issues in which INL is involved, there is extreme difficulty in identifying the nature of the issues and planning, organizing, and determining the scope and depth of studies/audits to be undertaken. The PSC is expected to remain up to date with INL/WHP and INL Director leadership on all political sensitivities prior to traveling to and engagement in a country. The PSC is expected to address difficult scenarios by separating the substantive nature of the programs or issues into their components and determining the nature and magnitude of programs or issues, as well as discerning the intent of the legislation and policy statements and determining how to translate the intent into program actions. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The Senior Advisor performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative/financial program spanning the full range of citizen safety, law enforcement, rule of law, and counternarcotics programs in the Western Hemisphere, which is of significant interest to the public and to Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Top Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution. 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience as a sworn civilian law enforcement officer or as a military officer with security related duties in an organization of at least twenty-five (25) personnel and having attained a law enforcement rank equivalent to a lieutenant or a military rank equivalent to lieutenant colonel. 4. A minimum of ten (10) years of supervisory experience. 5. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience working in the area of law enforcement operations, management, and/or training. 6. Demonstrated record of accomplishment of implementing law enforcement programs in Latin America, including specific experience with police liaison activities and establishing a police presence in difficult high-crime zones/areas. 7. Demonstrated experience working with partner nation policing programs, policing tactics and theories, and management of resources. 8. Demonstrated ability to interact effectively with high-level officials (governmental and non-governmental). 9. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish at the professionally proficient level. 10. Demonstrated knowledge and experience with USG regulations, standards of conduct, and ethics. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1 Planning, Development and Operations (30 Points) Demonstrated relevant experience planning and developing law enforcement strategies, narcotics interdiction operations and crime reduction programs; ability to coordinate with host-country civilian and police officials; ability to effectively work in a multi-cultural and overseas environment; and experience deploying techniques for improved police institutions, notably violent crimes, interdiction, and anti-trafficking. Factor 2 Strategic Vision (20 Points) Demonstrated capability to serve as a role model for trying new approaches and building collaborative relationships to implement improved coordination and joint operations methodologies, especially in remote high-crime areas, and use position to influence and educate others. Demonstrated ability to emphasize and reinforce modern police philosophy vision, values, and mission among multiple organizations to support and articulate a commitment for improved policing techniques as the dominant way of doing business. Factor 3 Program Management (20 Points) Demonstrated knowledge of program management, concepts, practices, and principles to analyze and develop recommendations for program implementation and USG objectives. Ability to develop and track metrics for program evaluation. Demonstrated ability to manage resources, influence by design, and effectively collaborate to further goals, objectives, and activities. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 30 Factor #2 – 20 Factor #3 – 20 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant"s writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-01 equivalent level ($126,384 – $164,301 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee"s FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker"s Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1e7be6be95dc40839efcdc5307fe1435/view)