---
layout: default
title: 9140--Generator Diesel Fuel and Diesel Exhaust Fluid
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1444a3e1702a4d76bf8aee66f8d70f5a
---

# 9140--Generator Diesel Fuel and Diesel Exhaust Fluid

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 17:04:50.03-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0342
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0342 Generator Diesel Fuel and Diesel Exhaust Fluid for Western Colorado Health Care System for a base year plus 3 additional option years. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 4:00pm MT Mar 20, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. ** Quotes are to be provided to joseph.wurmstein@va.gov no later than 4:00pm MT, March 26, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0342. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 effective March 13, 2026. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 324110 Petroleum Refineries with a business size standard of 1500 employees. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for service-disabled veteran owned small businesses (SDVOSB). List of Line Items; Line Items Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 0001 Base Year 2400 gallons diesel fuel per month Grand Junction VA Medical Center Period of Performance (PoP): 1 year from date of award 28,800 GL 0002 Base Year 144 gallons Diesel Exhaust Fluid per month Grand Junction VA Medical Center Period of Performance: 1 year from date of award 1,728 GL Line Items Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 1001 Option Year 1 2400 gallons diesel fuel per month Grand Junction VA Medical Center Period of Performance: 1 year after base PoP 28,800 GL 1002 Option Year 1 144 gallons Diesel Exhaust Fluid per month Grand Junction VA Medical Center Period of Performance: 1 year after base PoP 1,728 GL 2001 Option Year 2 2400 gallons diesel fuel per month Grand Junction VA Medical Center Period of Performance: 1 year after option year 1 PoP 28,800 GL 2002 Option Year 2 144 gallons Diesel Exhaust Fluid per month Grand Junction VA Medical Center Period of Performance: 1 year after option year 1 PoP 1,728 GL 3001 Option Year 3 2400 gallons diesel fuel per month Grand Junction VA Medical Center Period of Performance: 1 year after option year 2 PoP 28,800 GL 3002 Option Year 3 144 gallons Diesel Exhaust Fluid per month Grand Junction VA Medical Center Period of Performance: 1 year after option year 2 PoP 1,728 GL Grand Total ($) Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Western Colorado Health Care System Temporary Emergency Department Generator Fuel Supply Purpose The Western Colorado Health Care System (WCHCS) has a requirement for delivery of diesel fuel and diesel exhaust fluid for the generators running the station s temporary Emergency Department facility during the renovation of the main campus Emergency Department. There are a total of two Caterpillar generators (model XQ230) that are located at WCHCS, 2121 North Avenue, Grand Junction, Colorado, 81501. Material Requirements 2400 gallons of type two Ultra Low Sulphur Clear Highway diesel fuel per month. The fuel cannot be off road diesel with red dye. 144 gallons of Diesel Exhaust Fluid (DEF) per month. Tote with freeze protection to be provided by supplier. DEF shall meet ISO 22241-1 standard and have a concentration of 32.5% urea. Delivery Requirements Delivery of fuel should be to the 23rd street entrance on the east side of the Western Colorado Health Care System Campus. Fuel should be pumped from the delivery truck into the station s 1200-gallon fuel tank as needed every five to seven business days to top off any used diesel. DEF should be delivered and added as required to fill the large tote (approx. 275 gallons) during every diesel delivery. Routine deliveries should be made between 8:00am to 4:30pm MST Monday through Friday. The Contractor must provide spill containment while pumping into the DEF and diesel fuel tanks. Emergency deliveries shall be available outside of normal business hours. Mandatory Tasks and Deliverables Once every five to seven business days fill the 1200-gallon fuel tank located in the east parking lot of the WCHCS, Main Hospital, Grand Junction, Colorado campus. Once every five to seven business days, top off the DEF large tote. Period of Performance The period of performance shall be from the date of the award for a base year and 3 option years. The contractor shall coordinate with the COR to schedule the services outlined in Section 4. Normal hours of operation are Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM-4:30 PM, except Federal holidays. The Contractor shall have the flexibility to schedule work outside the normal hours with prior approval of the COR. The contractor shall notify the COR 10 business days in advance to schedule work outside of normal operating hours for routine deliveries. Work is to be conducted in a manner which would present the least amount of disruption to the healthcare facility. There are eleven (11) Federal holidays set by law (U.S.C. Title 5 Section 6103). Additional days which are considered holidays by the government during the contract period shall also be observed. Under current definitions, five are set by date: New Year s Day January 1 Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 4 Veteran s Day November 11 Christmas Day December 25 If any of the above falls on a Saturday, then Friday shall be observed as a holiday. Similarly, if one falls on a Sunday, then Monday shall be observed as a holiday. The other six are set by a day of the week and month: Martin Luther King Day Third Monday in January Washington s Birthday Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Thanksgiving Fourth Thursday in November Vendor Qualifications Vendor must have CDL license. Vendor must have CDOT HAZMAT endorsement to transport diesel fuel. Place of Performance The service work shall take place at: WCHCS 2121 North Avenue Grand Junction, CO 81501 END OF STATEMENT OF WORK Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at the Western Colorado Health Care System (WCHCS), located at 2121 North Avenue Grand Junction, CO 81501. 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the SBA Small Business Certification (SBS): https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) - Technical capability or quality of the item offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) - Completion of both Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products AND Attachment RFO provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate ; and (III) Price. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the statement of work and solicitation along with specifying the type of DEF being offered. Volume II - Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products The offeror shall complete the Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products and submit as part of the quote. AND Completion of Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate The offeror shall complete the Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate and submit as part of the quote. Volume III Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products AND completion of Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Factor III. Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products AND completion of Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate : The Government will evaluate the responses an offeror makes to Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products AND Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate for completeness. Factor III. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1 shall not be selected regardless of price. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered nonresponsive. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-12 Limitation on Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute X 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute X 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ Statute 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute X 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 45 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 4 years. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.216-75 Economic Price Adjustment - Fuel Surcharge VAAR 852.219-73 VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses. (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute X 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute X 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to joseph.wurmstein@va.gov by 4:00pm MT, March 26, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Joseph Wurmstein joseph.wurmstein@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph B. Wurmstein
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: joseph.wurmstein@va.gov
  - Phone: 303-712-5740

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate ; and (III) Price. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the statement of work and solicitation along with specifying the type of DEF being offered. Volume II - Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products The offeror shall complete the Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products and submit as part of the quote. AND Completion of Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate The offeror shall complete the Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate and submit as part of the quote. Volume III Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products AND completion of Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Factor III. Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products AND completion of Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate : The Government will evaluate the responses an offeror makes to Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products AND Attachment - RFO Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate for completeness. Factor III. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1 shall not be selected regardless of price. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered nonresponsive. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-12 Limitation on Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute X 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute X 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ Statute 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute X 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 45 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 4 years. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.216-75 Economic Price Adjustment - Fuel Surcharge VAAR 852.219-73 VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses. (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute X 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute X 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to joseph.wurmstein@va.gov by 4:00pm MT, March 26, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Joseph Wurmstein joseph.wurmstein@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1444a3e1702a4d76bf8aee66f8d70f5a/view)