---
layout: default
title: Elation LED Automated Lighting Fixtures and Accessories
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 17b3c37623024f019f14d9feef50d69a
---

# Elation LED Automated Lighting Fixtures and Accessories

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 15:59:12.864-04
- Solicitation Number: W911SD26QA070

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE THIS IS A Sources Sought Notice ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. The U.S. Government desires to procure new Elation LED Automated Lighting Fixtures, and associated accessories for the Eisenhower Hall Theatre at the United States Military Academy (USMA), West Point, NY that meet the features and specifications outlined in the Scope of Work attached to this Source Sought Notice. 1. Elation Paragon M – 900W Variable CRI LED IP Framing Profile Fixture with CMY - (Brand Name – or – Equal) MFR: Elation P/N#: PAR112 ITEM: 900W Variable CRI LED IP Framing Profile Fixture with CMY QTY: 14 each 2. Elation SOL I Blinder, 250W RGBLAW LED Modular Blinder, IP65 (Brand Name – or Equal) MFR: Elation P/N#: SOL001 ITEM: 250W RGBLAW LED Modular Blinder QTY: 30 each 3. The Light Source MWB, Mega Claw Pipe Clamp - (Brand Name – or -Equal) MFR: The Light Source P/N#: MWB ITEM: Mega Claw Pipe Clamp QTY: 58 Each 4. Leviton Locking Plug, 20Amp, 125 Volt, Industrial Grade, Black (Brand Name – or – Equal) MFR: Leviton P/N#: 2311-B ITEM: 20Amp, 125Volt, NEMA L5-20P, 2P, 3W, Locking Plug, Industrial Grade Plug QTY: 44 each Please include the proposed delivery timeline in your quotation document. The Government anticipates a solicitation completed on a small business set-aside basis, provided 2 or more qualified small businesses respond to this sources sought notice with information sufficient to support a set-aside. Be advised that the U.S. Government will not be able to set aside this requirement if 2 or more small businesses do not respond with information to support the set-aside. We encourage all small businesses, in all socioeconomic categories (including, 8(a) Business Development Program, Small Disadvantage Business, Historically Underutilized Business Zone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, Women-Owned Small Business concerns), to identify their capabilities in meeting the requirement at a fair market price. This notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Quote (RFQ)/Invitation for Bid (IFB)/Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFQ, IFB or RFP in the future. This notice does not commit the U.S. Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, the U.S. Government is not seeking quotes, bids or proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals in response to this sources sought notice. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. Submittals will not be returned to the responder. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future RFQ or IFB or RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the Governmentwide Point of Entry. It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the Governmentwide Point of Entry for additional information pertaining to this requirement. The anticipated NAICS code(s) is: 335139 – Electric Lamp Bulb and Other Lighting Equipment Manufacturing with a size standard of 1,250 employees. In response to this Sources Sought Notice, please provide: 1. Name of the firm, point of contact, phone number, email address, DUNS number, CAGE code, a statement regarding small business status (including small business type(s)/certifications(s) such as SDB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, WOSB, etc.) and the corresponding NAICS code. 2. Identify whether your firm is interested in competing for this requirement as a prime contractor or not. Identify subcontracting, joint ventures or teaming arrangement that will be pursued, if any. Identify if you’re a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) Contractor. 3. Information in sufficient detail regarding previous experience (indicate whether as a prime contractor or subcontractor) on similar requirements (include size, scope, complexity, timeframe, government or commercial), pertinent certifications, etc., that will facilitate making a capability determination. 4. Information to help determine if the requirement is commercially available, including pricing information, basis for the pricing information (e.g., market pricing, catalog pricing), delivery schedules, customary terms and conditions, warranties, etc. 5. Identify how the Army can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition by and among small business concerns. 6. Identify any condition or action that may be having the effect of unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition. If you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition, include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the MICC POC information from the SAM.gov notice. Provide the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion. 7. Recommendations to improve the approach/specifications/draft PWS/PRS to acquiring the identified items/services. 8. Please send all responses by Friday, 23 April 2026 at 12:00 PM EST to Soung Gibbons, at soung.h.gibbons.civ@army.mil, and be sure to include the Sources Sought Notice ID (W911SD26QA070) in your email subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Soung H. Gibbons
  - Email: soung.h.gibbons.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/17b3c37623024f019f14d9feef50d69a/view)