---
layout: default
title: Various Spare Parts for the MH65E Helicopter
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e1b812b910154b9cbe74ed188ff6eb3c
---

# Various Spare Parts for the MH65E Helicopter

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 09:58:14.342-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z03826RB0000009

## Summary

***The purpose of Amenement 3 is to add CLIN 4187 to option period 4 of the schedule of supplies (Attached).*** ***The purpose of Amendment 2 is to answer a question posed by a vendor and to correct Line Items 0096 and 0346 and subsequent option periods in the schedule of supplies (Attached).*** Question: I have identified few parts manufactured by Safran Aerosystems. Would it be possible to answer partially to solicitation 70Z03826RB0000009? Answer: Because this solicitation was posted as a full and open competitive requirement, it is anticipated that there could be multiple awards under the solicitation. Prospective vendors can provide proposals for any number of line items. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The purpose of Amendment 1 is to correct Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies/Services. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR part 15, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z03826RB0000009 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) effective as of November 28, 2025. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 336413. The small business size standard is 1,250 employees. This is an unrestricted requirement. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. It is anticipated that more than one Indefinite Delivery Requirements Contract with firm-fixed pricing shall be awarded on a competitive basis as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The anticipated period of performance will be five (5) year’s total consisting of a one (1) year base period, and four (4) one-year option periods, this contract shall not exceed five (5) years. See attached documents titled: “Attachment 1 - Schedule - 70Z03826RB0000009”, “Attachment 2 - Provisions, Clauses, and Terms and Conditions – 70Z03826RB0000009 Concerns having the expertise and required capabilities to provide these items are invited to submit offers in accordance with the requirements stipulated in this solicitation. Parts must be approved in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines to ensure safety of our aircrew. The Government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. Only the use of airworthy commercial specifications or standard military specifications/military standard parts will be utilized and approved from this solicitation. The contractor shall furnish a COC in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. COC must be submitted in the format specified in the clause. All parts shall be NEW approved parts. There are multiple OEMs associated with the parts contained within this solicitation. Offerors must be able to provide necessary certification including traceability to the manufacturer, manufacturer's COC and its own COC to ensure parts are in airworthy condition, suitable for installation on USCG aircraft. Prospective vendors who are not the OEM or an authorized distributor must provide traceability for the offered product back to the manufacturer or authorized distributor. Traceability means a clear, complete, documented, and auditable paper trail which traces each step from an OEM or distributor to its current location. Traceability to the OEM must have only two exchanges prior to USCG delivery. Alternate parts will be authorized if they are an approved alternate under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) catalog system, which improves interoperability between NATO and commercial cataloging systems. Alternate parts must satisfy all form, fit, and function requirements of the original parts and conform to the approved configuration of the United States Coast Guard MH-65E aircraft. Any alternate parts must be approved prior to contract award by SRR Engineering. NO SUBSTITUTE PARTS WILL BE CONSIDERED. ONLY NEW PARTS WILL BE ACCEPTED. The Government reserves the right to withhold any item or group of items contained in this solicitation upon award. The Government reserves the right to make a single award, to make multiple awards covering different subsets of CLINs, or to make no award. The Government shall assume, for the purpose of making multiple awards, that $500 would be the administrative cost to the Government for issuing and administering each contract awarded under this solicitation. Individual awards shall be for the items or combinations of items that result in the lowest cost to the Government including the assumed administrative costs. The government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. NOTE: NO DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS OR SCHEMATICS ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS AGENCY. Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 30 March 2026 at 3:15 pm EST. Quotes and questions shall be submitted by email to Livia.M.Pippen@uscg.mil. Please indicate solicitation 70Z03826RB0000009 in the subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Livia M. Pippen
  - Email: livia.m.pippen@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: GABRIELLE BERRY
  - Email: Gabrielle.M.Berry2@uscg.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Schedule of Supplies/Services. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR part 15, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z03826RB0000009 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) effective as of November 28, 2025. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 336413. The small business size standard is 1,250 employees. This is an unrestricted requirement. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. It is anticipated that more than one Indefinite Delivery Requirements Contract with firm-fixed pricing shall be awarded on a competitive basis as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The anticipated period of performance will be five (5) year’s total consisting of a one (1) year base period, and four (4) one-year option periods, this contract shall not exceed five (5) years. See attached documents titled: “Attachment 1 - Schedule - 70Z03826RB0000009”, “Attachment 2 - Provisions, Clauses, and Terms and Conditions – 70Z03826RB0000009 Concerns having the expertise and required capabilities to provide these items are invited to submit offers in accordance with the requirements stipulated in this solicitation. Parts must be approved in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines to ensure safety of our aircrew. The Government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. Only the use of airworthy commercial specifications or standard military specifications/military standard parts will be utilized and approved from this solicitation. The contractor shall furnish a COC in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. COC must be submitted in the format specified in the clause. All parts shall be NEW approved parts. There are multiple OEMs associated with the parts contained within this solicitation. Offerors must be able to provide necessary certification including traceability to the manufacturer, manufacturer"s COC and its own COC to ensure parts are in airworthy condition, suitable for installation on USCG aircraft. Prospective vendors who are not the OEM or an authorized distributor must provide traceability for the offered product back to the manufacturer or authorized distributor. Traceability means a clear, complete, documented, and auditable paper trail which traces each step from an OEM or distributor to its current location. Traceability to the OEM must have only two exchanges prior to USCG delivery. Alternate parts will be authorized if they are an approved alternate under the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) catalog system, which improves interoperability between NATO and commercial cataloging systems. Alternate parts must satisfy all form, fit, and function requirements of the original parts and conform to the approved configuration of the United States Coast Guard MH-65E aircraft. Any alternate parts must be approved prior to contract award by SRR Engineering. NO SUBSTITUTE PARTS WILL BE CONSIDERED. ONLY NEW PARTS WILL BE ACCEPTED. The Government reserves the right to withhold any item or group of items contained in this solicitation upon award. The Government reserves the right to make a single award, to make multiple awards covering different subsets of CLINs, or to make no award. The Government shall assume, for the purpose of making multiple awards, that $500 would be the administrative cost to the Government for issuing and administering each contract awarded under this solicitation. Individual awards shall be for the items or combinations of items that result in the lowest cost to the Government including the assumed administrative costs. The government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. NOTE: NO DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS OR SCHEMATICS ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS AGENCY. Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 30 March 2026 at 3:15 pm EST. Quotes and questions shall be submitted by email to Livia.M.Pippen@uscg.mil. Please indicate solicitation 70Z03826RB0000009 in the subject line

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e1b812b910154b9cbe74ed188ff6eb3c/view)