---
layout: default
title: Combat Arms Inspection and Cleaning Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 47470647637e4da7b0559ab249a0835e
---

# Combat Arms Inspection and Cleaning Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 13:31:11.06-04
- Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1004

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1004 Purchase Description: Combat Arms Inspection and Cleaning Services This announcement constitutes the only solicitation/notice; response/quotes are being requested, further written or oral solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation will be a competitive 8(a) set-aside. The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this combined synopsis/solicitation, FA461326Q1004, as a Request for Quotation using RFO Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services and RFO Part 37, Service Contracting. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 562910-Remediation Services with a small business standard of $25M. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price contract. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulations FAC Number 2026-01 effective 13 March 2026, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change Number DFARS Change 11/10/2025 effective 11/10/2025. DESCRIPTION OF ITEMS/SERVICE: All CLINS F.O.B. Destination The contractor shall provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, labor, and transportation necessary (to include High Efficient Particulate Air (HEPA) vacuums, power washers, waste containers/barrels, cleaning solutions/other cleaning materials, and other items/services) to perform range cleaning and inspection services at F.E. Warren Air Force Base, Wyoming, in accordance with all applicable federal, state, local laws and regulations and this performance work statement (PWS). CLIN STRUCTURE: CLIN 0001 CATM Inspection and Cleaning Service Quantity: 2 Unit of Measure: Job PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Performance will occur at the CATM Range located at Bldg 1591 on F. E. Warren AFB. SITE VISIT: A site visit has been scheduled for 16 April 2026 at 9:00AM MST. Please meet at bldg 1591 at 9:00AM MST. Please reach out to Mrs. Sara Cook (sara.cook.7@us.af.mil) and 1st Lt Kamary Williams (kamary.williams@us.af.mil) for further instructions no later than 13 April 2026. QUESTIONS: Questions shall be received no later than 17 April 2026 3:00PM MST to Mrs. Sara Cook (sara.cook.7@us.af.mil) and 1st Lt Kamary Williams (kamary.williams@us.af.mil). QUOTES: Responses/quotes MUST be received no later than 23 April 2026 10:00AM MST in order to be considered timely. Forward responses by e-mail to Mrs. Sara Cook (sara.cook.7@us.af.mil) and 1st Lt Kamary Williams (kamary.williams@us.af.mil). Any quote, modification, or revision of a quote received after the exact time specified in this solicitation shall be determined as late and may not be considered. OTHER INFORMATION: Per RFO Subpart 4.304, offerors are required to be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at time of submission of quote. Failure to do so will result in the offer being deemed ineligible for award. This is a notice that this order is an open market requirement for CATM Inspection and Cleaning Service. This acquisition is a Total 8(a) small business set-aside. Only quotes submitted by businesses holding NAICS Code 562910 will be accepted by the Goverment. Interchanges. The Government intends to award without interchanges with respective vendors/quoters. The Government, however, reserves the right to conduct interchanges if deemed in its best interest. Under appropriate curcumstances, interchanges can be an effective method to improve the Government's evaluation of Offerors' quoted approaches and may reduce acquisition cycle time. Interchanges may be written, email, phone call, etc., or any method which would accurately capture the contemporaneous sharing of information between the Government and the Offerors. Interchanges may also be oral conversations between the Government and the Offerors. INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS: Offerors shall comply with RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commcercial Services (Deviation Date) RFO 52.212-1 is hereby tailored as follows: 1. Any inconsistency between RFO Provision 52.212-1 and the Addendum to RFO 52.212-1 shall be resolved by giving precedence to the Addendum to RFO 52.212-1. 2. After receipt of quotes the Government may, with or without notice, negotiate with and, if desired, seek quote revisions from as many or as few quoters as it, in its discretion, deems appropriate. 3. The term "offeror" or "offer" as used in RFO 52.212-1 shall be understood to mean "quoter" and "quote," respectively. Further, the term "award" shall be understood to describe the Government's issuance of an order. 4. The Government will consider all quotes that are timely received and may consider late quotes. Failure of a quote to address any items required in the submission package may make a quote unacceptable, therefore, unawardable. 5. Paragraph (a) of RFO Provision 52.212-1, Submission of Offers, is amended as follows: In addition to the quote submission requirements stated in RFO Provision 52.212-1, quoters shall provide the following, as part of the quote submission package, no later than the required time and date for quote submission: 1. Statement of Understanding Attachement 1- Performance Work Statement 2. Complete Copy of Attachment 5-Contractor Response Form 3. Firm Fixed Pricing to include Unit Price and Extended Price (Price must include ALL work outlined within the PWS) EVALUATION: ADDENDUM TO RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION-COMMERCIAL ITEM (DEVIATION DATE) Paragraph (a) is hereby replaced with the following: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Quotes that do not include all requested information in RFO 52.212-1 will be considered nonresponsive. Award will be made to the offeror with the lowest priced technically acceptable (LPTA) quote. The following factor(s) shall be used to evaluate offers: 1. Technical Capability: items meet the Government requirement/specifications IAW Attachment 1 - Performance Work Statement showcasing the ability to thoroughly clean the CATM Auger system while following applicabe laws and guidelines to ensure an environmentally safe range. 2. Price: 1. The lowest priced quote will be evaluated for technical acceptability first. The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. 2. Price will be evaluated to ensure fair and reasonable pricing. A price is reasonable if, in its nature and amount, it does not exceed that which would be incurred by a prudent person in the conduct of competitive business. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to ensure a fair and reasonable price. Some of those techniques are, but not limited to, comparison of quoted prices received in response to the solicitation and/or comparison of quoted prices with the Independent Government Estimate. Prices must be determined fair and reasonable. 3. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (End of Provision) Attachments Attachment 1 - PWS FA461326Q1004 CATM Cleaning 1 April 2026-final Attachment 2 - Clauses and Provisions Attachment 3 - Wage Determinations Attachment 4 - Contractor Response Form Attachment 5 - Auger Pictures Attachment 6 - Supplemental Clauses

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: 1st Lt Kamary Williams
  - Email: kamary.williams@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077732454
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sara Cook
  - Email: sara.cook.7@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077733749

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -Contractor Response Form 3. Firm Fixed Pricing to include Unit Price and Extended Price (Price must include ALL work outlined within the PWS) EVALUATION: ADDENDUM TO RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION-COMMERCIAL ITEM (DEVIATION DATE) Paragraph (a) is hereby replaced with the following: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Quotes that do not include all requested information in RFO 52.212-1 will be considered nonresponsive. Award will be made to the offeror with the lowest priced technically acceptable (LPTA) quote. The following factor(s) shall be used to evaluate offers: 1. Technical Capability: items meet the Government requirement/specifications IAW Attachment 1 - Performance Work Statement showcasing the ability to thoroughly clean the CATM Auger system while following applicabe laws and guidelines to ensure an environmentally safe range. 2. Price: 1. The lowest priced quote will be evaluated for technical acceptability first. The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. 2. Price will be evaluated to ensure fair and reasonable pricing. A price is reasonable if, in its nature and amount, it does not exceed that which would be incurred by a prudent person in the conduct of competitive business. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to ensure a fair and reasonable price. Some of those techniques are, but not limited to, comparison of quoted prices received in response to the solicitation and/or comparison of quoted prices with the Independent Government Estimate. Prices must be determined fair and reasonable. 3. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (End of Provision) Attachments Attachment 1 - PWS FA461326Q1004 CATM Cleaning 1 April 2026-final Attachment 2 - Clauses and Provisions Attachment 3 - Wage Determinations Attachment 4 - Contractor Response Form Attachment 5 - Auger Pictures Attachment 6 - Supplemental Clauses

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/47470647637e4da7b0559ab249a0835e/view)