---
layout: default
title: Material Handler Facilities Support Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ca8aedcec9d34df1b3e0aabd51ce16fb
---

# Material Handler Facilities Support Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 08:48:51.215-04
- Solicitation Number: W9124J26RMH26

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE W9124J-26-R-MH26 Brooke Army Medical Center Material Handlers (Furniture) THIS IS A Sources Sought Notice ONLY. The U.S. Government intends to award a non-personal services contract to provide Material Handler Facilities Support for Brooke Army Medical Center (BAMC). The Government shall not exercise any supervision or control over the contractor personnel performing the services under this contract. The Contractor shall be solely responsible for providing all labor, materials, supervision, and any other resources necessary to fulfill the requirements of this contract, except as expressly identified in Part 3, Government?Furnished Property, Equipment, and Services, of the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) dated 5 March 2026. The Mission and Installation Contracting Command – Fort Sam Houston (MICC?FSH) is seeking information from industry on their ability regarding their capability to provide furniture setup, reconfiguration, warehousing, inventory management, and ergonomic movement support in accordance with the attached draft PWS. Accordingly, the U.S. Government highly encourages all interested small businesses in the socioeconomic categories, including, 8(a) Business Development Program, Small Disadvantage Business (SDB), Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, Small Business (SDVOSB), and Women-Owned Small Business to respond to this Sources Sought Notice. Respondents must clearly identify their capabilities and capacity to meet the stated requirements. This will assist the Government in evaluating the potential for a socioeconomic set-aside. This notice does not constitute a Request for Quote (RFQ)/Invitation for Bid (IFB)/Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFQ, IFB, or RFP in the future. This notice does not commit the U.S. Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, the U.S. Government is not seeking quotes, bids or proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals in response to this Sources Sought notice. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. Submittals will not be returned to the responder. A determination not to compete this requirement, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government. However, if a competitive solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the Governmentwide Point of Entry. It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the Governmentwide Point of Entry for additional information pertaining to this requirement. The anticipated North American Industry Classification (NAICS) code(s) is 561210, Facilities Support Services, which has a size standard of $47M. In your opinion, is there a more appropriate NAICS code for this requirement? If so, please indicate the NAICS code would you suggest and explain why? A continuing need is anticipated for the service. Attached is the Performance Work Statement (PWS). This is a follow-on requirement with an anticipated period of performance for one base of 12 months and four (4) 12-month Option Years. The current contract Information is: a. Contract Number: W9124J-21-C-0022 b. Extent of Competition: 8(a) set-aside c. Contract Name/Info: Material Handlers d. Contract Award Total: $1,225,342.80 e. Period of Performance: 30 September 2021 to 29 September 2026 In response to this sources sought notice, please provide: Identify any condition or action that may be having the effect of unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition and identify alternatives or solutions. Also contact the MICC Advocate for Competition, Scott Kukes, at scott.d.kukes@mail.mil or 210- 466-3015, if you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition. Include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the MICC POC information from the Sources Sought Notice. Provide the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion. If after reviewing the draft PWS, and you determine that your firm can provide the required support, please provide the name of the firm, point of contact, phone number, email address, UEI number, CAGE code, and identify business size. If your firm is a small business, please also identify any applicable socioeconomic category (8(a), SDB, HUBZone, SDVOSB, or WOSB). Identify whether your firm is interested in competing for this requirement as a prime contractor or not. Identify subcontracting, joint ventures or teaming arrangement that will be pursued, if any. Please provide information in sufficient detail regarding any relevant previous experience (indicate whether as a prime contractor or subcontractor) on similar requirements (include size, scope, complexity, timeframe, government or commercial), pertinent certifications, etc., that will facilitate making a capability determination. Information to help determine if the requirement (item or service) is commercially available, including pricing information, basis for pricing information (e.g., market pricing, catalog pricing), delivery schedules, customary terms and conditions, warranties, etc. Identify how the Army can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition, including competition among small business concerns. Recommendations to improve the Army's approach/specifications/draft PWS/PRS to acquiring the identified items/services. Upon receipt of responses, the Government will request from our Customer anassessment regarding each firm’s potential to fulfil our requirements as depicted in thedraft PWS. Questions for this sources sought shall be submitted on or before 12:00PM CDT on 11 March 2026. Government Response will be provided within 3 business days after receipt of all questions. Responses to this sources sought notice shall be submitted on or before 12:00PM CDT on 20 March 2026 via email to Monica Jackson, Contract Specialist at monica.e.jackson4.civ@mail.mil and Stephen Fuller, Contracting Officer at stephen.b.fuller4.civ@army.mil. The Government will not return any information submitted in response to this notice. All questions MUST be in writing. In all responses, please reference W9124J-26-R-MH26 Verbal questions will not be accepted. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government nor will the Government pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. No telephonic responses will be accepted. No solicitation currently exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released it will be synopsized on sam.gov. It is the potential offerors responsibility to regularly monitor SAM.gov for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. Primary Point of Contact: Monica Jackson Contract Specialist Email: monica.e.jackson4.civ@mail.mil Secondary Point of Contact: Stephen Fuller Contracting Officer Email: stephen.b.fuller4.civ@army.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Monica Jackson
  - Email: monica.e.jackson4.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 520-852-5794
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Stephen Fuller
  - Email: stephen.b.fuller4.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5207145158

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ca8aedcec9d34df1b3e0aabd51ce16fb/view)