---
layout: default
title: CGC ELM DOCKSIDE RPAIRS
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6a071fda54534e45b7369e89fe6c1d8b
---

# CGC ELM DOCKSIDE RPAIRS

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 08:58:45.27-04
- Solicitation Number: DSFY26ELM

## Summary

Title: USCGC ELM (WLB-204) Buoy Tender DOCKSIDE FY2026 REQUIREMENT: The U.S. Coast Guard is looking for sources which would be interested in performing Dockside Availability for USCGC ELM (WLB-204) Buoy Tender DOCKSIDE ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The performance period of this upcoming Dockside is 22 August 2026 to 30 November 2026. (SUBJECT TO AVAILABITY OF FUNDS) (These dates are Subject to change at the discretion of the Government) DOCKSIDE REPAIRS: The Contractor shall provide all necessary materials, equipment, and personnel for dock side repairs to the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter (USCGC) CGC ELM (WLB-204) a 225’ Seagoing Buoy Tender. The vessel is home ported in Astoria, OR All work will be performed at the cutter’s home pier. The tentative Work list will include, but is not limited to the following: WORK ITEM 1: Fire Prevention Requirements WORK ITEM 2: Hydraulically Operated Cargo Hatch, Inspect and Service WORK ITEM 3: Main Diesel Engine, MDE, Exhaust Piping, Commercial Clean WORK ITEM 4: Ship Service Diesel Generator, SSDG, Exhaust Piping, Commercial Clean WORK ITEM 5: Vent Ducts, Engine And Motor Room, All, Commercial Cleaning WORK ITEM 6: Vent Ducts, Galley and Pantry Room, All, Commercial Cleaning WORK ITEM 7: Vent Ducts, Laundry Exhaust, Commercial Cleaning WORK ITEM 8: Vent Ducts, All Other, Commercial Cleaning WORK ITEM 9: Compressed Air Receivers and System Valves, All, Clean, Inspect, Hydro and Lift WORK ITEM 10: Hydraulic Chain Stoppers, Inspect And Service WORK ITEM 11: Crossdeck Winches, Inspect and Service WORK ITEM 12: Hydraulic Inhaul Winch, Inspect And Service WORK ITEM 13: Mechanical Chain Stoppers, Inspect and Service WORK ITEM 14: Warping Capstan, Inspect and Service WORK ITEM 15: Hull Fittings (Mooring and Towing), Inspect and Test WORK ITEM 16: Single Point Davit, Inspect and Service WORK ITEM 17: Buoy Crane, Appleton EB600-60-40, Inspect and Service WORK ITEM 18: Grey Water Holding Tanks, Clean and Inspect WORK ITEM 19: Sewage Holding Tanks, Clean and Inspect WORK ITEM 20: Grey Water Piping, Clean and Flush WORK ITEM 21: Sewage Piping, Clean and Flush WORK ITEM 22: Tanks, Grey Water Holding, Preserve, Partial WORK ITEM 23: Tanks (Sewage Holding), Preserve, Partial WORK ITEM 24: SORS Cargo Rail Remove WORK ITEM 25: Decks - Exterior, Preserve, Non-Skid Broadcast Grit System WORK ITEM 26: Superstructure, Preserve, 100 Percent WORK ITEM 27: Temporary Services, Provide - Cutter WORK ITEM 28: Bow Thruster Machinery Room, Inspect Piping and Preserve Surfaces WORK ITEM 29: Watertight Doors and Scuttles, External, Renew WORK ITEM 30: Circuit Breakers, Inspect, Maintain & Test WORK ITEM 31: Deck Covering and Ventilation Renew WORK ITEM 32: Pilot House Windows and Frame, Repair and Reseal WORK ITEM 33: Air Escape (AE) Piping & Cofferdam, Renew & Preserve WORK ITEM 34: Cargo Hatch Drain Piping, Renew WORK ITEM 35: Directional Control Valve, Upgrade WORK ITEM 36: Steering Gear Heat Exchanger, Modify WORK ITEM 37: Vent Fans and Motors, Non-Machinery Spaces, Overhaul WORK ITEM 38: Bridge Windows, Renew WORK ITEM 39: Pilothouse Exterior Safety Rail, Renew WORK ITEM 40: Tenting, Provide SUBMISSION OF RESPONSE TO SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE: Companies having capabilities necessary to meet or exceed the stated requirements are invited to provide information to contribute to this market survey/sources sought notice including commercial market information and company information. Submission of Response to Sources Sought Notice: • Responses shall be submitted no later than 24 March, 2026 at 2:00PM EST. • Forward information regarding your Company via email: Sandra.a.martinez@uscg.mil and Jayne.gluck@uscg.mil. • Include the following information: Subject Line: Sources Sought Response for) Dockside (DS) FY26 DD Repair Availability. 1. Company Name, Address, and Unique Entity ID: 2. Point of Contact, Phone number, and Email address: 3. Business Size applicable to the NAICS Code: • Please state which of the following applies to your company for Business Size: a. 8(a) Small Business Concern; b. HUBZone Small Business Concern; c. Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Concern (SDVOSBC); d. Veteran Owned Small Business Concern (VOSBC); e. Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned Small Business Concern (EDWOSB); f. Woman Owned Small Business Concern (WOSBC); g. Small Business Concern; h. Large Business Concern. 4. A positive Statement of your intention to submit a bid for this solicitation as a prime contractor 5. Documentation Verifying Small Business Certification. Please provide the following documentation as it applies to your company: If claiming 8(a) status, provide a copy of your 8(a) Certification from the Small Business Administration (SBA). If claiming HUBZone status, provide a copy of your HUBZONE Certificate from the SBA. If claiming SDVOSBC status, provide documentation that shows the Service-Disabled Veteran (SDV) unconditionally owns 51 % of the business, controls the management and daily operations, and holds the highest officer position in the company. Documentation should also be provided to show that the SDV has a service-connected disability that has been determined by the Department of Defense or Department of Veteran Affairs. Finally, provide documentation that shows the business is small under the NAICS code 336611. If claiming VOSBC status, provide documentation that shows the Veteran unconditionally owns 51% of the business, controls the management and daily operation, make long-term decisions for the business, and holds the highest officer position in the company that works at the business fulltime during normal working hours. The documentation should also show the business is small under the NAICS code 336611. If claiming EDWOSB status, provide documentation that shows the company is at least 51% owned by one or more women who are "economically disadvantaged", and primarily managed by an economically disadvantaged woman that make long-term decisions for the business, hold the highest officer position in the business and work at the business full-time during normal working hours. The documentation should also show the business is small under the NAICS code 336611. A woman is presumed economically disadvantaged if she has a personal net worth of less than $750,000 (with some exclusions), her adjusted gross yearly income averaged over the three years preceding the certification less than $350,000, and the fair market value of all her assets is less than $6 million If claiming Woman Owned Small Business status, provide documentation that shows the company is at least 51% owned and controlled by one or more women, and primarily managed by one or more women that make long-term decisions for the business and hold the highest officer position in the business and work at the business full time during normal working hours. The women must be U.S. citizens. The documentation should also show the business is small under the NAICS code 336611. If claiming Small Business status, provide documentation to show the business is small under NAICS code 336611. NOTE: SUBJECT TO AVAILABITY OF FUNDS. THIS PROJECT MAY BE CANCELLED. THIS IS REQUEST IS FOR MARKET RESEARCH.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jayne Gluck
  - Email: Jayne.Gluck@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 7576284658
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sandra A. Martinez
  - Email: Sandra.A.Martinez@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6a071fda54534e45b7369e89fe6c1d8b/view)