---
layout: default
title: DORIES Conference Audio Visual Support
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3a6a65800b194178940cf955a18f5adf
---

# DORIES Conference Audio Visual Support

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 15:11:38.642-04
- Solicitation Number: FA800326Q0005

## Summary

1. Description: Audio and Visual (AV) Equipment and Support Services at Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Resort located at 1850 Hotel Plaza Blvd Lake Buena Vista, FL 32830. The dates of the FY26 event will be held 24-26 March 2025. Fiscal Year 2026 objective will complete audio visual equipment and support for the DORIES Course for approximately 250-270 attendees Wireless High-Speed Internet: Contractor shall provide reliable wireless high-speed internet connectivity in all 6 large plenary and breakout rooms to support event operations and remote presenters. The hotel provides standard Wi-Fi; however, contractor-supplied dedicated internet service is required to ensure uninterrupted connectivity. The contractor shall ensure reliable, high-speed wireless internet connectivity in all 6 large plenary and breakout rooms sufficient to support event operations, live streaming, and remote presenters. Service shall be dedicated for conference use only and shall not rely solely on the venue’s standard guest Wi-Fi. The contractor shall coordinate with the venue’s IT provider if necessary to arrange dedicated service that meets conference requirements. Minimum performance standard: service shall support at least 270 concurrent users with uninterrupted connectivity. This hotel welcomes the use of third-party IT and Internet Service Providers (ISPs) as there are no exclusive contracts preventing their services. Technical Support: Contractor shall provide qualified onsite A/V technical support during setup, event days, and strike to immediately resolve any technical issues. Government Equipment: Contractor shall accommodate and permit connection of government-provided computer equipment to A/V devices. Labor: Contractor shall start setup on 24 March 2026 at 5:00PM local time, completed no later than 7:30 a.m. local time on 25 March 2026. Teardown shall be completed by 11:30 p.m. local time on 26 March 2025. Contractor shall ensure careful handling, proper operation, and timely strike of all equipment. Equipment list Qty Large Screens (minimum 9’ x 16’) 2 Medium Screens (minimum 8’ x 8’) 2 Projectors, each with individual HDMI cables (one per screen) 4 PowerPoint slide remote control devices with 30–50-foot range 4 Large speaker monitor 1 Extension cords with multiple outlets supporting 25 charging stations At least 10 Wireless microphones 2 Wired microphones with stands 5 Wireless lapel microphone 1 This requirement shall be a Small Business set-aside: under NAICS 532490 with a size standard of $40.0M. The selected PSC is (W099). The Department of the Air Force, Air Force Installation Contracting Center (AFICC), 771 Enterprise Sourcing Squadron (ESS) has a requirement for the provision from DAF Dental Corps Chief and is listed in the Educational and Training Course Announcements (ETCA). 2. Requirement: DORIES is the official Department of the Air Force (DAF) / United States Space Force (USSF) Dental Executives Leadership Course. This strategic educational event convenes Total Force members from Active Duty, Reserve, and Guard units, representing nine (9) Combatant Commands (CCMDs) and eleven (11) Major Commands (MAJCOMs). Attendees include dental consultants, doctors, lab technicians, and hygienists from eighty-three (83) Dental Treatment Facilities (DTFs) worldwide. The conference is hosted by the DAF Dental Corps Chief and is listed in the Educational and Training Course Announcements (ETCA). 3. Period of Performance: The Period of Performance (POP) is for three (3) day period of performance. The entire period of performance for this contract action shall not exceed three (3) days. Estimated Schedule POP Start POP End Base Period 24 March 2026 26 March 2026 4. Questions: The Government will accept questions concerning solicitation number FA800326Q0005 until 16 March 2026 at 01:00 PM EST. Email your questions to luke.tiffany@us.af.mil and samantha.durlauf@us.af.mil. Any questions received after this date and time need not be considered. 5. Quotes Due Date: Quotes must be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist, SSgt Luke Tiffany, via e-mail at luke.tiffany@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer, Capt Samantha Durlaf at samantha.durlauf@us.af.mil. Quotes must conform to the requirements of this solicitation and be received no later than 18 March 2026 at 11:00 AM EST. It is the responsibility of the offeror to ensure that the quotes and its attachments are received. Any quotes received after designated closing date and time need not be considered. Quotes must include aggregate total of all CLINS on Pricing Schedule B. All quotes shall conform to the Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) structure of the attached Pricing Schedule B. 6. Notice to Vendor(s): The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse Vendors for any costs. Respondent understands and agrees that it submits its quote at its own risk and expense, and releases 771 ESS/EGA from any claim for damages or other liability arising out of the posting process. 771 ESS/EGA shall not be liable for any errors in Vendor's response. Vendor is responsible for careful review of its entire response to ensure that all information is correct and complete. Vendors are liable for all error or omissions contained in their responses. All informational material submitted in response to this posting becomes the property of 771 ESS/EGA and shall not be returned. 7. Period of Acceptance of Quotes: The Vendor agrees to hold the prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. 8. Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF): Include in the quote that a Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF) account has been initiated or already established (DoD) has mandated the use of WAWF. All invoices shall be submitted using Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF). To get more information about how to register for WAWF contractors can go to the following web site and download the Contract Pay information: http://www.dfas.mil/contractorpay/ContractPayInformation.pdf. 9. SAM Registration: Firms submitting a quote subsequent to the solicitation described herein, MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database, or risk the quote as being non-responsive, regardless if the package is considered complete, timely or any other salient consideration. Information to register on SAM can be found at the web site, SAM.gov | Home . List of Attachments: Performance Work Statement Pricing Schedule B Provisions and Clauses; Instructions to Offerors; Eval Criteria Wage Determination WD 2015-4553 (Rev. 32) dated 03 Dec 2025 Map and agenda DORIES 2026

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Luke Tiffany
  - Email: luke.tiffany@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Samuel Reynolds
  - Email: samuel.reynolds.5@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3a6a65800b194178940cf955a18f5adf/view)