---
layout: default
title: DA10--eGain SW Maintenance Enterprise Knowledge (VA-26-00029908)(Sources Sought)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f5525d286c7345b3b7cab5d88296578f
---

# DA10--eGain SW Maintenance Enterprise Knowledge (VA-26-00029908)(Sources Sought)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 11:26:31.45-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0258
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice 36C10B24Q0142 0001 Page 2 of 4 Sources Sought Notice The purpose of this Sources Sought notice is to identify qualified contractors that can provide annual software maintenance and support for a single perpetual license of the brand name eGain Enterprise Knowledge Management (KM) software. Introduction This is a Sources Sought Notice only. Accordingly, this Sources Sought Notice constitutes neither a Request for Quote, Request for Proposal, nor a guarantee that a solicitation will be issued by the Government in the future; furthermore, it does not commit the Government to contract for any products or services described herein. Additionally, this Sources Sought Notice does not restrict the Government as to the ultimate acquisition approach. In accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul 15.101(c), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to identify qualified vendors who can meet Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) requirements for brand name eGain annual software maintenance and support. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain market information on capable sources. All responses to this Sources Sought Notice will be treated only as information for the Government to consider. The Government is not responsible for any cost incurred by industry in furnishing this information. All costs associated with responding to this Sources Sought Notice will be solely at the interested vendor's expense. Not responding to this Sources Sought Notice does not preclude a vendor s participation in any future solicitation if any is issued. Any Service-Disabled Veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSBs) or Veteran-owned small businesses (VOSBs) responding to this Sources Sought Notice must include their intent and ability to meet any set-aside requirements for performance of this effort in accordance with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 852.219-73 or 852.219-74, VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified SDVOSB or VOSB respectively. Any information submitted by industry to this Sources Sought Notice is strictly voluntary. All submissions will become Government property and will not be returned. Interested vendors are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. VA is under no obligation to provide feedback to the company, or to contact the company for clarification of any information submitted in response to this Sources Sought Notice. Companies interested in participating in this effort please responds to this Sources Sought Notice, indicating the company s interest and providing its respective capabilities to perform the effort, as described in the paragraphs below. Any information provided in response to this Sources Sought may be used by VA in developing its acquisition strategy and Product Description (PD). Be advised that set-aside decisions may be made based on the information provided in response to this Sources Sought Notice. Responses should be as complete and informative as possible. Be advised that set-aside decisions may be made based on the information provided in response to this Sources Sought notice. Responses should be as complete and informative as possible. It is the responsibility of interested parties to monitor this site for updates and/or additional information pertaining to this requirement. Background: The VA Office of Information and Technology (OI&T), Veteran Relationship Management (VRM) requires software maintenance and support for one existing, brand name eGain Enterprise Knowledge Management (KM) perpetual software license.VA OIT VRM s existing perpetual Enterprise KM software license includes unlimited agent license for eGain Knowledge Agents, unlimited sessions for the external facing portal hits through eGain Web Self Service, and unlimited access through Application Program Interfaces for Customer Chat deflection and the Inquiry Routing and Information System Widgets. Additionally, the VA s Enterprise KM software license includes a mobile application for iPhone Operating System and Android devices that links to KM and the Virtual Interaction Management Digital Channel Analytic Package. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code considered for this requirement is 541519. Other Computer Related Services; the small business size standard for this NAICS is $34 million dollars or for Value Added Resellers, 150 employees. See Attachment A, Draft Product Description, to this Sources Sought Notice for additional information. VA is seeking to identify qualified vendors who are able to provide brand maintenance and support for VA s eGain Enterprise KM perpetual software license. If interested and capable of providing for this effort, please see the How to Respond section below. How to Respond: All responsible sources may submit a response in accordance with the below information: NO MARKETING MATERIALS ARE ALLOWED AS PART OF THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE. Generic capability statements will not be reviewed. It is requested that the vendor respond to the following. Note: Provide a capability package that is clear, concise, and complete. The VA is under no obligation to provide feedback to the company, or to contact the company for clarification of any information submitted in response to this Sources Sought notice. Responses should be as complete and informative as possible. Responses shall be limited to no more than 7 pages and include: Interested Vendors shall at a minimum provide the following information in the initial paragraph of the submission. Name of Company: Address: Point of Contact: Phone Number: Email Address: Unique Entity Identifier (UEI): NAICS code(s)*: 541519 Company Business Size & Status for above NAICS: For VOSB and SDVOSBs, confirm the company has certification through SBA**: Socioeconomic Data: If a small business, please identify socio-economic category(ies). Existing Contractual Vehicles (GWAC, FSS or MAC): *If you believe there is a more appropriate NAICS code, please provide that to the Government with your rationale. **For Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB)/Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) concerns, indicate whether you could meet the requirement that a Government information technology procurement classified under SDVOSB/VOSB is in accordance with Veterans First Contracting Act for the applicable NAICS. Acronyms: FSS Federal Supply Schedule, GWAC Government-wide Acquisition Contract MAC Multi-Agency Contract NAICS North American Industry Classification System NASA SEWP National Aeronautics and Space Administration Solutions for Enterprise Wide Procurement SAM System for Award Management SBA Small Business Administration SDVOSB Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business VOSB Veteran-Owned Small Business Brief summary describing your company s technical capabilities to meet the requirements outlined above requirement. Brand name eGain software maintenance and technical support is being contemplated. Provide commercially available list pricing for the identified products and/or services that can meet the Government s minimum requirements, including recommended quantities and unit pricing. If commercially available list pricing is not available, provide a Rough Order of Magnitude, including estimated quantities, unit pricing, and any additional anticipated costs to meet the Governments minimum requirements. Indicate the likelihood of your company responding to a solicitation should this effort result in an acquisition. Note: Small businesses should include intent and ability to meet set-aside requirements for performance of this effort, if applicable. Respondents are requested to identify any additional information considered applicable to this Sources Sought Notice. Has the draft Product Description (PD) provided sufficient detail to describe the technical/functional requirements that encompass the eGain annual software maintenance and support for existing perpetual Enterprise KM License support to be provided under this effort. Â Yes Â No (if No, answer the 9b question) If NO , please provide your technical comments/recommendations on elements of the draft PD that may contribute to more accurate responses/submission and efficient, cost-effective effort INSTRUCTIONS FOR SUBMITTING QUESTIONS AND RESPONSES: Questions shall be submitted electronically via email to Joshua Lemonds, the Contract Specialist, at Joshua.Lemonds@va.gov, and the Contracting Officer, at Diana.Armesto@va.gov, no later than 10:00 a.m. eastern time on April 10, 2026. All questions shall identify 36C10B26Q0258 eGain in the subject line of the email. Responses shall be submitted electronically via email to Joshua.Lemonds@va.gov and Diana.Armesto@va.gov no later than 11:00 a.m. eastern time on April 14, 2026. Information submitted by any other method will not be considered. All responses shall note 36C10B26Q0258 eGain in the subject line of the email.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua Lemonds
  - Title: CS Intern
  - Email: Joshua.Lemonds@va.gov
  - Phone: 512-981-4416

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Draft Product Description, to this Sources Sought Notice for additional information. VA is seeking to identify qualified vendors who are able to provide brand maintenance and support for VA s eGain Enterprise KM perpetual software license. If interested and capable of providing for this effort, please see the How to Respond section below. How to Respond: All responsible sources may submit a response in accordance with the below information: NO MARKETING MATERIALS ARE ALLOWED AS PART OF THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE. Generic capability statements will not be reviewed. It is requested that the vendor respond to the following. Note: Provide a capability package that is clear, concise, and complete. The VA is under no obligation to provide feedback to the company, or to contact the company for clarification of any information submitted in response to this Sources Sought notice. Responses should be as complete and informative as possible. Responses shall be limited to no more than 7 pages and include: Interested Vendors shall at a minimum provide the following information in the initial paragraph of the submission. Name of Company: Address: Point of Contact: Phone Number: Email Address: Unique Entity Identifier (UEI): NAICS code(s)*: 541519 Company Business Size & Status for above NAICS: For VOSB and SDVOSBs, confirm the company has certification through SBA**: Socioeconomic Data: If a small business, please identify socio-economic category(ies). Existing Contractual Vehicles (GWAC, FSS or MAC): *If you believe there is a more appropriate NAICS code, please provide that to the Government with your rationale. **For Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB)/Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) concerns, indicate whether you could meet the requirement that a Government information technology procurement classified under SDVOSB/VOSB is in accordance with Veterans First Contracting Act for the applicable NAICS. Acronyms: FSS Federal Supply Schedule, GWAC Government-wide Acquisition Contract MAC Multi-Agency Contract NAICS North American Industry Classification System NASA SEWP National Aeronautics and Space Administration Solutions for Enterprise Wide Procurement SAM System for Award Management SBA Small Business Administration SDVOSB Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business VOSB Veteran-Owned Small Business Brief summary describing your company s technical capabilities to meet the requirements outlined above requirement. Brand name eGain software maintenance and technical support is being contemplated. Provide commercially available list pricing for the identified products and/or services that can meet the Government s minimum requirements, including recommended quantities and unit pricing. If commercially available list pricing is not available, provide a Rough Order of Magnitude, including estimated quantities, unit pricing, and any additional anticipated costs to meet the Governments minimum requirements. Indicate the likelihood of your company responding to a solicitation should this effort result in an acquisition. Note: Small businesses should include intent and ability to meet set-aside requirements for performance of this effort, if applicable. Respondents are requested to identify any additional information considered applicable to this Sources Sought Notice. Has the draft Product Description (PD) provided sufficient detail to describe the technical/functional requirements that encompass the eGain annual software maintenance and support for existing perpetual Enterprise KM License support to be provided under this effort. Â Yes Â No (if No, answer the 9b question) If NO , please provide your technical comments/recommendations on elements of the draft PD that may contribute to more accurate responses/submission and efficient, cost-effective effort INSTRUCTIONS FOR SUBMITTING QUESTIONS AND RESPONSES: Questions shall be submitted electronically via email to Joshua Lemonds, the Contract Specialist, at Joshua.Lemonds@va.gov, and the Contracting Officer, at Diana.Armesto@va.gov, no later than 10:00 a.m. eastern time on April 10, 2026. All questions shall identify 36C10B26Q0258 eGain in the subject line of the email. Responses shall be submitted electronically via email to Joshua.Lemonds@va.gov and Diana.Armesto@va.gov no later than 11:00 a.m. eastern time on April 14, 2026. Information submitted by any other method will not be considered. All responses shall note 36C10B26Q0258 eGain in the subject line of the email

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f5525d286c7345b3b7cab5d88296578f/view)