---
layout: default
title: Program Executive Office (PEO) Defense Healthcare Management Systems (DHMS) Deployment Solutions
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7388a4cb74d04e89a8f3c4fc100adb7a
---

# Program Executive Office (PEO) Defense Healthcare Management Systems (DHMS) Deployment Solutions

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 09:36:44.029-04
- Solicitation Number: HT003826RE001

## Summary

Update 08 April 2026: Amendment 0001 is hereby issued. This amendment clarifies provision 52.212-1 as detailed in the SF 30, Box 14; provides Attachment 19: PEO DHMS Deployment Ordering Guide; and extends the closing date and time to April 21, 2026 at 4:00 PM Eastern Time. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. This update also provides Q&A (RFP_DeploymentSolutions_Q&A_2026.04.08). Q&A's, will be posted in phases based on the number of questions submitted. The deadline to submit questions, remains unchanged. Update 06 April 2026 : Attached Q&A (RFP_DeploymentSolutions_QA_2026.04.06). Q&A's, will be posted in phases based on the number of questions submitted. The deadline to submit questions, remains unchanged. The Defense Health Agency Contracting Activity (DHACA), on behalf of the Program Executive Office (PEO) Defense Healthcare Management Systems (DHMS), intends to issue a multiple award, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract for Deployment Solutions. Deployment Solutions is a non-personal services requirement to provide all services and materials necessary to support and execute the on-demand deployment of DHMS products, and related or supporting components, including site preparation, deployment, training, user adoption, change management, and post-installation support to ensure seamless integration and minimal disruption to existing healthcare systems. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number HT003826RE001 is issued as a request for proposal (RFP) for Deployment Solutions. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. See the solicitation for a description of Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs), option periods in support of the Performance Work Statement (PWS), and a list of provisions and contract clauses that apply to the acquisition. Instructions for Responding Solicitation questions must be submitted no later than April 9, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time to the Contract Specialist listed below. Include in the Subject Line the following: Company name and Deployment Solutions. Proposals must be submitted electronically via a secure online submission portal by April 15, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time. See 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items for specific instructions. Proprietary information may be submitted; however, respondents are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. If a submission is marked, it will be protected from disclosure outside of Government personnel, unless permission is granted for Government support contractors to view the material. The following companies and individual employees are bound contractually by Organizational Conflict of Interest and disclosure clauses with respect to proprietary information, and they will take all reasonable action necessary to preclude unauthorized use or disclosure of a respondent’s proprietary data. Responses MUST clearly state whether permission is granted allowing the support contractors identified below access to any proprietary information. Boston Consulting Group (BCG) Swing Tide Andrew Morgan Consulting, LLC Greenlight Analytic, LLC Monterey Consultants, INC This notice is for informational and market research purposes only. It does not constitute a formal Request for Proposal (RFP) and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or award a contract. The Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. All information submitted in response to this notice is voluntary, and the Government may or may not use the information to develop its acquisition strategy and final solicitation. Points of Contact: Contracting Officer: Joyce Elaine Pace-Reed, joyce.e.pace-reed.civ@health.mil Contract Specialist: Samantha DeLuca, dha.ncr.co.mbx.cd-dhms-contracting@health.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha DeLuca
  - Email: hailey.s.deluca.civ@health.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Joyce Elaine Pace-Reed
  - Email: joyce.e.pace-reed.civ@health.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: PEO DHMS Deployment Ordering Guide; and extends the closing date and time to April 21, 2026 at 4:00 PM Eastern Time. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. This update also provides Q&A (RFP_DeploymentSolutions_Q&A_2026.04.08). Q&A"s, will be posted in phases based on the number of questions submitted. The deadline to submit questions, remains unchanged. Update 06 April 2026 : Attached Q&A (RFP_DeploymentSolutions_QA_2026.04.06). Q&A"s, will be posted in phases based on the number of questions submitted. The deadline to submit questions, remains unchanged. The Defense Health Agency Contracting Activity (DHACA), on behalf of the Program Executive Office (PEO) Defense Healthcare Management Systems (DHMS), intends to issue a multiple award, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract for Deployment Solutions. Deployment Solutions is a non-personal services requirement to provide all services and materials necessary to support and execute the on-demand deployment of DHMS products, and related or supporting components, including site preparation, deployment, training, user adoption, change management, and post-installation support to ensure seamless integration and minimal disruption to existing healthcare systems. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number HT003826RE001 is issued as a request for proposal (RFP) for Deployment Solutions. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. See the solicitation for a description of Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs), option periods in support of the Performance Work Statement (PWS), and a list of provisions and contract clauses that apply to the acquisition. Instructions for Responding Solicitation questions must be submitted no later than April 9, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time to the Contract Specialist listed below. Include in the Subject Line the following: Company name and Deployment Solutions. Proposals must be submitted electronically via a secure online submission portal by April 15, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time. See 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items for specific instructions. Proprietary information may be submitted; however, respondents are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. If a submission is marked, it will be protected from disclosure outside of Government personnel, unless permission is granted for Government support contractors to view the material. The following companies and individual employees are bound contractually by Organizational Conflict of Interest and disclosure clauses with respect to proprietary information, and they will take all reasonable action necessary to preclude unauthorized use or disclosure of a respondent’s proprietary data. Responses MUST clearly state whether permission is granted allowing the support contractors identified below access to any proprietary information. Boston Consulting Group (BCG) Swing Tide Andrew Morgan Consulting, LLC Greenlight Analytic, LLC Monterey Consultants, INC This notice is for informational and market research purposes only. It does not constitute a formal Request for Proposal (RFP) and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or award a contract. The Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. All information submitted in response to this notice is voluntary, and the Government may or may not use the information to develop its acquisition strategy and final solicitation. Points of Contact: Contracting Officer: Joyce Elaine Pace-Reed, joyce.e.pace-reed.civ@health.mil Contract Specialist: Samantha DeLuca, dha.ncr.co.mbx.cd-dhms-contracting@health.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7388a4cb74d04e89a8f3c4fc100adb7a/view)