---
layout: default
title: 6515--Philips PIC iX Upgrade - Brand Name This is not a request for quotes
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: cdd7af4100284f109589dfc4b7ef2480
---

# 6515--Philips PIC iX Upgrade - Brand Name This is not a request for quotes

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 14:56:40.767-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426Q0332
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Statement of Need Philips Patient Information Center Ix 4 upgrade The Philadelphia VA has a new requirement for a brand name Philips Patient Information Center Ix 4 upgrade. This upgrade is essential because of its distinctive integration capabilities with our current infrastructure. As the exclusive manufacturer of the PIC Ix platform, Philips plays a vital role the Philadelphia VA Medical Center s patient monitoring and clinical informatics systems. The Philips PIC Ix 4 system allows for seamless integration with our existing Philips bedside monitors, telemetry systems, and centralized monitoring solutions. Consequently, the Philips PIC Ix 4 is required to guarantee compatibility, reduce risk, and ensure operational continuity. Philips Medical has introduced the newest version of its physiological monitoring software. The existing version will no longer be supported after December 31, 2025. To maintain safe and effective patient monitoring and connectivity, upgrading is crucial. This system enables the smooth transfer of patient data directly to the EMR from admission through discharge, including during transport. It is simply an updated version of the software currently used in the facility and is compatible with our existing equipment. Summary of the Requirement: Serial# Description Quantity Software Upgrade Patient Information Center iX Expand 866390 Patient Information Center iX Expand 866390_RV4 RV4 PIC iX Software Release 4 1 866390_UT4 UT4 B/C to 4 Entitlement UPG 1 866390_3T4 3T4 UPG 20N/30N/1XC NTP to 4 125 Servers 866424 PIC iX Hardware 866424_RV4 RV4 PIC iX 4.0 2 866424_NEW NEW Hardware or OS 2 866424_HVM HVM VMWare Server 2 PCs 866424 PIC iX Hardware 866424_RV4 RV4 PIC iX 4.0 17 866424_NEW New Hardware or OS 17 866424_HS1 HS1 PC Hardware with SSD 17 866424_HPS HPS Lithium Ion UPS Implementation Solutions 989803208501 HL7: Extra Domain to Interface Engine 1 989803208331 CSN: New Implementation 32-127 Beds 1 989803208681 Project Management Foundation 40 989805710138 Labor Instal/ De In-stall Equipment 40 989805710174 Labor Upgrade PIC iX, Per PC 17 989805710175 Labor Upgrade PIC iX, Per Server 2 989805700057 UPS Rack, PC, 6 Outlets, 500VA 1U 17 Clinical Education 989803216591 Clin Config & Imp 1 Standard Shift 3 989803216601 Clin Config & Imp 1 Overtime Shift 3 Specific Task: The contractor will provide unlimited emergency repair and call-back repair services to include parts, labor, travel and other materials for the following equipment. Facility Access: If the Contractor needs to send their employees to the site to deliver and/or install the equipment please contact the VA Medical Center, Bio-med department to schedule visits and installments. Delivery Instructions: The delivery address and shipment are as follows The Corporal Michael J. Crescenz Philadelphia VA Medical Center 3900 Woodland Ave. Philadelphia, PA 19104 Warehouse loading dock Hours of operations: 7:00 am 3:00 pm. Phone# 215-823-5800 ext. 20-2214. Other special requirements or situations The Contractor should be mindful of certain situations that could impact their ability to deliver the equipment or carry out the necessary installation or other required services. This may include vaccine requirements, TB testing results, and completion of mandatory training such as safety, privacy, and IT security that will be incorporated into the solicitation. REQUEST FOR INFORMATION INSTRUCTIONS: It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the required specifications mentioned above. Responses to this RFI should include company name, address, point of contact, phone number, and point of contact e-mail, UEI Number, Cage Code, size of business pursuant to North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) 339113 (size standard of 1000 employees). Please answer the following questions: Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? If not, can you provide additional information shown below. This is to confirm compliance with the non-manufacturer rule IAW 13 CFR 121.406(b) Nonmanufacturers. Does your company exceed 500 employees; Primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of item being supplied; Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice; Obtained an individual or class waiver? If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? Must have an authorized distributor letter from the original equipment manufacture. If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work and completion of job. Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. If you are an FSS GSA/NAC contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. Please submit your capabilities in regard to the salient characteristics detailed above and any information pertaining to equal to items to establish capabilities for planning purposes? Please review salient characteristics/statement of work (if applicable) and provide feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. Please provide your UEI number. This RFI will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received via e-mail to andrew.taylor@va.gov no later than, 12:00 PM Eastern Time (ET) on March 13, 2026. This notice will help the VA in determining available potential sources only. Do not contact VA Medical Center staff regarding this requirement, as they are not authorized to discuss this matter related to this procurement action. All questions will be addressed by the Contracting Officer, Andrew Taylor. Questions or responses will include the Source Sought number 36C24526Q0332 in the subject line. All firms responding to this Request for Information are advised that their response is not a request for proposal, therefore will not be considered for a contract award. Any interested business concern must submit a capability statement addressing its ability to meet the requirements listed above to capability statement shall include a statement regarding how the business concern is engaged in wholesale trade and normally sells the item being supplied and how the business concern will take ownership of the items being delivered. Vendors shall also provide certification, evidence that they are an authorized distributor of the Original Equipment Manufacturer. If a solicitation is issued, information will be posted on the SAM web site for all qualified interested parties at a later date and interested parties must respond to the solicitation to be considered for award. This notice does not commit the government to contract for any supplies or services. The government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Request for Information. Information will only be accepted in writing by e-mail to Contracting Officer at andrew.taylor3@va.gov include 36C24426Q0332 in the subject line. DISCLAIMER This RFI Notice of Intent is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. End of Document

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrew Taylor
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: andrew.taylor3@va.gov
  - Phone: 724-679-2327

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cdd7af4100284f109589dfc4b7ef2480/view)