---
layout: default
title: Dual Source Resistance Bridge
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3833f87df9a94b1aad7376cf962ca38b
---

# Dual Source Resistance Bridge

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 13:58:23.554-04
- Solicitation Number: 26E-036A-DC

## Summary

This is a request for information (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS. This request is not a solicitation (Request for Proposal or Request for Quotations) or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future. Responses to this notice are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the government to form a binding contract. The purpose of this request for information is in support of market research being conducted by the Air Force Metrology Calibration Program (AFMETCAL) to identify potential sources and gather information on current capabilities within the market. This synopsis is for planning purposes only and is NOT to be construed as a commitment by the Government nor will the Government pay for information solicited hereunder. All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the responding party's expense. The level of security clearance and amount of foreign participation in this requirement has not been determined. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked PROPRIETARY will be handled accordingly. Proprietary information will be safeguarded in accordance with the applicable Government regulations. Proprietary information or trade secrets should be clearly identified. If, after reviewing these documents, you desire to participate in the market research, you should provide documentation that supports your company's capability in meeting these requirements. Failure to provide documentation may result in the government being unable to adequately assess your capabilities. If you lack sufficient experience in a particular area, please provide details explaining how you would overcome the lack of experience/capabilities in order to perform that portion of the requirement (i.e., teaming, subcontracting, etc.) Both large and small businesses are encouraged to participate in this Market Research. Joint ventures or teaming arrangements are encouraged. Currently there are no funds available for this acquisition. The Air Force Metrology and Calibration Program is considering purchasing two (2) Dual Source High Resistance Bridges for use at the Air Force Primary Standards Laboratory (AFPSL). The design should be that of a Dual Arm Bridge (not an electometer). The Dual Source High Resistance Bridge will be used to measure resistor values in the range of 100 k? to 10 P? (Ohms) at Voltages from 1 to 1000 Volts DC. With and uncertainty 100 k? to 10 G? of 7ppm, 10 G? to 100 G? 12 ppm, 100 G? to 1 T? to 20 ppm, 1 T? to 10 T? to 100 ppm, 10 T? to 100 T? to 500 ppm, 100 T? to 1 P? to 1,500 ppm and 1 P? to 10 P? to 15,000 ppm. in an Operating temperature of 23 °C ± 5 °C. With Automatic and Manual Operation. The automation shall utilize a 10-Channel Coaxial Matrix High-Ohm Scanner to measure multiple resistors in an automated fashion. Interested vendors should submit a brief capability statement including company information (DUNS, CAGE, business size), relevant experience, and rough order of magnitude pricing. The NAICS code assigned to this acquisition is 334513 with a size standard of 750 employees. The total estimated quantity of 2 units over 1 year. Reconditioned, remanufactured, or used material is not acceptable for this item. Offerors responding to this sources sought market research notice must: (1) state whether you are a small or large business, if you are the manufacturer or provide the name of the manufacturer and size info of product you would be offering and the socioeconomic status and indicate small disadvantaged or woman-owned business, veteran owned, service disabled veteran owned, 8(a) historically black college or university or minority institution (HBCU/MI), or a historically underutilized business zone (HUBZone) (2) provide sales history including recent sales to commercial companies (3) advise if your product is a commercial item or if it will be modified; if not commercial at this time, will you be offering this item to the general public in the future. (4) advise if you have the item on a GSA schedule or other Government contract include front page of schedule and the page showing the part is on award (5) provide information concerning the technical capabilities of the product you are interested in offering, including commercial literature/brochures and warranty. Describe any awards you have been involved in that are the same as or similar to what is described in this RFI. Include any other pertinent information which would enable the government to assess your firm’s capabilities (6) advise if you accept the Government purchase card (7) Provide Point of Contact including: company/ institute name, address, phone number and email address (8) provide assigned Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code (9) Verify if your company/institute is listed in the System for Award Management (SAM) (10) State if your company is domestically or foreign owned (if foreign owned, please indicate the country of ownership) (11) Advise how much time you would need to submit a technical proposal if a solicitation is issued (12) provide an estimated price for one each, an estimated price for the total quantity and provide any price quantity discounts based on the total estimated quantity (13) include estimated delivery time for shipment. Ensure only .pdf, .doc or .xls documents are attached to your email. Submit all responses to the listed point of contact. If an email response is not possible, submit by FAX to 937-713-5841 or mail to 813 Irving-wick Dr W., Horton Building, Heath OH 43056-1199. Reference 26E-036A-DC in all correspondence. Responses are due by 05/01/2026 at 2:00pm ET or 1400 hours; however, early responses are encouraged. Point of Contact – Megan Moretti Contract Specialist, Phone 937-713-5845 Email:megan.moretti@us.af.mil. Point of Contact - Frank Capuano, Contract Specialist, Phone 937-713-5842 Email:frank.capuano@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Megan Moretti
  - Email: megan.moretti@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9377135845

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3833f87df9a94b1aad7376cf962ca38b/view)