---
layout: default
title: RPR Sewer & Power Plant Genset & ATS, MULTI
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: da0579188cd146d2aa6bff4dc0ac290c
---

# RPR Sewer & Power Plant Genset & ATS, MULTI

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 09:56:47.177-04
- Solicitation Number: FA557526B0002

## Summary

The United States Air Force intends to issue solicitation FA5575-26-B-0002 to solicit proposals for a Firm-Fixed Price contract to design and install an emergency generator with ATS and BP/IS to provide emergency power supply to the Base Power Plant located in Bldg #212, and to install an emergency generator with ATS and BP/IS enclosed in a new transformer vault to provide emergency power supply to the Sewage Treatment Plant located in Bldg #1215. The magnitude of construction for this project is estimated to be between $500,000 and $1,000,000 U.S. Dollars. The period of performance for this project is estimated at 730 calendar days. This requirement will be procured using RFO 14 and RFO 36, Sealed Bidding and Construction Contracts. The two-step sealed bidding method will be used. Step one of the two-step sealed bidding instructions will be available on SAM.gov on or after 4 May 2026. Only those offerors that have submitted an acceptable technical proposal will proceed to Step Two and will receive an invitation for bids (solicitation) with instructions. In accordance with the Agreement of Defense and Cooperation between the Kingdom of Spain and the United States of America, any contract resulting from this notice/solicitation can only be entered into with companies authorized to carry out these activities in Spain under Spanish law. Companies must meet the requirements established by Spanish legislation for execution of Government works. In addition, in accordance with the Agreement of Defense Cooperation between the U.S.A. and the Kingdom of Spain, Annex 6, Article 1 (3) "The contractors must meet the requirements established by Spanish legislation for execution of government works. A breach of contract on the part of a contractor shall have the same consequences for the contractor for purposes of future contracting with the Spanish government as would occur with a breach of a contract with the Spanish public administration." and (5) " Spanish material, labor, and equipment shall be used whenever feasible and consistent with the requirements". The work includes, but is not limited to: BUILDING #212 (Base Power Plant): 1. Provide a new permanent emergency generator with Automatic Transfer Switch (ATS) to provide emergency power to whole Building #212. 2. Remove electrical connections of existing permanent emergency generator and assist/co-ordinate with shops with removal/temporary genset connection if needed. 3. Provide and install new EPA-compliant electrical generator rated and located as indicated in project drawings and specifications. If needed, existing concrete slab for future generator shall be expanded or a new one constructed in a different location apart from the existing one. 4. Provide and install new 4-pole automatic transfer switch for automatic change-over from the electrical network to generator operation, that shall be located within existing electrical room of Base Power Plant building. 5. Provide and install new by-pass/isolation switch where required for by-pass maintenance capability, that shall be located within existing electrical room of Base Power Plant building. 6. Provide and install new service line, as well as ductbanks/manholes for connection of generator to building interior electrical installation. 7. Provide and install new Main Distribution Panel in power plant to replace existing combined Manual Transfer Switch + Main Distribution Panel. 8. Perform all necessary connections. 9. Provide adequate grounding to new generator. 10. Provide a red flashing beacon in exterior façade of Bldg #212 to indicate that the emergency power generation is on in the building. BUILDING #1216 (Sewage Treatment Plant): 11. Provide a new permanent emergency generator with Automatic Transfer Switch (ATS) to provide emergency power to whole Building #1215. 12. Remove electrical connections of existing permanent emergency generator and assist/co-ordinate with shops with removal/temporary genset connection if needed.. 13. Provide and install new high-voltage switchgear, new transformer, new low-voltage panelboard and accessories in a new concrete pre-manufactured utility vault. 14. Provide and install new EPA-compliant electrical generator rated and located as indicated in project drawings and specifications. If needed, existing concrete slab for future generator shall be expanded or a new one constructed in a different location apart from the existing one. 15. Provide and install new 4-pole automatic transfer switch for automatic change-over from the electrical network to generator operation, that shall be located within the new utility vault. 16. Provide and install new by-pass/isolation switch where required for by-pass maintenance capability, that shall be located within the new utility vault. 17. Provide and install new service line, as well as ductbanks/manholes for connection of generator to building interior electrical installation. 18. Perform all necessary connections. 19. Provide adequate grounding to new generator. 20. Provide a red flashing beacon in exterior façade of the new utility vault to indicate that the emergency power generation is on in the building. 21. Provide and install new underground high voltage distribution system to replace all existing overhead high voltage distribution system sections in the area, as well as ductbanks/manholes and splices for connection with existing sections of underground electrical distribution system. MISCELLANEOUS. 22. Testing and Commissioning. 23. Delivery of As-built drawings. 24. Delivery of Spatial Data.Provide a new permanent The certification requirements are as follows: CERTIFICATION OF CLASSIFICATION: Bidders and/or their subcontractors must hold an updated Certificate of Classification issued by the "Registro Oficial de Licitadores y Empresas Clasificadas del Estado", covering the following groups, subgroups, and categories. The certificate holder must execute the activities related to the certificate. GROUP SUBGROUP CATEGORY I 1 2 I 5 2 i 6 2 Other Requirements: Bidders or subcontractors, whoever is performing the actual electrical work must hold current certification for the installation of high voltage electrical installations not exceeding 30 kV, AT1, in accordance with ITC-RAT 21 from R.D. 337/2014, and must submit such certification along with his proposal. Also, a signed agreement between both parties, original or certified copy, must be submitted with the proposal. Additional requirements, such as A&E Design capabilities, schedule plan and past experience, will be detailed in Step one of the two-step sealed bidding instructions.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elia Portz
  - Email: elia.portz_cueli.1.es@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 34955848017
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tyler Seng
  - Email: tyler.seng@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Article 1 (3) "The contractors must meet the requirements established by Spanish legislation for execution of government works. A breach of contract on the part of a contractor shall have the same consequences for the contractor for purposes of future contracting with the Spanish government as would occur with a breach of a contract with the Spanish public administration." and (5) " Spanish material, labor, and equipment shall be used whenever feasible and consistent with the requirements". The work includes, but is not limited to: BUILDING #212 (Base Power Plant): 1. Provide a new permanent emergency generator with Automatic Transfer Switch (ATS) to provide emergency power to whole Building #212. 2. Remove electrical connections of existing permanent emergency generator and assist/co-ordinate with shops with removal/temporary genset connection if needed. 3. Provide and install new EPA-compliant electrical generator rated and located as indicated in project drawings and specifications. If needed, existing concrete slab for future generator shall be expanded or a new one constructed in a different location apart from the existing one. 4. Provide and install new 4-pole automatic transfer switch for automatic change-over from the electrical network to generator operation, that shall be located within existing electrical room of Base Power Plant building. 5. Provide and install new by-pass/isolation switch where required for by-pass maintenance capability, that shall be located within existing electrical room of Base Power Plant building. 6. Provide and install new service line, as well as ductbanks/manholes for connection of generator to building interior electrical installation. 7. Provide and install new Main Distribution Panel in power plant to replace existing combined Manual Transfer Switch + Main Distribution Panel. 8. Perform all necessary connections. 9. Provide adequate grounding to new generator. 10. Provide a red flashing beacon in exterior façade of Bldg #212 to indicate that the emergency power generation is on in the building. BUILDING #1216 (Sewage Treatment Plant): 11. Provide a new permanent emergency generator with Automatic Transfer Switch (ATS) to provide emergency power to whole Building #1215. 12. Remove electrical connections of existing permanent emergency generator and assist/co-ordinate with shops with removal/temporary genset connection if needed.. 13. Provide and install new high-voltage switchgear, new transformer, new low-voltage panelboard and accessories in a new concrete pre-manufactured utility vault. 14. Provide and install new EPA-compliant electrical generator rated and located as indicated in project drawings and specifications. If needed, existing concrete slab for future generator shall be expanded or a new one constructed in a different location apart from the existing one. 15. Provide and install new 4-pole automatic transfer switch for automatic change-over from the electrical network to generator operation, that shall be located within the new utility vault. 16. Provide and install new by-pass/isolation switch where required for by-pass maintenance capability, that shall be located within the new utility vault. 17. Provide and install new service line, as well as ductbanks/manholes for connection of generator to building interior electrical installation. 18. Perform all necessary connections. 19. Provide adequate grounding to new generator. 20. Provide a red flashing beacon in exterior façade of the new utility vault to indicate that the emergency power generation is on in the building. 21. Provide and install new underground high voltage distribution system to replace all existing overhead high voltage distribution system sections in the area, as well as ductbanks/manholes and splices for connection with existing sections of underground electrical distribution system. MISCELLANEOUS. 22. Testing and Commissioning. 23. Delivery of As-built drawings. 24. Delivery of Spatial Data.Provide a new permanent The certification requirements are as follows: CERTIFICATION OF CLASSIFICATION: Bidders and/or their subcontractors must hold an updated Certificate of Classification issued by the "Registro Oficial de Licitadores y Empresas Clasificadas del Estado", covering the following groups, subgroups, and categories. The certificate holder must execute the activities related to the certificate. GROUP SUBGROUP CATEGORY I 1 2 I 5 2 i 6 2 Other Requirements: Bidders or subcontractors, whoever is performing the actual electrical work must hold current certification for the installation of high voltage electrical installations not exceeding 30 kV, AT1, in accordance with ITC-RAT 21 from R.D. 337/2014, and must submit such certification along with his proposal. Also, a signed agreement between both parties, original or certified copy, must be submitted with the proposal. Additional requirements, such as A&E Design capabilities, schedule plan and past experience, will be detailed in Step one of the two-step sealed bidding instructions

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/da0579188cd146d2aa6bff4dc0ac290c/view)