---
layout: default
title: M1LZ--Providence Valet Parking Service New Contract
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: eb04fd22050642ddbddf2cb34197527e
---

# M1LZ--Providence Valet Parking Service New Contract

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 10:10:30.594-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0441
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Providence Veteran Affairs Medical Center Parking Service Page 21 of 32 Pre-Solicitation Notice for a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) contractor to provide a firm fixed contract with five, one-year option periods for valet parking services for the VA Providence Healthcare System. Below is the proposed performance work statement. The full solicitation will be posted on the System for Award Management (SAM) located at https://www.sam.gov on or about May 5th, 2026, as a SDVOSB Set-Aside. The applicable NAICS code is 812930 with a size standard of $47 Million. The PSC is M1LZ. All interested parties should register via the SAM portal at https://sam.gov to be eligible for participation in the solicitation. It is the responsibility of the offeror to monitor and download amendments from SAM which may be issued to this solicitation. Prospective firms must be registered in the system for award management (www.sam.gov) prior to award. **Funding has not yet been secured** PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT (PWS) DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Providence Veteran Affairs Medical Center Providence Veteran Affairs Medical Center Parking Service Date: April 23, 2026 CONTENTS

1.0 General INFORMATION 4

1.1 BACKGROUND 4

1.2 SCOPE OF WORK 4

1.3 Contractor REQUIREMENTS 5 1.3.1 Contractor Personnel 5 1.3.2 Contractor Employees and Conduct 5 1.3.3 Security Requirements 6 1.3.4 Employee Training & Licensure 7 1.3.5 Contractor Insurance and Liability 8

1.4 QUALITY CONTROL 9 1.4.1 Quality Control Plan 9 1.4.2 Records 10

1.5 Quality Assurance 10

1.6 PHYSICAL SECURITY 10

1.7 HOURS OF OPERATION 10 1.7.1 Normal Hours of Operation 10 1.7.2 Federal Holidays Listed below are the eleven national holidays: 11

2.0 DEFINITIONS AND ACRONYMS 11

2.1 DEFINITIONS 11

2.2 ACRONYMS 12

3.0 GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED PROPERTY & SERVICES 13

3.1 GOVERNMENT FURNISHED Real PROPERTY 13

3.2 GOVERNMENT FURNISHED Services 13

4.0 CONTRACTOR-FURNISHED ITEMS AND SERVICES 13

4.1 GENERAL INFORMATION 13

4.2 SPECIFIC ITEMS 14

5.0 SPECIFIC TASKS 14

5.1 GENERAL INFORMATION 14

5.2 Monthly status reports 14

5.3 PARKING services 15

6.0 ATTACHMENTS 17 GENERAL INFORMATION BACKGROUND The Providence VAMC - 830 Chalkstone Ave, Providence, RI 02908 - has a requirement for Parking Services due to the distance from parking lots to the main hospital. To increase patient satisfaction with our Medical Center; Parking Services are provided to assist the elderly and the frail with obtaining entrance to their healthcare as well as provide comfortable parking for their family members and visitors to hereby increase overall patient and guest satisfaction. SCOPE OF WORK The Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center (Providence, RI) has a requirement for Parking Services to alleviate the parking problems experienced by Veteran patients and patient visitors at the facility. This is due to distance of available parking in relation to the hospital Main entrance. The Contractor shall be completely liable and responsible for ticketing, securing keys, parking, delivery, and directing certain vehicles to and from the greeting area, for the period specified in accordance with all terms, conditions, schedules, provisions, and requirements of this performance work statement and contract. The Contractor will be required to assess the current VA parking situation and take into consideration all provided Government space and equipment as described herein. The Contractor shall operate from the hospital main entrance driveway where Contractor employees shall offer parking to veteran patients who show patient identification and for patient visitors. The parking lot (Lot P3) is located west of buildings 2 and 3 and the parking lot (Lot P2) located west of the parking garage will be used for parking. There is an estimated 200 spaces and all parking areas are ground level there is no tiered parking. This area is used for some self-parked vehicles (including employees) on a first-come first-serve basis. A designated area for approximately 100 plus spaces will be identified for use exclusively for parking. The Contractor needs to park and/or aid in parking to veteran patients and patient visitors, five days per week between the hours of 07:00 to 17:00 EST. The Contractor will be in control of where all vehicles are parked in order to maximize the space available and facilitate smooth operations. All attendant parked vehicles will be locked and secured. Driver s keys will be appropriately secured at the booth. Contractor shall be responsible for any lost keys and damage caused by their employees, to any of the vehicles as further defined herein. It is the Contractor s responsibility to screen out employees, volunteers, and vendors from using the parking services. Contractor shall be responsible to direct vehicles, which may be self- parked to a parking location on premises. The Contractor shall be responsible for parking control and monitoring designated parking area(s). In the event of any emergency or if an individual requires assistance (i.e. injured or stranded persons) the Contractor shall immediately notify the VA Police of the situation. Upon award, the Contractor shall be required to implement their proposed plan and carry it out on a day-to- day basis for the duration of the contract. The Contractor shall have thirty (30) calendar days after this contract is awarded in which to set up operations, finalize staff requirements (including Government-administered background investigations), etc. At the end of this thirty (30) day period, at the latest, full operations are to begin. Period of performance for the base year is 1 October 2026 through 30 September 2027. The Contracting Officer may schedule a post-award performance conference with the Contractor, if deemed necessary, for contract orientation purposes. CONTRACTOR REQUIREMENTS Contractor Personnel Project Manager. The Contractor must provide a project manager who is responsible for the performance of the work. The name of this person, and an alternate(s) who must act for the Contractor when the manager is absent, must be designated in writing to the Contracting Officer. The project manager or alternate must have full authority to act for the Contractor on all contract matters relating to daily operation of this contract. The project manager or alternate must be available during normal business hours within 30 minutes to meet with Government personnel (designated by the Contracting Officer) to discuss problem areas. After normal business hours, the manager or alternate must be available within four hours. The project manager and alternate(s) must be able to read, write, speak, and understand English. On-Site Supervisor. The Contractor shall provide adequate on-site supervision at all times. The on-site supervisor is responsible for all on-site personnel employed by the Contractor. The name of this person, and an alternate(s) who must act for the Contractor when the supervisor is absent, must be designated in writing to the Contracting Officer. The supervisor and alternate(s) must be able to read, write, speak, and understand English. Parking Attendant. The Contractor shall provide adequate number of personnel to ensure compliance with the contract and performance requirements summary. The parking attendants must be able to read, write, speak, and understand English. Contractor Employees and Conduct The Contractor must not employ persons for work on this contract if such employee is considered by the Contracting Officer to be a potential threat to the health, safety, security, general well-being, or operational mission of the installation and its population. The Contractor must not employ any person who is an employee of the U.S. Government if employing that person would create a conflict of interest. Contractor personnel must present a neat appearance and be easily recognized as Contractor employees. See Section

4.2 Contractor Furnished Items- Specific Items for uniform requirements. Smoking is not permitted within or around the VA facility grounds. Cell phone use shall not be permitted while parking vehicles or during scheduled work hours. Contractor's employees are restricted from accepting tips of any kind. The Contractor agrees to permanently remove any member of its parking staff from performing work associated with this contract, if at the sole discretion of the VA, the employee poses a health and safety risk to any patient or individual requiring services or if the COR disapproves of the conduct due to interferences with the business or operation of the Providence VA Medical Center. Contractor shall ensure that all parking staff performing under this contract complied with the VA Medical Center alcohol and drug free workplace policy. The Contractor shall be expected to conduct random alcohol and drug tests on all parking staff. Random alcohol and drug tests shall be conducted at least once a year on each employee performing under the resulting contract. Parking staff shall also be subject to drug and alcohol testing when reasons exist to suspect the use of illegal drugs and/or alcohol while on duty that impaired judgment, performance, operation of vehicles and the safety of Veteran patients, VA employees, visitors, voluntaries and/or other parking staff. Upon request, the Contractor shall be expected to provide evidence or copy of the results of employee drug and alcohol testing. Security Requirements The Office of Security and Law Enforcement provides Department-wide policy on the assignment of appropriate position sensitivity designations associated with Department of Veterans Affairs positions involving national security and public trust responsibilities, and on the level of background investigations required for applicants for, and incumbents of, those positions. In addition to VA employees, the policy and investigative requirements shall be applicable to Contractor personnel, in accordance with HSPD-12, FIPS 201, VA & VHA 0710 series documents. The COR shall facilitate the background check process for the Contractor and Contractor Employee. A Contractor Employee shall not perform any contract work (except for any other required orientation and training that does not require access to a VA computer system) until fingerprinting is completed by the local Human Resources Management Service. Fingerprinting should take place on the first day that a Contractor Employee enters on duty. If the Special Agency Check (SAC) identifies potentially actionable issues in connection with a Contractor Employee and it is determined that the Contractor Employee needs to be removed, the Contracting Officer shall notify the Contractor and the Contractor shall immediately remove that Employee from contract work. The removal of the Employee shall not excuse any failure to meet contract requirements. The cost for such investigation shall be borne by the Contractor, either in advance or as reimbursement to the Government. The level of sensitivity shall be determined by the Government on the basis of the type of access required. The level of sensitivity shall determine the depth of the investigation and the cost thereof. The level of screening for this contract is: Special Agency Check (SAC). At this time, the current estimated cost for such investigations is as follows: LEVEL OF SENSITIVITY BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION LEVEL APPROXIMATE COST SAC Special Agreement Check $24.00 Low Risk National Agency Check with Written Inquiries $210.00 Moderate Risk Minimum Background Investigation $750.00 High Risk Background Investigation $3,150.00 The Contractor shall be required to furnish all applicable employee information required to conduct the investigation, such as, but not limited to, the name, address, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and social security number of Contractor personnel. The VA shall provide all the necessary instructions and guidance for submission of the documents required to conduct the background investigation. High risk background investigations may not be required for Contractor personnel who will not be required to access VA computer systems nor gain access to sensitive materials. Employee Training & Licensure The VA Medical center will provide orientation training on VA policies and procedures. All parking attendants shall be required to attend a facility orientation program on fire and safety, health, HIPPA, Disaster procedures, reporting, Contractor appearance and emergency procedures on a mutually agreed date. The initial training will be scheduled at a post award meeting to be conducted on a mutually agreeable date. Training for parking attendants hired thereafter will conduct within 30 days following issuance of the VA Medical Center identification badge. (Note: The 30-day rules apply to all Parking Attendants hired after initial implementation of the program.) All contracted parking attendants must possess and maintain a valid driver s license from the employee s state of residence, be a U.S. citizen, and speak fluent English. The Contractor is responsible for ensuring Contractor employees providing work under this procurement are fully trained and completely competent to perform the work. The Contractor must provide the COR with copies of all training documents which establishes the attendant s competence to perform the required duties at the VA Medical Center. Notwithstanding other contract requirements, upon request of the Contracting Officer, the Contractor will remove any Contractor employee who does not comply with the requirements of this procurement, including orientation requirements and/or meeting competency requirements for the work being performed. The Contractor is required to provide customer service training to Contractor employees providing services under this procurement. Contractor Insurance and Liability Contractor shall be required to provide and maintain insurance on all services and employees who will be providing services under this procurement. Insurance shall include but not be limited to the minimum amounts stated in this solicitation in accordance with the FAR regulations including FAR 52.228-5, Insurance-Work on a Government installation, and VAAR 852.228-71, Indemnification and Insurance. Supplemental insurance requirements are as follows: General Liability (Any Auto): $500,000 per occurrences. Automobile Liability: $200,000 per person; $500,000 per occurrences for bodily injury and $20,000 per occurrence for property damage. Workers compensation and employer s liability: Contractors are required to comply with applicable Federal and State worker s compensation and occupational disease statutes. Anticipated amount is $100,000 Workers Compensation, Each Accident and Each Employee and $500,000 Workers Compensation Disease- Policy Limit or maximum allowed for the services being performed by law. Employer s liability coverage of at least $100,000 shall be required, except in States with exclusive or monopolistic funds that do not permit workers compensation to be written by private carriers. The Contractor must provide the Contracting Officer insurance certificate(s) evidencing the required minimum coverage s prior to commencing work under this contract. The Department of Veterans Affairs shall also be named as an additional insured on the above and the insurance must be maintained during the entire performance of the contract. The policy to provide that the VAMC will be notified at least thirty (30) days prior to any cancellation or reduction of coverage. As noted herein, the Contractor shall be held responsible for any and all claims or damages caused during the performance of the Contractor s services. Any claims or damages or missing/stolen property involving customers vehicles will be the responsibility of the Contractor. The VA assumes no responsibility for any damage to the patron s vehicles caused during the performance of the Contractor s services or for any such claims. All contract employees must be covered by fidelity bonding. Contractor shall be held completely responsible for lost keys and any costs associated with the same. All customer claims shall be directed to and handled by the supervising Contractor who will immediately notify the COR Corrective actions to resolve all claims shall commence immediately. All claims shall be settled within fourteen (14) working days unless extenuating circumstances warrant additional time and is authorized by the Contracting Officer. Failure to do so may result in the withholding of payments. QUALITY CONTROL The Contractor shall be responsible for complying with all appropriate regulations and guidelines of the Joint Commission (JC), Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), Department of Transportation, and/or any other pertinent federal, state, and local policies relating to the herein mentioned work or Parking Services, as well as the requirements set forth elsewhere in this contract. The Contractor shall provide adequate on-site supervision at all times in order to achieve quality assurance and to handle all customer concerns and parking incidents. Quality Control Plan The Contractor must provide a quality control plan to the Contracting Officer for acceptance not later than the pre-performance conference. The Contracting Officer will notify the Contractor of acceptance or required modifications to the plan before the contract start date. The Contractor must make appropriate modifications and obtain acceptance of the plan by the Contracting Officer before the contract start date. The plan must include: a. A description of the inspection system to cover all services listed on the Performance Requirements Summary (PRS). The description must include specifics as to the requirements to be inspected on both a scheduled and unscheduled basis, as well as frequency of inspections to ensure contract compliance. Additionally, control procedures for keys must be included. b. A description of the methods to be used for identifying and preventing defects in the quality of service performed. c. A description of the records to be kept to document inspections and corrective or preventive actions taken. Records The records of inspections must be kept and made available to the Contracting Officer, when requested, throughout the contract performance period and for the period after contract completion until final settlement of any claims under this contract. QUALITY ASSURANCE The Government will evaluate the Contractor s performance under this contract. For those tasks listed on the PRS (Technical Exhibit 1), the Contracting Officer s representative (COR) will follow the methods of surveillance specified in Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP). Government personnel will record all surveillance observations. When an observation indicates defective performance, the COR will require the project manager or representative at the site to initial the observation. The initialing of the observation does not necessarily constitute concurrence with the observation, only acknowledgment that he or she has been made aware of the defective performance. Government surveillance of tasks not listed in the PRS or by methods other than those listed in the PRS may occur during the performance period of this contract. Such surveillance will be done according to standard inspection procedures or other contract provisions. Any action taken by the Contracting Officer as a result of surveillance will be in accordance with the terms of this contract. PHYSICAL SECURITY The Contractor must be responsible for safeguarding all property provided to the Contractor. At the end of each work period, all property, equipment, and materials must be secured. The Contractor must establish and implement methods of making sure all keys issued to the Contractor are not lost or misplaced and are not used by unauthorized persons. The Contractor must immediately report to the COR or Contracting Officer any occurrences of lost keys. The Contractor must prohibit the use of keys by any persons other than the Contractor s employees or owners. Opening of locked areas by Contractor employees to permit entrance of persons other than Contractor employees engaged in performance of contract work requirements in those areas is prohibited HOURS OF OPERATION Normal Hours of Operation Hours of operation are 07:00 to 17:00, EST Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Holidays and any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a Federal Holiday. If deemed necessary by the Government, through contract modification, the hours of operation may be periodically adjusted based upon volume and demand. Federal Holidays Listed below are the eleven national holidays: New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19th Independence Day July 4 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 When a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as a legal holiday by U.S. Government agencies. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday shall be observed as a legal holiday by U.S. Government agencies. Also included would be any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States as a National Holiday. DEFINITIONS AND ACRONYMS DEFINITIONS Contractor. A supplier or vendor having a contract to provide specific supplies or service to the Government. The term used in this document refers to the prime. Contracting Officer. A person with authority to enter into, administer, and/or terminate contracts, and make related determinations and findings on behalf of the Government. The only individual who can legally bind the Government. Contracting Officer's Representative. An employee of the U.S. Government appointed by the Contracting Officer to administer the contract. Such appointment must be in writing and must state the scope of authority and limitations. This individual has authority to provide technical direction to the Contractor as long as that direction is within the scope of the contract, does not constitute a change, and has no funding implications. This individual does NOT have authority to change the terms and conditions of the contract. Defective Performance. A service output that does not meet the standard of performance associated with the Performance Work Statement. Deliverable. Anything that can be physically delivered but may include non-physical things such as meeting minutes. Physical Security. Actions that prevent the loss or damage of Government property. Quality Assurance. The Government procedures to verify that services being performed by the Contractor are performed according to acceptable standards. Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan. An organized written document specifying the surveillance methodology to be used for surveillance of Contractor performance. Quality Control. All necessary measures taken by the Contractor to assure that the quality of an end product or service must meet contract requirements. Parking Services: Refers to all services performed by the Contractor under this agreement. Customers are greeted by parking attendants, and the keys to customer vehicles are delivered to the attendant (except for those vehicles they deem appropriate for self-parking. See 5.3.1(a) Parking Check-in). ACRONYMS CO Contracting Officer COR Contracting Officer s Representative GFE Government Furnished Equipment GFP Government Furnished Property HIPPA Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act JC The Joint Commission OSHA Occupational Safety and Health Act PRS Performance Requirements Summary PVAMC Providence Veteran Affair s Medical Center PWS Performance Work Statement QASP Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan SAC Special Agency Check VA Veteran Affair s GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED PROPERTY & SERVICES GOVERNMENT FURNISHED REAL PROPERTY Government property has been inspected for compliance with the Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA). No hazards have been identified for which workarounds have been established. Should a hazard be subsequently identified, the Government will correct OSHA hazards according to Government developed and approved plans of abatement considering safety and health priorities. The fact that no such conditions have been identified does not warrant or guarantee that no possible hazard exists, or that work-around procedures will not be necessary or that the property as furnished will be adequate to meet the responsibilities of the Contractor. Compliance with the OSHA and other applicable laws and regulations for the protection of employees is exclusively the obligation of the Contractor. Further, the Government will assume no liability or responsibility for the Contractor s compliance or noncompliance with such requirements. No alterations to the property must be made without specific written permission from the Contracting Officer. In the case of alterations necessary for compliance with the OSHA, such permission must not be unreasonably withheld. The Contractor must return the property to the Government in the same condition as received, fair wear and tear and approved modifications excepted. The property must only be used in performance of this contract. Contractor assigned work areas include: Parking Area Parking Booth Provided Assigned Parking Lots - Lot P2, Lot P3 The Government will provide suitable storage area near the Main Hospital Entrance area for signs, wheelchair, etc., to meet daily operational needs. Any Government equipment furnished which is damaged or lost will be replaced by the Contractor to the satisfaction of the VA at no additional cost to the Government. All VA furnished equipment must be returned to the COR in good condition as issued prior to the release of the final payment. GOVERNMENT FURNISHED SERVICES The Government will provide electrical power to the booth for Contractor s use. CONTRACTOR-FURNISHED ITEMS AND SERVICES GENERAL INFORMATION Except for those items or services specifically stated in section 3 as Government furnished, the Contractor must furnish everything needed to perform this contract according to all its terms. SPECIFIC ITEMS The Contractor will provide a locking key cabinet(s) and ticket dispenser(s) to be located in the Government provided parking area as required. Exact location of the Contractor's cabinet(s) and/or booth shall be approved by the COR. The Contractor will furnish and install all signs and supplies required for operations, for example: 3-way claim check, two-way radios if needed to communicate between its own personnel. The Contractor will provide a walkie-talkie (or similar device) to be used for communication between the Contractor and the Police Dept. Contractor shall furnish any other communication devices necessary to communicate between their own personnel, as well as, one for the VA police to allow the police to monitor activity as required. Contractor shall also provide all cones, operational supplies, or other miscellaneous items necessary to facilitate parking. All such supplies shall be approved by the COR prior to commencement of services. The Contractor shall provide required signs that will clearly identify the purpose of the services for the VA patients. Signs shall be easy to read and look professional. Hand-written signs are not allowed. The COR must approve signs prior to posting for use. The parking signs shall be set up each morning of operation and removed at the end of the day. A "NO TIPPING" sign will be furnished and installed by the Contractor. The Contractor will provide uniforms to all personnel working under this contract. Uniforms will include the identification of the Contractor by company name and Employee name. Uniforms will be cleaned and pressed and will be worn at all times during performance of contract duties. All uniform types and styles must be approved by the COR and the Contractor at the Pre-orientation meeting. SPECIFIC TASKS GENERAL INFORMATION The Contractor must provide all management, labor, and supervision necessary to provide parking service operations. In executing the requirements of this PWS, the Contractor must satisfy the performance requirements included in this PWS and the requirements set forth in the Performance Requirements Summary PRS (Technical Exhibit 1). MONTHLY STATUS REPORTS The Contractor s Project Manager must provide a written Monthly Status Report to the COR by the fifth day of each month covering the previous months work. Any format is acceptable, however, the report must address, as a minimum, the following: (1) number of vehicles parked per day(daily tracking summary); (2) number of vehicles parked by parking attendants based on date and time(hourly tracking); (3) outline of peak hours (by highest number of parking requests) identifying the hour period in which it occurred per weekday (M-F) and total cars parked during that time; (4) Number of first time patient visitors. (4) incidents, accidents, or special situations encountered while performing this work; (5) status or resolution of item (4); (6) problems or constraints encountered while performing this work (not involving incidents, accidents or situations encountered in item(4); (7) suggested solutions to problems or constraints encountered; and (8) status of open items from previous report. Reports must be legible and easy to understand. Reports should be signed by the Supervisor and/or authorized representative of the Contractor. Contractor may provide for approval a sample of the types of report forms used on similar projects. PARKING SERVICES The Contractor shall provide a sufficient number of staff in order to meet the needs of the VA and the requirements of the contract. The Contractor shall be notified in advance of any special events which might cause parking problems due to many visitors to the Medical Center 5.3.1 Parking Check-in \ Check-out Attendants Park vehicles for patients with appointments and patient visitors, except for those vehicles whose patients/patients; caretakers request self-parking and buses or large vans. Stop vehicles requiring parking by the Contractor s employee designated as a greeter, who will ask the driver for patient identification (VA Patient Data Card with photo) and the estimated time of departure. If an individual is a first-time patient and therefore Patient Identification Card has not been issued, services will be provided to these individuals. However, Contractor shall maintain a record on the number of individuals who were identified as first-time patients. Provide a claim check to the driver of the parked vehicle. Politely refuse parking to VA employees, VA volunteers, Contractors and /or vendors. Retrieve vehicle at the request of the vehicle owner within a timely manner. 5.3.2 Parking Control Monitor parking and vehicles in the designated parking lots assigned to the operation. Lock and secure all vehicles parked by the Contractor s parking attendants. Respond to alerts or emergencies, by helping injured or stranded people in emergency activity by the VA Police immediately. Manage and control vehicles entering the designated parking area(s) to maximize space available and facilitate smooth operations. Permit patients driving buses or large vans to park their own vehicles in the area deemed to be most convenient and practical to the parking operations. Drive slowly and cautiously, paying attention to pedestrian traffic. 5.3.3 Key Control Drivers keys shall be secured at the parking booth. At the end of each workday, turn over any keys of any vehicles still on the premises after parking services hours to the VA Police Dispatch Office located in Building 1, Room...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Roy
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: David.Roy@va.gov
  - Phone: 603-493-8640

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , the Contracting Officer s representative (COR) will follow the methods of surveillance specified in Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP). Government personnel will record all surveillance observations. When an observation indicates defective performance, the COR will require the project manager or representative at the site to initial the observation. The initialing of the observation does not necessarily constitute concurrence with the observation, only acknowledgment that he or she has been made aware of the defective performance. Government surveillance of tasks not listed in the PRS or by methods other than those listed in the PRS may occur during the performance period of this contract. Such surveillance will be done according to standard inspection procedures or other contract provisions. Any action taken by the Contracting Officer as a result of surveillance will be in accordance with the terms of this contract. PHYSICAL SECURITY The Contractor must be responsible for safeguarding all property provided to the Contractor. At the end of each work period, all property, equipment, and materials must be secured. The Contractor must establish and implement methods of making sure all keys issued to the Contractor are not lost or misplaced and are not used by unauthorized persons. The Contractor must immediately report to the COR or Contracting Officer any occurrences of lost keys. The Contractor must prohibit the use of keys by any persons other than the Contractor s employees or owners. Opening of locked areas by Contractor employees to permit entrance of persons other than Contractor employees engaged in performance of contract work requirements in those areas is prohibited HOURS OF OPERATION Normal Hours of Operation Hours of operation are 07:00 to 17:00, EST Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Holidays and any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a Federal Holiday. If deemed necessary by the Government, through contract modification, the hours of operation may be periodically adjusted based upon volume and demand. Federal Holidays Listed below are the eleven national holidays: New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19th Independence Day July 4 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 When a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as a legal holiday by U.S. Government agencies. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday shall be observed as a legal holiday by U.S. Government agencies. Also included would be any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States as a National Holiday. DEFINITIONS AND ACRONYMS DEFINITIONS Contractor. A supplier or vendor having a contract to provide specific supplies or service to the Government. The term used in this document refers to the prime. Contracting Officer. A person with authority to enter into, administer, and/or terminate contracts, and make related determinations and findings on behalf of the Government. The only individual who can legally bind the Government. Contracting Officer"s Representative. An employee of the U.S. Government appointed by the Contracting Officer to administer the contract. Such appointment must be in writing and must state the scope of authority and limitations. This individual has authority to provide technical direction to the Contractor as long as that direction is within the scope of the contract, does not constitute a change, and has no funding implications. This individual does NOT have authority to change the terms and conditions of the contract. Defective Performance. A service output that does not meet the standard of performance associated with the Performance Work Statement. Deliverable. Anything that can be physically delivered but may include non-physical things such as meeting minutes. Physical Security. Actions that prevent the loss or damage of Government property. Quality Assurance. The Government procedures to verify that services being performed by the Contractor are performed according to acceptable standards. Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan. An organized written document specifying the surveillance methodology to be used for surveillance of Contractor performance. Quality Control. All necessary measures taken by the Contractor to assure that the quality of an end product or service must meet contract requirements. Parking Services: Refers to all services performed by the Contractor under this agreement. Customers are greeted by parking attendants, and the keys to customer vehicles are delivered to the attendant (except for those vehicles they deem appropriate for self-parking. See 5.3.1(a) Parking Check-in). ACRONYMS CO Contracting Officer COR Contracting Officer s Representative GFE Government Furnished Equipment GFP Government Furnished Property HIPPA Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act JC The Joint Commission OSHA Occupational Safety and Health Act PRS Performance Requirements Summary PVAMC Providence Veteran Affair s Medical Center PWS Performance Work Statement QASP Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan SAC Special Agency Check VA Veteran Affair s GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED PROPERTY & SERVICES GOVERNMENT FURNISHED REAL PROPERTY Government property has been inspected for compliance with the Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA). No hazards have been identified for which workarounds have been established. Should a hazard be subsequently identified, the Government will correct OSHA hazards according to Government developed and approved plans of abatement considering safety and health priorities. The fact that no such conditions have been identified does not warrant or guarantee that no possible hazard exists, or that work-around procedures will not be necessary or that the property as furnished will be adequate to meet the responsibilities of the Contractor. Compliance with the OSHA and other applicable laws and regulations for the protection of employees is exclusively the obligation of the Contractor. Further, the Government will assume no liability or responsibility for the Contractor s compliance or noncompliance with such requirements. No alterations to the property must be made without specific written permission from the Contracting Officer. In the case of alterations necessary for compliance with the OSHA, such permission must not be unreasonably withheld. The Contractor must return the property to the Government in the same condition as received, fair wear and tear and approved modifications excepted. The property must only be used in performance of this contract. Contractor assigned work areas include: Parking Area Parking Booth Provided Assigned Parking Lots - Lot P2, Lot P3 The Government will provide suitable storage area near the Main Hospital Entrance area for signs, wheelchair, etc., to meet daily operational needs. Any Government equipment furnished which is damaged or lost will be replaced by the Contractor to the satisfaction of the VA at no additional cost to the Government. All VA furnished equipment must be returned to the COR in good condition as issued prior to the release of the final payment. GOVERNMENT FURNISHED SERVICES The Government will provide electrical power to the booth for Contractor s use. CONTRACTOR-FURNISHED ITEMS AND SERVICES GENERAL INFORMATION Except for those items or services specifically stated in section 3 as Government furnished, the Contractor must furnish everything needed to perform this contract according to all its terms. SPECIFIC ITEMS The Contractor will provide a locking key cabinet(s) and ticket dispenser(s) to be located in the Government provided parking area as required. Exact location of the Contractor"s cabinet(s) and/or booth shall be approved by the COR. The Contractor will furnish and install all signs and supplies required for operations, for example: 3-way claim check, two-way radios if needed to communicate between its own personnel. The Contractor will provide a walkie-talkie (or similar device) to be used for communication between the Contractor and the Police Dept. Contractor shall furnish any other communication devices necessary to communicate between their own personnel, as well as, one for the VA police to allow the police to monitor activity as required. Contractor shall also provide all cones, operational supplies, or other miscellaneous items necessary to facilitate parking. All such supplies shall be approved by the COR prior to commencement of services. The Contractor shall provide required signs that will clearly identify the purpose of the services for the VA patients. Signs shall be easy to read and look professional. Hand-written signs are not allowed. The COR must approve signs prior to posting for use. The parking signs shall be set up each morning of operation and removed at the end of the day. A "NO TIPPING" sign will be furnished and installed by the Contractor. The Contractor will provide uniforms to all personnel working under this contract. Uniforms will include the identification of the Contractor by company name and Employee name. Uniforms will be cleaned and pressed and will be worn at all times during performance of contract duties. All uniform types and styles must be approved by the COR and the Contractor at the Pre-orientation meeting. SPECIFIC TASKS GENERAL INFORMATION The Contractor must provide all management, labor, and supervision necessary to provide parking service operations. In executing the requirements of this PWS, the Contractor must satisfy the performance requirements included in this PWS and the requirements set forth in the Performance Requirements Summary PRS (Technical Exhibit 1). MONTHLY STATUS REPORTS The Contractor s Project Manager must provide a written Monthly Status Report to the COR by the fifth day of each month covering the previous months work. Any format is acceptable, however, the report must address, as a minimum, the following: (1) number of vehicles parked per day(daily tracking summary); (2) number of vehicles parked by parking attendants based on date and time(hourly tracking); (3) outline of peak hours (by highest number of parking requests) identifying the hour period in which it occurred per weekday (M-F) and total cars parked during that time; (4) Number of first time patient visitors. (4) incidents, accidents, or special situations encountered while performing this work; (5) status or resolution of item (4); (6) problems or constraints encountered while performing this work (not involving incidents, accidents or situations encountered in item(4); (7) suggested solutions to problems or constraints encountered; and (8) status of open items from previous report. Reports must be legible and easy to understand. Reports should be signed by the Supervisor and/or authorized representative of the Contractor. Contractor may provide for approval a sample of the types of report forms used on similar projects. PARKING SERVICES The Contractor shall provide a sufficient number of staff in order to meet the needs of the VA and the requirements of the contract. The Contractor shall be notified in advance of any special events which might cause parking problems due to many visitors to the Medical Center 5.3.1 Parking Check-in \ Check-out Attendants Park vehicles for patients with appointments and patient visitors, except for those vehicles whose patients/patients; caretakers request self-parking and buses or large vans. Stop vehicles requiring parking by the Contractor s employee designated as a greeter, who will ask the driver for patient identification (VA Patient Data Card with photo) and the estimated time of departure. If an individual is a first-time patient and therefore Patient Identification Card has not been issued, services will be provided to these individuals. However, Contractor shall maintain a record on the number of individuals who were identified as first-time patients. Provide a claim check to the driver of the parked vehicle. Politely refuse parking to VA employees, VA volunteers, Contractors and /or vendors. Retrieve vehicle at the request of the vehicle owner within a timely manner. 5.3.2 Parking Control Monitor parking and vehicles in the designated parking lots assigned to the operation. Lock and secure all vehicles parked by the Contractor s parking attendants. Respond to alerts or emergencies, by helping injured or stranded people in emergency activity by the VA Police immediately. Manage and control vehicles entering the designated parking area(s) to maximize space available and facilitate smooth operations. Permit patients driving buses or large vans to park their own vehicles in the area deemed to be most convenient and practical to the parking operations. Drive slowly and cautiously, paying attention to pedestrian traffic. 5.3.3 Key Control Drivers keys shall be secured at the parking booth. At the end of each workday, turn over any keys of any vehicles still on the premises after parking services hours to the VA Police Dispatch Office located in Building 1, Room

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/eb04fd22050642ddbddf2cb34197527e/view)