---
layout: default
title: S205--EMS Waste Disposal - Base Year + 4 Option Years
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1c2adf4a93ec42edaa460c5c05b99729
---

# S205--EMS Waste Disposal - Base Year + 4 Option Years

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 13:22:14.605-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0311
- Awardee: null

## Summary

*= Required Field Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 1 of 17 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation 36C25926Q0311 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through FY26.04A 01/30/2026, FAC 2025-06 10/01/2025. No telephone requests will be accepted. Only written requests received directly from the offeror are acceptable. The associated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 562111 - Solid Waste Collection, with a small business size standard of $47 million. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES (SDVOSBs). The following is a list of the contract line-item numbers, quantities and units of measure. CLIN DESCRIPTION QTY UNIT UNIT COST TOTAL COST 0001 BASE Yr: 04/01/2026 - 03/31/2027 Solid Waste Management/Disposal 12 MONTHS $__________ $__________ 0002 OY1: 04/01/2027 - 03/31/2028 Solid Waste Management/Disposal 12 MONTHS $__________ $__________ 0003 OY2: 04/01/2028 - 03/31/2029 Solid Waste Management/Disposal 12 MONTHS $__________ $__________ 0004 OY3: 04/01/2029 - 03/31/2030 Solid Waste Management/Disposal 12 MONTHS $__________ $__________ 0005 OY4: 04/01/2030 - 03/31/2031 Solid Waste Management/Disposal 12 MONTHS $__________ $__________ TOTAL COST ALL CLINS: $___________________ Solid Waste Removal Statement of Work Oklahoma City VA Health Care System GENERAL: Furnish all labor, supervision, materials, and equipment necessary to accomplish complete removal of general waste/trash from the Oklahoma City VA Health Care System. Hazardous waste removal is not included in this contract. General waste is 60-70 Tons per month; recyclable is 8-10 tons per month on average. WORK HOURS: Normal Work Hours: The service schedule will be developed between the contractor and Contractor Officer Representative (COR) prior to any service being performed. Generally, work will be performed prior to the start of the Medical Centers workday so that trucks and pickups will not interfere with the facility's functions. Pick Up Schedule: Leased compactor and open top containers will be serviced (pickup and return) on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. The VA owned compactor used for cardboard disposal will be serviced on Friday. National Holidays: The ten holidays observed by the Federal Government are: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King's Birthday, President's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veteran's Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day and any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a national holiday. SPECIFICATIONS: The pick-up schedule will be closely adhered to prevent inconsistent and unnecessary call-ins. Additional charges will not be imposed for call-ins resulting from inconsistent dumping which are not in accordance with contract requirements. The contractor shall assume full responsibility for compliance with all Federal, State, City and County laws, rules and regulations governing removal of waste materials. Contractor shall steam and disinfect the leased trash compactor/dumpsters located at 921 NE 13th Street with a VA approved germicide. This equipment shall be cleaned and disinfected at the contractor's facility on a semi-annual basis or more frequently if warranted. Contractor shall provide all transportation of all compactors/dumpsters requiring proper equipment to transport. The leased containers shall be kept neat in appearance, repaired and painted when warranted (i.e. appearance of rust spots, stains, excessively chipped areas, etc.) and replaced immediately if broken or non-functional. The container owned by the VA will be maintained (repaired/painted) at the expense of the VA. Extra pickups due to excess trash generated at the facility will be charged at regular pick price set by the contract. The VA estimates no more than 7 additional pickups (per container) during a given 12 month "period of performance" timeframe. The contractor shall furnish the necessary metal containers as follows: one (1) 34 Yard Compactor, and one (1) 20 Yard Open Top Container. The containers shall be of such a design that the material can be dumped into them with the containers on or off docks. The COR or designee will indicate the specific location for the containers in each area. The VA reserves the right to relocate the containers when deemed necessary. 7. The contractor shall service the VA owned 20 Cubic Yard compactor used for VA cardboard recycling purposes only. The Contractor is not allowed to receive credit for or monies from this tum-in as all proceeds go to the Oklahoma City VA Medical Center. The contractor shall empty and return the compactor every Friday of each month and will take the recyclable cardboard to: Smurfit Kappa 7216 South Bryant Ave Oklahoma City OK 73129 Phone: (405)672-1695 Container dumps will be spot checked and verified by the COR or his/her designee. Residual trash around the containers shall be removed by the contractor and the area "broom cleaned" as needed. No trash is to remain around the dumpster sites. CALL BACKS: Emergency Call Backs: The Contractor shall within two hours after receipt of notification by the Contracting Officer or his/her designee, respond to a call back for repair or replacement of any container. This call back service shall be accomplished at no additional charge to the Government. Non-Emergent Calls: Contractor shall report within mutually agreed upon time (not to exceed 48 hours) with Contracting Officer Representative (COR) for non-scheduled services without additional charge to the Government. This is not related to the 7 additional unscheduled pickups as per contract line items. An example of a "Non-Emergent Call" such as if a container needs to be relocated due to a Construction requirement. QUALITY ASSURANCE: The Government will investigate complaints from the Oklahoma City VA Health Care System. All information received will be provided either verbally and/or in writing to the contractor for appropriate action. REQUIRED REPORTING: The contractor is responsible for supplying, completing and submitting all reports required or requested by Federal, State or local ordinances, which pertain to any duties contained in the contract. The Contractor will furnish the COR's office, prior to initial application the trade names (if any), and the chemical names of all chemicals utilized to clean the containers along with - Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS). These chemicals must be approved by the COR prior to use. The Contractor shall supply this information as new products are submitted for approval to the COR. CONTRACTOR PERSONNELBADGES AND PARKING: The contractor shall provide the COTR with a list of contractor employees expected to enter the buildings to pick up confidential documents. While on VA premises, all contractor personnel shall comply with the rules, regulations, and procedures governing the conduct of personnel and the operation of the facility. An access badge will be given to the contractor's employee upon entrance into VA buildings. The contractor employee must safeguard the access badge and immediately report any lost, stolen, or destroyed badges to the COTR. All contract personnel must properly display their access badges. Access badges must be worn at or above the waist (facing forward.). The contractor's employees must return the access badge(s) to the COTR or designee at the end of each pick up process. The contractor shall be required to comply with all security policies/requirements of (your facility). All security policies/requirements must be met, and employees cleared prior to the contractor performing work under this contract. Employees that cannot meet the security and clearance requirements shall not be allowed to perform work under this contract. It is the responsibility of the contractor's personnel to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Parking information shall be coordinated with each facility COR. The Oklahoma City VA Health Care System does not validate or make reimbursement for parking violations of the contractor's personnel under any circumstances. *= Required Field Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice INTERFERENCE TO NORMAL FUNCTION: Contractor may be required to interrupt their work at any time so as not to interfere with the normal functioning of the facility patients, equipment and carts. In the event of an emergency, contractor services may be stopped and rescheduled at no additional cost to the government. Contractor personnel shall inform the COR or the designee of the need to gain access to secured areas. If access is required to secure areas, prearranged scheduling will be made with COR or designee. Container Service Requirement Listing: Building 1 34 Cubic Yard Compactor 3 Days a week: Monday, Wednesday, & Friday Building 1 20 Cubic Yard Compactor 3 Days a week: Monday, Wednesday, & Friday Building 1 20 Cubic Yard Compactor Once per week: Friday The provision at FAR 52.212-1, INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS -- COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023), applies to this acquisition with the following addendum: FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management (NOV 2024); FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (AUG 2020); FAR 52.216-1, Type of Contract (APR 1984): The government anticipates the awarding of a single firm-fixed price definitized contract to fulfill this requirement. The provision at FAR 52.212-2, EVALUATION -- COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2021), applies to this acquisition. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Contract award will be made based on the solicitation response that represents the best value to the Government using a Contracting Officer s Comparative Analysis. Since the Contracting Officer is considering price and other factors, the CO may award to other than the lowest-priced offer. The information below explains the evaluation approach: The Contracting Officer will make a comparative analysis of all offers against the solicitation, using the following factors to decide which offer(s) represent the best value to the Government: Factor 1: Technical Ability The offer shall be evaluated on the conformance to the requirements listed in the Statement of Work. The offeror shall submit a technical narrative, that describes the means and methods of successfully performing all work detailed in the SOW, to include the personnel being proposed to perform the work. Narrative should demonstrate that offeror possesses a clear understanding of the requirements in the SOW. Any training certifications for the repair of said equipment should be provided with quote. Factor 2: Past Performance Offeror shall provide no more than three references of relatively the same size and complexity. References shall include the following information for each contract: Name and address of contracting activity (company name), contract number, type of contract, total contract amount, and status, date of award and completion, description and location of contract work, list of major subcontractors if any, Contracting Officer or individual responsible for signing the contract, and their telephone and fax number, and the COR s/Primary POC s name, telephone and fax numbers. References that do not include all requested information will not be considered. Offerors may provide information on problems encountered on identified contracts and the offeror s corrective action. Searches in CPARS (Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System), as well as Past Performance Questionnaires may be utilized. Factor 3: Price Offerors shall provide one copy of the fully completed Price Schedule in the format listed above. Proposed prices will be evaluated for realism and reasonableness. Factor 4: Subcontracting Compliance Offerors shall comply with this factor by including one completed copy of VAAR 852.219-75, the VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction with the Technical portion of their response. Offerors must also include the following information in writing: Whether subcontractor(s) will be used to complete any portion of the contract, and what portion of the work will be performed by said subcontractor(s). Applicable NAICS and size standard for subcontractor(s) The Comparative Analysis method will be used to evaluate offers. Offers will be evaluated to determine which offer provides the overall best value to the Government, all factors considered. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) A completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (MAY 2024) shall be submitted with the offer. The clause at FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Services (NOV 2023), applies to this acquisition, with the following addendum: FAR 52.204-9, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (JAN 2011); FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018); FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (AUG 2020); FAR 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6Â months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within fifteen (15) days of the expiration date of the current contract period. For the purposes of the award of this Contract, the Government intends to evaluate the option to extend services under FAR 52.217-8 as follows: The evaluation will consider the possibility that the option can be exercised at any time, and can be exercised in increments of one to six months, but not for more than a total of six months during the life of the contract.Â The evaluation will assume that the prices for any option exercised under FAR 52.217-8 will be at the same rates as those in effect under the contract at the time the option is exercised.Â The evaluation will therefore assume that the addition of the price or prices of any possible extension or extensions under FAR 52.217-8 to the total price for the basic requirement and the total price for the priced options has the same effect on the total price of all quotes relative to each other, and will not affect the ranking of quotes based on price, unless, after reviewing the quotes, the Government determines that there is a basis for finding otherwise.Â This evaluation will not obligate the Government to exercise any option under FAR 52.217-8. The `specified' rates under this clause will be those rates in effect under the contract each time an option is exercised under this clause. (End of clause) FAR 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 30 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed five (5) years. (End of Clause) FAR 52.223-6 RESERVED FAR 52.228-5 Insurance Work On A Government Installation (JAN 1997); CL 120 - Supplemental Insurance Requirements: In accordance with FAR 28.307-2 and FAR 52.228-5, the following minimum coverage shall apply to this contract: (a) Workers' compensation and employers liability: Contractors are required to comply with applicable Federal and State workers' compensation and occupational disease statutes. If occupational diseases are not compensable under those statutes, they shall be covered under the employer's liability section of the insurance policy, except when contract operations are so commingled with a Contractor's commercial operations that it would not be practical to require this coverage. Employer's liability coverage of at least $100,000 is required, except in States with exclusive or monopolistic funds that do not permit workers' compensation to be written by private carriers. (b) General Liability: $500,000.00 per occurrences. (c) Automobile liability: $200,000.00 per person; $500,000.00 per occurrence and $20,000.00 property damage. (d) The successful bidder must present to the Contracting Officer, prior to award, evidence of general liability insurance without any exclusionary clauses for asbestos that would void the general liability coverage. (End of Clause) 52.232-19Â Availability Of Funds For The Next Fiscal YearÂ (APR 1984) Funds are not presently available for performance under this contract beyond SEPTEMBER 30TH OF ANY FISCAL YEAR. The Government s obligation for performance of this contract beyond that date is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise for performance under this contract beyond SEPTEMBER 30TH OF ANY FISCAL YEAR, until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for performance and until the Contractor receives notice of availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer. (End of Clause) FAR 52.237-2, Protection of government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (APR 1984); FAR 52.237-3, Continuity of Services (JAN 1991); VAAR 852.203-70, Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); VAAR 852.219-73 VA Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside. (NOV 2022); (a)Â Definition.Â for the Department of Veterans Affairs, Service-disabled Veteran-owned small business concern or SDVOSB : (1) Means a small business concern - (i) Not less than 51 percent of which is owned by one or more service-disabled Veterans or, in the case of any publicly owned business, not less than 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more service-disabled Veterans or eligible surviving spouses (see VAAR802.101, Surviving Spouse definition); (ii) The management and daily business operations of which are controlled by one or more service-disabled Veterans (or eligible surviving spouses) or, in the case of a service-disabled Veteran with permanent and severe disability, the spouse or permanent caregiver of such Veteran; (iii) The business meets Federal small business size standards for the applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code identified in the solicitation document; (iv) The business has been verified for ownership and control pursuant to 38 CFR part 74 and is listed in VA's Vendor Information Pages (VIP) database atÂ https://www.vetbiz.va.gov/vip/;Â and (v) The business will comply with VAAR subpartÂ 819.70Â and Small Business Administration (SBA) regulations regarding small business size and government contracting programs at 13 CFR parts 121 and 125, provided that any reference therein to a service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern or SDVO SBC, is to be construed to apply to a VA verified and VIP-listed SDVOSB, unless otherwise stated in this clause. (2) The term Service-disabled Veteran means a Veteran, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(2), with a disability that is service-connected, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(16). (3) The term small business concern has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (4) The term small business concern owned and controlled by Veterans with service-connected disabilities has the meaning given the term small business concern owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans Â under section 3(q)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(2)), except that for a VA contract the firm must be listed in the VIP database (see paragraph (a)(1)(iv) of this clause). (b)Â General. (1) Offers are solicited only from VIP-listed SDVOSBs. Offers received from entities that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs at the time of offer shall not be considered. (2) Any award resulting from this solicitation shall be made to a VIP-listed SDVOSB who is eligible at the time of submission of offer(s) and at the time of award. (3) The requirements in this clause apply to any contract, order or subcontract where the firm receives a benefit or preference from its designation as an SDVOSB, including set-asides, sole source awards, and evaluation preferences. (c)Â Representation.Â Pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8127(e), only VIP-listed SDVOSBs are considered eligible to receive award of a resulting contract. By submitting an offer, the prospective contractor represents that it is an eligible SDVOSB as defined in this clause, 38 CFR part 74, and VAAR subpartÂ 819.70. (d)Â Agreement.Â When awarded a contract action, including orders under multiple-award contracts, an SDVOSB agrees that in the performance of the contract, the SDVOSB shall comply with requirements in VAAR subpartÂ 819.70Â and SBA regulations on small business size and government contracting programs at 13 CFR part 121 and part 125, including the non-manufacturer rule and limitations on subcontracting requirements in 13 CFR 121.406(b) and 13 CFR 125.6. Unless otherwise stated in this clause, a requirement in 13 CFR parts 121 and 125 that applies to an SDVO SBC, is to be construed to also apply to a VIP-listed SDVOSB. For the purpose of limitations on subcontracting, only VIP-listed SDVOSBs (including independent contractors) shall be considered eligible and/or similarly situated (i.e.,Â a firm that has the same small business program status as the prime contractor). An otherwise eligible firm further agrees to comply with the required certification requirements in this solicitation (see 852.219-75 or 852.219-76 as applicable). These requirements are summarized as follows: (1)Â Services.Â In the case of a contract for services (except construction), the SDVOSB prime contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to the prime for contract performance to firms that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs (excluding direct costs to the extent they are not the principal purpose of the acquisition and the SDVOSB/VOSB does not provide the service, such as airline travel, cloud computing services, or mass media purchases). When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract (2)Â Supplies/products. (i) In the case of a contract for supplies or products (other than from a non-manufacturer of such supplies), the SDVOSB prime contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to the prime for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to firms that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs. When a contract includes both supply and services, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the supply portion of the contract. (ii) In the case of a contract for supplies from a non-manufacturer, the SDVOSB prime contractor will supply the product of a domestic small business manufacturer or processor, unless a waiver as described in 13 CFR 121.406(b)(5) has been granted. Refer to 13 CRF 125.6(a)(2)(ii) for guidance pertaining to multiple item procurements. (3)Â General construction.Â In the case of a contract for general construction, the SDVOSB prime contractor will not pay more than 85% of the amount paid by the government to the prime for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to firms that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs. (4)Â Special trade construction contractors.Â In the case of a contract for special trade contractors, no more than 75% of the amount paid by the government to the prime for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, may be paid to firms that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs. (5)Â Subcontracting.Â An SDVOSB must meet the NAICS size standard assigned by the prime contractor and be listed in VIP to count as similarly situated. Any work that a first tier VIP-listed SDVOSB subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the percent of subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. For supply or construction contracts, the cost of materials is excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the portion of the contract with the preponderance of the expenditure upon which the assigned NAICS is based. For information and more specific requirements, refer to 13 CFR 125.6. (e)Â Required limitations on subcontracting compliance measurement period.Â An SDVOSB shall comply with the limitations on subcontracting as follows: [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] __By the end of the base term of the contract or order, and then by the end of each subsequent option period; or __By the end of the performance period for each order issued under the contract. (f)Â Joint ventures.Â A joint venture may be considered eligible as an SDVOSB if the joint venture is listed in VIP and complies with the requirements in 13 CFR 125.18(b), provided that any requirement therein that applies to an SDVO SBC is to be construed to apply to a VIP-listed SDVOSB. A joint venture agrees that, in the performance of the contract, the applicable percentage specified in paragraph (d) of this clause will be performed by the aggregate of the joint venture participants. (g)Â Precedence.Â The VA Veterans First Contracting Program, as defined in VAAR 802.101, subpartÂ 819.70, and this clause, takes precedence over any inconsistencies between the requirements of the SBA Program for SDVO SBCs, and the VA Veterans First Contracting Program. (h)Â Misrepresentation.Â Pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8127(g), any business concern, including all its principals, that is determined by VA to have willfully and intentionally misrepresented a company's SDVOSB status is subject to debarment from contracting with the Department for a period of not less than five years (see VAAR 809.406-2 Causes for Debarment). (End of clause) VAAR 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (MAY 2020) VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction (NOV 2022) (a) Pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8127(k)(2), the offeror certifies that - (1) If awarded a contract (see FAR 2.101 definition), it will comply with the limitations on subcontracting requirement as provided in the solicitation and the resultant contract, as follows: [Contracting Officer check [X] the appropriate box below based on the predominant NAICS code assigned to the instant acquisition as set forth in FAR 19.102.] (i) XÂ Services.Â In the case of a contract for services (except construction), the contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs as set forth in 852.219-73 or VOSBs as set forth in 852.219-74. Any work that a similarly situated VIP-listed subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Other direct costs may be excluded to the extent they are not the principal purpose of the acquisition and small business concerns do not provide the service as set forth in 13 CFR 125.6. (ii)Â General construction.Â In the case of a contract for general construction, the contractor will not pay more than 85% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs as set forth in 852.219-73or VOSBs as set forth in 852.219-74. Any work that a similarly situated VIP-listed subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 85% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Cost of materials are excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. (iii)Â Special trade construction contractors.Â In the case of a contract for special trade contractors, the contractor will not pay more than 75% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs as set forth in 852.219-73 or VOSBs as set forth in 852.219-74. Any work that a similarly situated subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 75% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Cost of materials are excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. (2) The offeror acknowledges that this certification concerns a matter within the jurisdiction of an Agency of the United States. The offeror further acknowledges that this certification is subject to Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001, and, as such, a false, fictitious, or fraudulent certification may render the offeror subject to criminal, civil, or administrative penalties, including prosecution. (3) If VA determines that an SDVOSB/VOSB awarded a contract pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 8127 did not act in good faith, such SDVOSB/VOSB shall be subject to any or all of the following: (i) Referral to the VA Suspension and Debarment Committee; (ii) A fine under section 16(g)(1) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 645(g)(1)); and (iii) Prosecution for violating section 1001 of title 18. (b) The offeror represents and understands that by submission of its offer and award of a contract it may be required to provide copies of documents or records to VA that VA may review to determine whether the offeror complied with the limitations on subcontracting requirement specified in the contract. Contracting officers may, at their discretion, require the contractor to demonstrate its compliance with the limitations on subcontracting at any time during performance and upon completion of a contract if the information regarding such compliance is not already available to the contracting officer. Evidence of compliance includes, but is not limited to, invoices, copies of subcontracts, or a list of the value of tasks performed. (c) The offeror further agrees to cooperate fully and make available any documents or records as may be required to enable VA to determine compliance with the limitations on subcontracting requirement. The offeror understands that failure to provide documents as requested by VA may result in remedial action as the Government deems appropriate. (d) Offeror completed certification/fill-in required. The formal certification must b...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shanta Harrison
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Shanta.Harrison@va.gov
  - Phone: (303) 712-5719

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1c2adf4a93ec42edaa460c5c05b99729/view