---
layout: default
title: Solicitation US Army Operational Evaluation Command, Base Test Support Services Follow-on
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 0e9756aa1a55495e8cff32283ca1a81e
---

# Solicitation US Army Operational Evaluation Command, Base Test Support Services Follow-on

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 09:46:52.746-04
- Solicitation Number: W51EW726RA004

## Summary

**********************START OF 31 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** Amendment 0002 is attached herein and has been posted to the PIEE solicitation module. RFP close date is unchanged, 08 Apr 2026, 4:30 PM EDT. **************************END OF 31 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF 30 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** Due to a systems error preventing release of Amendment 0002 (A0002), the DRAFT A0002 document is attached herein for review by potential Offerors. The final A0002 will be issued and posted to sam.gov and the PIEE Solicitation Module upon resolution within the Army's contract writing system (timeframe for resolution is unknown), with the only change from the DRAFT A0002 being the Effective Date at Block 3. The RFP close date will remain unchanged, 4:30 PM EDT, 08 Apr 2026. Your patience is appreciated. Please continue to monitor sam.gov for updates. **************************END OF 30 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF 27 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** Due to errors contained within Amendment 0001 regarding L.3.1.3 instructions, the Government will issue Amendment 0002 before/by 4:30 EDT 30 Mar 2026 to correct/clarify L.3.1.3. The previously posted Q7 Q&A response is N/A and the pending amendment (0002) will clarify L.3.1.3 as follows: L.3.1.3 Subfactor Three: Sample Test, Sample Task Order Proposal (TOP) The Offeror shall provide a complete TOP in accordance with CDRL A003* and the elements below, for the Sample Task Order as provided at RFP Attachment 2 (A2). *Offerors shall note, the TOP proposed at Volume I shall include the job position/labor category and man hours required at CDRL A003 16.4(a), but all proposed costs required under 16.4 shall be included in Volume III, as applicable (i. e., within the Offeror's cost narrative and A4 Pricing Matrix). TOP Attachments subject to Volume I (i.e., cover letter, technical approach via Power Point) may be addressed within the Offeror’s Technical / Mission Capability proposal (i.e., within the 60-page limit of Volume I), but said Attachments are authorized up to an additional fifteen (15) pages beyond the page limitations at L.2.3, with no further exclusions. As stated, Cost Attachments are required for submission under Volume III. The RFP close date will remain unchanged, 4:30 PM EDT, 08 Apr 2026. **************************END OF 27 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF SECOND 24 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** Amendment 0001 and applicable amended solicitation Attachments (1 and 4) are attached herein and have been posted to the PIEE solicitation module. RFP close date is unchanged, 08 Apr 2026, 4:30 PM EDT. **************************END OF SECOND 24 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF 24 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** The RFP Q&A is posted complete/final with this update. No further potential Offeror questions will be addressed. Offerors/all parties are reminded terms and conditions remain unchanged until they are formally amended to W51EW726RA004. Accordingly, Amendment 0001 is anticipated for issue by COB today, 24 Mar 2026, but no later than COB 25 Mar 2026. The amendment will NOT include any extension to the proposal response date and time as solicited, 08 Apr 2026, 4:30 PM EDT. **************************END OF 24 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF 20 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** All potential Offeror questions/comments received via RFP L.1.4 are anticipated for Government response posting by 24 Mar 2026. Any amendment actions stemming from the Q&A (or Government clarifcation otherwise) will be combined into a single amendment, targeted for issue no later than 25 Mar 2026. The amendment will NOT include any extension to the proposal response date and time as solicited, 08 Apr 2026, 4:30 PM EDT. Please continue to monitor sam.gov and this opportunity accordingly. **************************END OF 20 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF 13 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** In accordance with RFP L.1.4, potential Offeror submitted questions and Government responses received to date are available at the attached "W51EW726RA004_QandA_posted as of 13Mar2026" Excel file. As noted in the file, there are responses that indicate a pending RFP amendment action, however, Offerors/all parties are reminded terms and conditions remain unchanged until they are formally amended to W51EW726RA004. That said, Amendment 0001 is anticipated for release the week of 16 Mar 2026. Please continue to monitor sam.gov and this opportunity accordingly. **************************END OF 13 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ The solicitation package for Base Test Support Services (BTSS) Follow-on support to the Operational Evaluation Command (OEC) is available at the Solicitation Module of the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE), https://piee.eb.mil/ for Offeror proposal action and sam.gov herein for reference. The solicitation will result in an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), Cost Plus Fixed-Fee (CPFF) contract for all labor services, to include a Firm Fixed-Price (FFP) contract line-item number (CLIN) for the one (1) month Phase-in period, with cost reimbursable CLINs for Other Direct Costs (ODCs)/Travel and Contractor Acquired Property (CAP). FAR 52.217-8 will be included in the contract. The BTSS Follow-on awardee shall provide continued contractor services necessary to support the OEC mission to include management, administration, supervision, logistics, vehicle and equipment maintenance, motor pool functions, and supply warehouse functions to support operational field test events. On an intermittent assignment basis, the Contractor shall perform operational and customer testing, data collection, and logistical support for other Department of War (DoW) activities and other OEC organizations both within the Continental United States (CONUS) and Outside the Continental United States (OCONUS) as identified in individual task authorizations for operational testing missions.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Avangela Ligons-Sutton
  - Email: avangela.y.ligons-sutton.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ingrid Smith
  - Email: ingrid.v.smith.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: (A2). *Offerors shall note, the TOP proposed at Volume I shall include the job position/labor category and man hours required at CDRL A003 16.4(a), but all proposed costs required under 16.4 shall be included in Volume III, as applicable (i. e., within the Offeror"s cost narrative and A4 Pricing Matrix). TOP Attachments subject to Volume I (i.e., cover letter, technical approach via Power Point) may be addressed within the Offeror’s Technical / Mission Capability proposal (i.e., within the 60-page limit of Volume I), but said Attachments are authorized up to an additional fifteen (15) pages beyond the page limitations at L.2.3, with no further exclusions. As stated, Cost Attachments are required for submission under Volume III. The RFP close date will remain unchanged, 4:30 PM EDT, 08 Apr 2026. **************************END OF 27 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF SECOND 24 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** Amendment 0001 and applicable amended solicitation Attachments (1 and 4) are attached herein and have been posted to the PIEE solicitation module. RFP close date is unchanged, 08 Apr 2026, 4:30 PM EDT. **************************END OF SECOND 24 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF 24 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** The RFP Q&A is posted complete/final with this update. No further potential Offeror questions will be addressed. Offerors/all parties are reminded terms and conditions remain unchanged until they are formally amended to W51EW726RA004. Accordingly, Amendment 0001 is anticipated for issue by COB today, 24 Mar 2026, but no later than COB 25 Mar 2026. The amendment will NOT include any extension to the proposal response date and time as solicited, 08 Apr 2026, 4:30 PM EDT. **************************END OF 24 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF 20 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** All potential Offeror questions/comments received via RFP L.1.4 are anticipated for Government response posting by 24 Mar 2026. Any amendment actions stemming from the Q&A (or Government clarifcation otherwise) will be combined into a single amendment, targeted for issue no later than 25 Mar 2026. The amendment will NOT include any extension to the proposal response date and time as solicited, 08 Apr 2026, 4:30 PM EDT. Please continue to monitor sam.gov and this opportunity accordingly. **************************END OF 20 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ **********************START OF 13 MAR 2026 UPDATE*************************** In accordance with RFP L.1.4, potential Offeror submitted questions and Government responses received to date are available at the attached "W51EW726RA004_QandA_posted as of 13Mar2026" Excel file. As noted in the file, there are responses that indicate a pending RFP amendment action, however, Offerors/all parties are reminded terms and conditions remain unchanged until they are formally amended to W51EW726RA004. That said, Amendment 0001 is anticipated for release the week of 16 Mar 2026. Please continue to monitor sam.gov and this opportunity accordingly. **************************END OF 13 MAR 2026 UPDATE************************ The solicitation package for Base Test Support Services (BTSS) Follow-on support to the Operational Evaluation Command (OEC) is available at the Solicitation Module of the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE), https://piee.eb.mil/ for Offeror proposal action and sam.gov herein for reference. The solicitation will result in an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), Cost Plus Fixed-Fee (CPFF) contract for all labor services, to include a Firm Fixed-Price (FFP) contract line-item number (CLIN) for the one (1) month Phase-in period, with cost reimbursable CLINs for Other Direct Costs (ODCs)/Travel and Contractor Acquired Property (CAP). FAR 52.217-8 will be included in the contract. The BTSS Follow-on awardee shall provide continued contractor services necessary to support the OEC mission to include management, administration, supervision, logistics, vehicle and equipment maintenance, motor pool functions, and supply warehouse functions to support operational field test events. On an intermittent assignment basis, the Contractor shall perform operational and customer testing, data collection, and logistical support for other Department of War (DoW) activities and other OEC organizations both within the Continental United States (CONUS) and Outside the Continental United States (OCONUS) as identified in individual task authorizations for operational testing missions

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0e9756aa1a55495e8cff32283ca1a81e/view)