---
layout: default
title: Brand Name Only Ingersoll-Rand Air Compressor System, w/ Install
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 5f8c6776364042248bdbe8534b59c346
---

# Brand Name Only Ingersoll-Rand Air Compressor System, w/ Install

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 13:56:15.126-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC26Q9747

## Summary

SUBJECT: Request for Quote (RFQ) for Rock Island Arsenal-Joint Manufacturing & Technology Center INTRODUCTION: The U.S. Army Contracting Command – Rock Island (ACC-RI) has a requirement for procurement of Supply and Installation Brand Name Only Ingersoll-Rand Air Compressor, Air Dryer, Oil-Water Separator STATEMENT OF REQUIREMENT SOLICITATION TYPE: REQUEST FOR QUOTATION (RFQ) SOLICITATION REFERENCE NUMBER: W519TC26Q9747 COMMERICAL: SUPPLY METHOD: COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION Simplified Acquisition Procedure using a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. TYPE: FIRM FIXED PRICE SET ASIDE: None NAICS Code: 333912, Air and Gas Compressor Manufacturing Product or Service Code (PSC): 4130, 4440, 4330 ISSUED BY: W519TC ARMY CONTRACTING COMMAND - ROCK ISLAND 3055 RODMAN AVE, ROCK ISLAND IL 61299 DATE ISSUED: 4/6/2026 DATE OFFERS DUE: 4/9/2026 TIME OFFERS DUE: 12:00 PM CDT DESCRIPTION: This requirement will require the contractor to supply and install an air compressor to the Rock Island Arsenal-Joint Manufacturing & Technology Center (RIA-JMTC). This will be tied into existing air compressors at RIA-JMTC. The system will include an air compressor, air dryer, oil-water separator and any other components or materials necessary for operation. The system will compress, dry and supply air to multiple buildings at JMTC. Proposal must identify the manufacture and model number of the equipment being offered. Proposal must include a minimum warranty of one-year parts and labor and will begin upon final acceptance. CLIN0001: Air Compressor, Quantity: 1 Provide Published Data: Each contractor shall provide a brochure, catalog, or published data describing the equipment offered. (See attached purchase description for exact details) To be included on CLIN 0001: Proposal must include installation, Start-up/Commissioning and Training to be coordinated with Technical Point of Contact. CLIN0002: Air Dryer Quantity: 1 Provide Published Data: Each contractor shall provide a brochure, catalog, or published data describing the equipment offered. (See attached purchase description for exact details) CLIN0003: Oil-Water Separator, Quantity: 1 Provide Published Data: Each contractor shall provide a brochure, catalog, or published data describing the equipment offered. (See attached purchase description for exact details) See Attachment 0001 Purchase Description. See Attachment 0002 Pricing. (to be filled out and submitted) See Attachment 0003 Clauses. DODAAC / CAGE: W52H1B DELIVERY ADDRESS: Rock Island Arsenal-JMTC TRANSPORTATION OFFICER BLDG 299 GILLESPIE AV AND BECK LANE ROCK ISLAND, IL, 61299-5000 INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE TERMS: INSPECT AT /BY: DESTINATION-GOVERNMENT ACCEPT AT/BY: DESTINATION-GOVERNMENT DELIVERY INFORMATION: FOB DESTINATION INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: Email Electronic Quote Submission: Andrea Jones, Contract Specialist, andrea.jones36.civ@army.mil Email Subject Line: “Quote for (W519TC26Q9747) – COMPANY NAME”. Quote Submission must include: Attachment 0001 Purchase Description and Attachment 0002 Pricing Attachment 0002 Pricing: Shall be filled out and completed in its entirety. Please ensure that your company is providing the best pricing, including any discounts and shipping FOB Destination McAlester, Oklahoma. • All green cells shall be completed. • Quote Valid/Expires – no less than 30 days Submission Due Date. The offeror must ensure its quote, in its entirety, reaches the required destination before the date and time set for Date and Time Offerors as identified above. Late Proposals. The lateness rules for submitted quotes are outlined in FAR 52.212-1 "Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services," and are incorporated into this solicitation. Submission. The quote submitted in response to this solicitation shall be formatted as indicated above and furnished electronically to the Contract Specialist (CS) identified. Quote Compliance. The Government must have received from the offeror a fully compliant quote. The quote is compliant when it conforms to all the requirements, terms, and conditions of the solicitation, including the Purchase Description or SOW /PWS. Quote Acceptance. The contractor shall make a clear statement in the quote as to the expiration date of the quote and the stated expiration date shall be valid for all proposed subcontractors as well. FAR 52.212-1(c) Period for acceptance of offers. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. This date may be extended by mutual agreement. QUOTE FORMAT: This section provides guidance to the offeror for preparing a quote in response to the solicitation. The offeror’s quote shall include all data and information required by this solicitation and submitted in accordance with these instructions. Any contract resulting from this effort shall be required to meet United States Government regulations and statutory requirements. In addition, the offeror is expected to ensure compliance with all laws, regulations, standards, and any other constraints specifically identified in the solicitation. The quote submitted in response to the solicitation shall be formatted as stated below and furnished as stated herein. The acceptable electronic formats for quotes shall be compatible with MS Office, specifically MS Word and MS Excel and Adobe PDF. Minimum type size shall be 12-point Time New Roman standard font with single spacing. All quotes shall be labeled with listed solicitation or reference number identified, attachments, Offeror SAM Active Cage Code and UEI, Offeror Contact Information: name, address, telephone number and email address. Offerors shall scan all files for computer viruses prior to submission to the Government. Quotes may not include classified information. All quotes shall be at the UNCLASSIFIED level. PRICE: Shall be clear and concise and include sufficient detail for effective evaluation: Price Quote – shall be structured in accordance with the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure set forth in the solicitation, The Offeror shall provide both Unit Price and Total Amounts. BASIS FOR AWARD: The Government intends to award one (1) contract resulting from this solicitation to the lowest priced responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the solicitation. IAW 15.306 (a), for this Simplified acquisition the government intends to evaluate and award without discussions; the government intends to evaluate, and award based on initial proposals. Evaluation of price will be performed using one or more of the price analysis techniques in FAR 13.106 -3. Through these techniques the Government will determine whether prices are reasonable, complete, and are not unbalanced. CLAUSES: The FAR and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clauses incorporated provisions and clauses in effect, see Attachment 0003. 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and addendum applies to this acquisition. Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services applies to this acquisition. IAW FAR Subpart 4.8, Government Contract Files, the Government will retain one copy of all unsuccessful quotes. PAYMENT: Payment for order will be issued by DFAS, via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF) DFARS Clause 252.232-7006. Rock Island Arsenal (RIA) Visitor Access Passes are issued to individuals, not companies or groups. All visitors, to include transportation and freight services, official and unofficial, are highly suggested to preregister at least three (3) business days prior to their visit. Preregistration of visitors allows for the National Crime Information Center NCIC-11I background check to be conducted prior to the individual arriving at RIA, reducing their wait time upon arrival. It is the responsibility of the prime contractor to ensure that this information is passed along to any subcontractor or transportation provider used during the performance of this purchase order. DRIVERS WHO DO NOT MEET THE INSTALLATION ACCESS REQUIREMENTS WILL NOT BE ALLOWED ON THE INSTALLLATION AND WILL BE TURNED AWAY NOTE: As of 31 Dec 2015, Department of Defense and Department of the Army has directed that Driver Licenses and ID cards from Minnesota, Missouri and Washington are not compliant with the standards of the REAL ID Act and cannot be used on their own as a primary means of identification to apply for access to Rock Island Arsenal. Driver's Licenses that have written on the top of them "NOT FOR FEDERAL IDENTIFICATION PURPOSES" are also non-compliant. These non-compliant driver's license or state issued identification cards may still be presented at the Rock Island Visitor Control Center, but they must be accompanied by one of the following secondary forms of identification before a records check is conducted and installation access is granted: *Current vehicle registration showing name and address *Social Security card *US passport or passport card *US Military or Draft Record (DD-214 or Selective Service Registration Card) *Veteran Health Identification Card issued by the US Department of Veterans Affairs *Transportation Worker Identification Credential *Personal Identification Verification card issued by the Federal Government *Personal Identification Verification O Interoperable card issued by the Federal Government *US Certificate of Naturalization or certificate of citizenship (Form N-550) *US Department of Homeland Security "Trusted Traveler" card (Global Entry, NEXUS, SENTRI, Or FAST) *Driver's license issued by the US Department of State *US Military Identification Card for military members, dependents and retirees *US Permanent Resident/Alien Registration Receipt Card (Form 1-551) *US Coast Guard or Department of Homeland Security Merchant Mariner card *Native American Tribal Photo Identification card Visitor Access Request Forms and a complete list of acceptable identification can be found at https://home.army.mil/ria/ (click on Menu, then Visitor Information, and then under How to Visit Rock Island Arsenal click on the second bullet "How to obtain a visitor pass". Then on the right side of the screen click on "Access Request Process") or call 309-782-0551. Forms may be emailed for faxed. All visitors must process through the Moline Visitor Center Gate (1-74) off of River Drive in Moline, IL. Visitors (to include transportation and freight providers) will require proper identification to access RIA POC for this Policy are: RIA Visitor Center, Phone 309-782-0551, FAX 309-782-5029, email: usarmy.ria.imcom.mbx.usag-accessrequest@mail.mil. ROCK ISLAND ARSENAL SAFETY REQUIREMENTS A. All Contractors and Contractor personnel coming on to Arsenal Island must comply with the Rock Island Arsenal/Joint Manufacturing and Technology Center (RIA-JMTC), other Arsenal Island safety requirements and all federal, state, and local safety laws and regulations. B. Contractors must provide their employees with, and the employees must use, all required safety equipment necessary for the work they are performing and/or the areas they are in. C. This includes safety glasses, safety shoes, proper clothing, proper protective equipment and rigging. D. All drivers on Arsenal Island must use seatbelts at all times when driving a motor vehicle. E. If in doubt about any safety requirements, contact the Rock Island Safety Office Phone: 309-782-2579. (End of Notice). CONCEALED CARRY RESTRICTIONS Concealed carry permits do not apply on military installations. Contractors and delivery drivers shall ensure there are NO weapons or ammunition in their vehicles prior to entering the installation; a K-9 unit will find and alert if any prohibited items are detected. (End of Notice).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrea Jones
  - Email: andrea.jones36.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Purchase Description. See Attachment 0002 Pricing. (to be filled out and submitted) See Attachment 0003 Clauses. DODAAC / CAGE: W52H1B DELIVERY ADDRESS: Rock Island Arsenal-JMTC TRANSPORTATION OFFICER BLDG 299 GILLESPIE AV AND BECK LANE ROCK ISLAND, IL, 61299-5000 INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE TERMS: INSPECT AT /BY: DESTINATION-GOVERNMENT ACCEPT AT/BY: DESTINATION-GOVERNMENT DELIVERY INFORMATION: FOB DESTINATION INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: Email Electronic Quote Submission: Andrea Jones, Contract Specialist, andrea.jones36.civ@army.mil Email Subject Line: “Quote for (W519TC26Q9747) – COMPANY NAME”. Quote Submission must include: Attachment 0001 Purchase Description and Attachment 0002 Pricing Attachment 0002 Pricing: Shall be filled out and completed in its entirety. Please ensure that your company is providing the best pricing, including any discounts and shipping FOB Destination McAlester, Oklahoma. • All green cells shall be completed. • Quote Valid/Expires – no less than 30 days Submission Due Date. The offeror must ensure its quote, in its entirety, reaches the required destination before the date and time set for Date and Time Offerors as identified above. Late Proposals. The lateness rules for submitted quotes are outlined in FAR 52.212-1 "Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services," and are incorporated into this solicitation. Submission. The quote submitted in response to this solicitation shall be formatted as indicated above and furnished electronically to the Contract Specialist (CS) identified. Quote Compliance. The Government must have received from the offeror a fully compliant quote. The quote is compliant when it conforms to all the requirements, terms, and conditions of the solicitation, including the Purchase Description or SOW /PWS. Quote Acceptance. The contractor shall make a clear statement in the quote as to the expiration date of the quote and the stated expiration date shall be valid for all proposed subcontractors as well. FAR 52.212-1(c) Period for acceptance of offers. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. This date may be extended by mutual agreement. QUOTE FORMAT: This section provides guidance to the offeror for preparing a quote in response to the solicitation. The offeror’s quote shall include all data and information required by this solicitation and submitted in accordance with these instructions. Any contract resulting from this effort shall be required to meet United States Government regulations and statutory requirements. In addition, the offeror is expected to ensure compliance with all laws, regulations, standards, and any other constraints specifically identified in the solicitation. The quote submitted in response to the solicitation shall be formatted as stated below and furnished as stated herein. The acceptable electronic formats for quotes shall be compatible with MS Office, specifically MS Word and MS Excel and Adobe PDF. Minimum type size shall be 12-point Time New Roman standard font with single spacing. All quotes shall be labeled with listed solicitation or reference number identified, attachments, Offeror SAM Active Cage Code and UEI, Offeror Contact Information: name, address, telephone number and email address. Offerors shall scan all files for computer viruses prior to submission to the Government. Quotes may not include classified information. All quotes shall be at the UNCLASSIFIED level. PRICE: Shall be clear and concise and include sufficient detail for effective evaluation: Price Quote – shall be structured in accordance with the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure set forth in the solicitation, The Offeror shall provide both Unit Price and Total Amounts. BASIS FOR AWARD: The Government intends to award one (1) contract resulting from this solicitation to the lowest priced responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the solicitation. IAW 15.306 (a), for this Simplified acquisition the government intends to evaluate and award without discussions; the government intends to evaluate, and award based on initial proposals. Evaluation of price will be performed using one or more of the price analysis techniques in FAR 13.106 -3. Through these techniques the Government will determine whether prices are reasonable, complete, and are not unbalanced. CLAUSES: The FAR and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clauses incorporated provisions and clauses in effect, see Attachment 0003. 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and addendum applies to this acquisition. Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services applies to this acquisition. IAW FAR Subpart 4.8, Government Contract Files, the Government will retain one copy of all unsuccessful quotes. PAYMENT: Payment for order will be issued by DFAS, via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF) DFARS Clause 252.232-7006. Rock Island Arsenal (RIA) Visitor Access Passes are issued to individuals, not companies or groups. All visitors, to include transportation and freight services, official and unofficial, are highly suggested to preregister at least three (3) business days prior to their visit. Preregistration of visitors allows for the National Crime Information Center NCIC-11I background check to be conducted prior to the individual arriving at RIA, reducing their wait time upon arrival. It is the responsibility of the prime contractor to ensure that this information is passed along to any subcontractor or transportation provider used during the performance of this purchase order. DRIVERS WHO DO NOT MEET THE INSTALLATION ACCESS REQUIREMENTS WILL NOT BE ALLOWED ON THE INSTALLLATION AND WILL BE TURNED AWAY NOTE: As of 31 Dec 2015, Department of Defense and Department of the Army has directed that Driver Licenses and ID cards from Minnesota, Missouri and Washington are not compliant with the standards of the REAL ID Act and cannot be used on their own as a primary means of identification to apply for access to Rock Island Arsenal. Driver"s Licenses that have written on the top of them "NOT FOR FEDERAL IDENTIFICATION PURPOSES" are also non-compliant. These non-compliant driver"s license or state issued identification cards may still be presented at the Rock Island Visitor Control Center, but they must be accompanied by one of the following secondary forms of identification before a records check is conducted and installation access is granted: *Current vehicle registration showing name and address *Social Security card *US passport or passport card *US Military or Draft Record (DD-214 or Selective Service Registration Card) *Veteran Health Identification Card issued by the US Department of Veterans Affairs *Transportation Worker Identification Credential *Personal Identification Verification card issued by the Federal Government *Personal Identification Verification O Interoperable card issued by the Federal Government *US Certificate of Naturalization or certificate of citizenship (Form N-550) *US Department of Homeland Security "Trusted Traveler" card (Global Entry, NEXUS, SENTRI, Or FAST) *Driver"s license issued by the US Department of State *US Military Identification Card for military members, dependents and retirees *US Permanent Resident/Alien Registration Receipt Card (Form 1-551) *US Coast Guard or Department of Homeland Security Merchant Mariner card *Native American Tribal Photo Identification card Visitor Access Request Forms and a complete list of acceptable identification can be found at https://home.army.mil/ria/ (click on Menu, then Visitor Information, and then under How to Visit Rock Island Arsenal click on the second bullet "How to obtain a visitor pass". Then on the right side of the screen click on "Access Request Process") or call 309-782-0551. Forms may be emailed for faxed. All visitors must process through the Moline Visitor Center Gate (1-74) off of River Drive in Moline, IL. Visitors (to include transportation and freight providers) will require proper identification to access RIA POC for this Policy are: RIA Visitor Center, Phone 309-782-0551, FAX 309-782-5029, email: usarmy.ria.imcom.mbx.usag-accessrequest@mail.mil. ROCK ISLAND ARSENAL SAFETY REQUIREMENTS A. All Contractors and Contractor personnel coming on to Arsenal Island must comply with the Rock Island Arsenal/Joint Manufacturing and Technology Center (RIA-JMTC), other Arsenal Island safety requirements and all federal, state, and local safety laws and regulations. B. Contractors must provide their employees with, and the employees must use, all required safety equipment necessary for the work they are performing and/or the areas they are in. C. This includes safety glasses, safety shoes, proper clothing, proper protective equipment and rigging. D. All drivers on Arsenal Island must use seatbelts at all times when driving a motor vehicle. E. If in doubt about any safety requirements, contact the Rock Island Safety Office Phone: 309-782-2579. (End of Notice). CONCEALED CARRY RESTRICTIONS Concealed carry permits do not apply on military installations. Contractors and delivery drivers shall ensure there are NO weapons or ammunition in their vehicles prior to entering the installation; a K-9 unit will find and alert if any prohibited items are detected. (End of Notice)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5f8c6776364042248bdbe8534b59c346/view)