---
layout: default
title: GASKET
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 1daa184fd61f4ce393bed8298f35c51f
---

# GASKET

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 03:43:39.744-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QBK11

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORTS (COMBO)|N/A|TO BE DETERMINED|N00104|TO BE DETERMINED|TO BE DETERMINED|SEE SCHEDULE|TO BE DETERMINED|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| NOTICE OF CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION LEVEL REQUIREMENTS (NOV 2025))|1|| FEDERAL ACQUISITION SUPPLY CHAIN SECURITY ACT ORDERS-PROHIBITION (DEC 2023)|12||||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| THE PURPOSE OF THIS AMENDMENT IS TO EXTEND THE OFFER DUE DATE TO 25 APRIL 2026, AND TO UPDATE THE CLAUSES AND THE CONTRACT SPECAILIST POC INFORMATION AS SHOWN ELSEWHERE IN THIS AMENDMENT. UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED, PRICING FOR THIS QUOTATION IS VALID FOR 60 DAYS AFTER THE CLOSING DATE AS INDICATED ON THE QUOTATION. PLEASE SPECIFY (IF OTHER THAN 60 DAYS) ______________ DAYS.IF YOU ARE SUBMITTING YOUR QUOTE VIA EMAIL OR NECO,PLEASE SPECIFY THE NUMBER OF DAYS PRICING IS VALID. ALL CONTRACTUAL DOCUMENTS (I.E. CONTRACTS, PURCHASE ORDERS, TASK ORDERS,DELIVERY ORDERS AND MODIFICATIONS) RELATED TO THE INSTANT PROCUREMENT ARECONSIDERED TO BE 'ISSUED' BY THE GOVERNMENT WHEN COPIES ARE EITHER DEPOSITED IN THE MAIL, TRANSMITTED BY FACSIMILE, OR SENT BY OTHER ELECTRONIC COMMERCEMETHODS, SUCH AS EMAIL. THE GOVERNMENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THE CONTRACTOR'S PROPOSAL CONSTITUTES BILATERAL AGREEMENT TO 'ISSUE' CONTRACTUAL DOCUMENTS AS DETAILED HEREIN. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 In the event of a conflict between section "C" and section "D" of the contract/purchase order, Section "C" will take precedence. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS; THERE ARE NO TECHNICAL DOCUMENTS; SUCH AS, DRAWINGS, TECHNICAL DATA, ETC. ASSOCIATED TO THIS SOLICITATION/AWARD, THE PART NUMBER/CATALOG NUMBER CITED IN THE REQUIREMENTS SECTION IS FULLY DESCRIPTIVE. 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 MANUFACTURE AND DESIGN- THE GASKET FURNISHED UNDER THIS CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER SHALL MEET THE REQUIREMENTS AS SPECIFIED IN THE PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION. THE REQUIREMENTS FOR THIS CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER ARE AS FOLLOWS: 1. DESIGN, MATERIAL AND DIMENSIONS ARE TO BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH A. MANUFACTURE: ;MILITARY SPECIFICATIONS PROMULGATED BY MILITARY DEPARTMENTS (81349); . B. DRAWINGS: ;.; . PIECE: ;.; . REVISION: ;.; C. PART NUMBER: ;M22050-GR2-7-1/4/INODX4-5/64INIDX1/8INTHK; . D. CATALOG NUMBER: ;.; . E. MARKING REQUIREMENTS - MARKING AND LABELING SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-129. IN ADDITION TO THE STANDARD MARKING REQUIREMENTS OF MIL-STD-129, THE SELLER SHALL INCLUDE THE MANUFACTURER'S FEDERAL SUPPLY CODE FOR MANUFACTURERS (FSCM/CAGE CODE) AND THE ITEM'S PART NUMBER ON INTERMEDIATE AND UNIT PACKS. SPECIAL MARKING WHICH INCLUDES BOTH TYPE I AND TYPE II SHELF LIFE ITEMS, CURE DATE AND EXPIRATION DATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-129 ALSO APPLY. ITEMS SHALL BE SUPPLIED WITH AT LEAST 85% OF THE SHELF LIFE REMAINING AT THE TIME OF SHIPMENT. SHELF-LIFE IS ;120; MONTHS. F. ADDITIONAL ORDERING DATA: ;.; .

3.2 NAVSUP WSS-MECH CODE N94 ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION ORDER OF PRECEDENCE AND EFFECTIVE ISSUES OF CITED DOCUMENTATION DATED: JULY 2004 A. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE FOR DOCUMENT CONFLICT RESOLUTION: THE TECHNICAL AND QUALITY REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO MANUFACTURE OF THE MATERIAL BEING PURCHASED UNDER THIS ORDER ARE CONTAINED OR INVOKED IN ONE OR MORE OF THE DOCUMENTS LISTED BELOW. IN THE EVENT OF ANY INCONSISTENCIES BETWEEN ANY PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDER, THE ORDER OR PRECEDENCE SHALL BE AS FOLLOWS: 1. AMENDMENTS TO THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT 2. SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES OF THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT. 3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT. 4. INDIVIDUAL REPAIR PART ORDERING DATA (IRPOD); OR MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION, AS APPLICABLE. 5. ANY INVOKED STANDARD TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS (STRS). 6. DRAWINGS REFERENCED IN THE IRPOD, OR MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION , AS APPLICABLE. 7. SPECIFICATIONS REFERENCED IN THE IRPOD, MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATIONS OR DRAWING(S), AS APPLICABLE. B. EFFECTIVE ISSUES OF CITED DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS, STANDARDS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS: 1. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL COMPLY WITH THE SPECIFIED REVISIONS OF THE DOCUMENTS (I.E. DRAWINGS,SPECIFICATIONS,STANDARDS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS) CITED IN THE IRPOD AND/OR PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION CONTAINED HEREIN. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL OBTAIN WRITTEN APPROVAL FOR THE CONTRACTING OFFICER TO USE DOCUMENT REVISIONS OTHER THAN THOSE SPECIFIED. WHEN A LATER DRAWING REVISION IS SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL, TWO FULL SIZE CLEAR LEGIBLE PRINTS SHALL BE PROVIDED. 2. WHERE DOCUMENTS ARE REFERRED TO ONLY BY THE BASIC IDENTIFICATION NAME OR NUMBER AND NO SPECIFIC REVISION THERETO, THE CONTRACTOR USE OF ANY ISSUE OF THE DOCUMENT EXCEPT ALL SUCH REVISIONS SHALL BE DATED 1 NOVEMBER 1969 OR LATER. C. USE OF DOCUMENT REVISIONS IN THEIR ENTIRETY: 1. CONTRACTORS SHALL USE REVISIONS TO EACH CITED OR REFERENCED DOCUMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY UNLESS THE CONTRACTOR OBTAINS CONTRACTING OFFICER APPROVAL TO DO OTHERWISE (i.e. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL NOT USE PORTIONS OF DIFFERENT REVISIONS OF A DOCUMENT). D. VENDOR WAIVER/DEVIATIONS ON CRITICAL CONTRACTS. 1. COMPLIANCE WITH THE DELIVERY DATE AND TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS OF NAVSUP WSS CRITICAL REPAIR PART MATERIAL CONTRACTS IS EXPECTED. 2. AS THE CAUTIONARY NOTE CONTAINED IN THE CONTRACT STATES, SELLER INTENDED USE OF ANY MATERIAL WHICH IS NOT IN FULL COMPLIANCE WITH THE SPECIFIED CONTRACT TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS, SHOULD BE IDENTIFIED AS AN EXCEPTION IN ADVANCE EITHER AT THE TIME THE QUOTATION IS SUBMITTED OR PRIOR TO MANUFACTURE. 3. REQUESTS FOR DELIVERY DATE EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHOULD BE ACCOMPANIED BY AN EXPLANATION OF THE CAUSE FOR THE DELAY, OR THE REASON FOR THE REQUESTED NON-CONFORMANCE WITH AN OFFER OF CONSIDERATION IN THE EVENT THE CONTRACTING OFFICER CONCURS WITH YOUR REQUEST. 4. REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHOULD PROVIDE JUSTIFICATION FOR THE REQUESTED CHANGE INCLUDING AN EVALUATION WHICH DEMONSTRATES THAT PROPOSED NON-CONFORMANCE WILL NOT AFFECT THE QUALITY, FORM, FIT, OR FUNCTION OF THE PART. WHERE A PROPOSED ALTERNATE OR REPLACEMENT ITEM IS OFFERED, SUPPORTING TECHNICAL DATA (CATALOG PAGE, DRAWING (S), ETC.) THAT FULLY DESCRIBE THE PROPOSED ITEM SHALL BE PROVIDED FOR TECHNICAL EVALUATION. 5. REQUESTS WHICH DO NOT CONTAIN THE ABOVE INFORMATION WILL BE RETURNED AND WILL NOT BE SUBMITTED TO TECHNICAL/ENGINEERING REVIEW UNTIL SUFFICIENT JUSTIFICATION IS PROVIDED. 6. REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHALL BE PRESENTED TO THE GOVERNMENT QUALITY ASSURANCE REPRESENTATIVE (QAR) FOR COMMENT. THE QAR SHALL FORWARD THE REQUEST, WITH THEIR COMMENTS, DIRECTLY TO THE POST AWARD PCO IDENTIFIED IN THE CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER WITHIN FIVE WORKING DAYS AFTER RECEIPT. E. EXCLUSION OF MERCURY 1. MERCURY OR MERCURY CONTAINING COMPOUNDS SHALL NOT BE INTENTIONALLY ADDED TO OR COME IN DIRECT CONTACT WITH HARDWARE OR SUPPLIES UNDER THIS CONTRACT. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Quality Assurance Requirements- The Contractor shall provide and maintain an inspection system acceptable to the Government covering the supplies herein. Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of this contract and for such longer periods as may be specified elsewhere in the contract. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 WHEN THE CLEANLINESS CONTROL REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS ARE INVOKED: MIL-STD-767, MIL-STD-2041, REFUELING CLEAN, OR REACTOR PLANT CLEAN, THE FOLLOWING CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR MIL-PRF-23199 PACKAGING OF REPAIR PARTS APPLIES. (1). THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY CLARIFIES THE PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS OF MIL-PRF-23199 PERTAINING TO THE USE OF MIL-DTL-24466 GREEN POLY BAGS. THE SUPPLIER REMAINS RESPONSIBLE FOR MEETING ALL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS. SUPPLIERS WHO ARE UNSURE OF THE PACKAGING, PACKING, AND MARKING. REQUIREMENTS FOR A PARTICULAR PART SHOULD REQUEST CLARIFICATION BY CONTACTING THE NAVSUP-WSS CONTRACTING POC. (A). PARAGRAPH 3.4.2 OF MIL-PRF-23199 DISCUSSES LEVEL B PACKAGING AND REFERS TO PARAGRAPH 3.3.1 FOR THE METHOD OF PACKAGING. PARAGRAPH 3.3.1 PROVIDES SEVERAL METHODS OF PACKAGING. PACKAGING IN HEAT SEALED ENVELOPES IS COVERED IN PARAGRAPH 3.3.1.1 WHICH STATES, "COMPONENTS WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CLEANLINESS CONTROLS (SEE 6.2) OR AS SPECIFIED (SEE 6.1) SHALL BE PACKAGED IN HEAT SEALED ENVELOPES (SEE 3.2.2.5 AND 3.2.2.5.1)". (2). THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS MUST BE SATISFIED IN ORDER FOR MIL-DTL-24466 BAGS TO APPLY: (A). PARAGRAPH

6.2 OF MIL-PRF-23199 DEFINES CLEANLINESS CONTROLS AS ANY REFERENCE TO (OR APPLICATION OF) THE CLEANLINESS CONTROL REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS: MIL-STD-767, MIL-STD-2041, REFUELING CLEAN, REACTOR PLANT CLEAN, OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS IDENTIFIED WITHIN THE IRPOD. THE REPAIR PART MUST HAVE CLEANING REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OF THE AFORMENTIONED METHODS. (B). PARAGRAPH

6.1 CONTAINS ORDERING DATA OPTIONS. PARAGRAPH 6.1(k)2. PROVIDES AN OPTION TO SPECIFY THE METHOD OF PACKAGING TO BE USED WHEN PACKAGING IS OTHER THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPH 3.3.1.1 ONLY. IF A CONTRACT SPECIFIES ANY ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR THE USE OF GREEN POLY BAGS, THEN THEY ARE REQUIRED AND TAKE PRECEDENCE. (4). THE USE OF FIRE RETARDANT PACKAGING MATERIAL IS NO LONGER REQUIRED IN ANY NAVSUP-WSS N94 CONTRACT. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 1. NUCLEAR REACTOR PUBLICATIONS ASSIGNED NAVSEA DOCUMENT AND IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS THAT ARE NOT AVAILABLE FROM BPMI E-COMMERCE WEB SITE MUST BE REQUESTED FROM: CONTRACTING OFFICER NAVSUP WSS-MECH CODE N943 5450 CARLISLE PIKE P.O. BOX 2020 MECHANICSBURG, PA. 17055-0788 REQUESTS FOR "OFFICIAL USE ONLY" AND "NOFORN" (NOT RELEASABLE TO FOREIGN NATIO NALS) DOCUMENTS MUST IDENTIFY THE QUOTATION NUMBER ON PRE-AWARD PROCUREMENT ACTIONS. REQUESTS MUST BE SUBMITTED TO THE PCO FOR CERTIFICATION OF "NEED-TO-KNOW" FOR THE DOCUMENT. ON POST-AWARD ACTIONS, THE REQUEST MUST IDENTIFY THE GOVERNMENT CONTRACT NUMBER, AND BE SUBMITTED VIA THE DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (DCMA) FOR CERTIFICATION OF "NEED-TO-KNOW" FOR THE DOCUMENT. 2. COMMERCIAL SPECIFICATIONS, STANDARDS AND DESCRIPTIONS - THESE SPECIFICATIONS, STANDARDS AND DESCRIPTIONS ARE NOT AVAILABLE FROM GOVERNMENT SOURCES. THEY MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE PUBLISHERS OR SOCIETIES OF THE APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS.

6.2 In accordance with DoDI 5230.24 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to prospective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 6 (six) separate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 5642302521
  - Email: ADELE.H.LAMB.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1daa184fd61f4ce393bed8298f35c51f/view)