---
layout: default
title: Technology Insertion (TI)-28 and TI-next Total Ship Monitoring System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7a973b538d7549a2bf0ce05267a3088a
---

# Technology Insertion (TI)-28 and TI-next Total Ship Monitoring System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 13:57:14.633-04
- Solicitation Number: N00024-26-R-6109

## Summary

The Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) is conducting market research to identify potential sources that possess the capability to provide engineering design development, and manufacture the Technology Insertion (TI)-28 and TI-next Total Ship Monitoring System (TSMS) hardware and software systems, technical insertion kits, trainers, and associated spares in support of the Acoustic - Rapid COTS Insertion (A-RCI) upgrades for LOS ANGELES, VIRGINIA, SEAWOLF, and COLUMBIA class submarines. TI-28 will have the same infrastructure and common shipboard integrated baselines with TI-26. TI-32 will have the same infrastructure and common shipboard integrated baseline with TI-30. The procurement requires engineering design development to support software re-architecture requirements, and includes technical service, installation support, in-service support, and partial technology enhancements (such as server/hard drive updates); and infrastructure baselines (such as switches and infrastructure cablings), as needed, in support of Fleet requirements for software and/or hardware production improvements on TSMS systems or upgrade kits. The procurement will also require in-service and lifecycle support for TSMS to include fielded legacy TSMS designs. The TSMS will implement Commercial Off-the-Shelf (COTS) products and non-developmental item(s) (NDI). The TSMS contains upgraded signal processing capability and is reconfigurable to support processing of multiple acoustic and array sensors. The proposed procurement will be a 8-year Cost Plus Fixed Fee (CPFF), Cost Plus Incentive Fee (CPIF), Firm Fixed Price (FFP), and Cost type contract, spanning between Fiscal Year (FY) 2028 and FY 2035. The proposed contract will include approximately 552,000 man-hours of engineering design development and technical support. The Engineering Development Model (EDM) will be planned in FY28, if required. The TI-28 and TI-next production procurement will include the following shipset quantities: nine (9) in FY28; eleven (11) in FY29; fourteen (14) in FY30; ten (10) in FY31; ten (10) in FY32, fourteen (14) in FY33, eleven (11) in FY34, and nine (9) in FY35. Respondents must demonstrate the required level of technical expertise, as well as the ability to fulfill the mandatory requirements as described in Attachment 1, “Statement Of Work”, and Attachment 2, “AN/BQQ-10 A-RCI TI/APB Build Schedule for TI-28, and TI-next”. Respondents must provide detailed narratives and supporting rationale/data to identify how their knowledge, skills, and abilities to meet the requirements listed in Attachments 1 and 2. The respondents must have facilities and equipment necessary for the system development, testing, integration, production and performance of the Statement of Work (SOW) (Attachment 1) in support of all Technology Insertion (TI) baselines (TI-28, and TI-next). The respondents shall describe the layout of space, and provide a diagram of its facilities to demonstrate that they have adequate design, development, testing, and manufacturing capability and capacity for successful performance of all described requirements, including system and engineering support facilities and manufacturing facilities. The respondents must describe and discuss the facilities for the physical inspection and storage of incoming materials and vendor supplied items; production, fabrication, and assembly; performing critical processes and procedures; and development, production test, and inspection. The respondents shall state whether the facilities are leased or owned. The respondents must have a facility security clearance issued by the Defense Security Service at the SECRET Level. The respondents must be able to field the Key Personnel in Attachment 3 of this notice. Notional Non-Key personnel staffing levels are left to the respondents to propose. Respondents are strongly encouraged to provide an innovative approach that could improve the technical, including staffing, and cost performance without sacrificing the quality of maintenance and timely delivery of the systems to the warfighters. Respondents must provide documentation or examples of the ability to design, integrate, test, produce and support all baselines and hardware deliveries to the fleet and all associated integral and ancillary support capabilities from past experience. Responses to this source sought notice should be submitted to Candace Magelitz at candace.h.magelitz.civ@us.navy.mil and Ashley Houghton at ashley.e.houghton.civ@navy.mil. The subject line of emails containing responses or questions related to this notice should reference the solicitation number for this notice and "Technology Insertion (TI)-28 and TI-next Total Ship Monitoring System." Please limit responses to a maximum of thirty (30) pages. The cover pages shall include the following information: 1. Company name; Address; Point of Contact; Phone Number; and E-mail address. 2. Identification and verification of the company’s business size (i.e., small, large) relative to NAICS Code 334511, Size Standard: 1,350 employees. Include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project. Procedures for obtaining the SOW (Attachment 1) and the Total Ship Monitoring System Performance Specification, which is referenced in Attachment 1: The SOW and the referenced TSMS Specification will be available only to those companies with a validated security clearance at a minimum SECRET clearance level. To attain validation of security clearance, prospective respondents must submit a written request to Helen J. Douglas at helen.j.douglas.civ@us.navy.mil, Candace Magelitz at candace.h.magelitz.civ@us.navy.mil, and Ashley Houghton at ashley.e.houghton.civ@navy.mil. The written request must include the company name, cage code, and complete destination address and security point of contact. The controlled documents may only be provided to prospective respondents following approval by the NAVSEA Office of Security Programs and the Contracting Officer. The SOW will be sent by e-mail. The SONAR Specification will be available for view only in the reading room located at Naval Undersea Warfare Center, Newport, RI. No copies or notes will be allowed in the reading room. The Government undertakes no obligation to prospective respondent to assist in the attainment of requisite security clearance(s) so that the prospective respondent may provide a response to this notice. Foreign company access to these documents and other controlled information will be addressed if and when a Request for Proposal (RFP) is issued. Prospective respondents are advised DFARS 252.204-7004 Alternate A, System for Award Management would apply to any solicitation issued for this requirement, and lack of current registration in the System for Award Management database will make a respondent ineligible for award. Information on the System for Award Management database may be obtained via the World Wide Web at https://www.sam.gov. The Government will consider all comments received but does not commit to providing a response to any comments or questions received as a result of this sources sought notice. This notice is for information and planning purposes, and the Government will not pay or otherwise reimburse respondents for information submitted. The Government is not soliciting, nor will it accept proposals as a result of this sources sought notice. The sources sought notice is a market research tool being used to determine the existence of qualified and experienced sources. All interest parties responding to this sources sought notice is not a request to be considered for award. If a solicitation is issued in the future, it will be announced via the Government wide point of entry (https://www.sam.gov/) and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from any response to this sources sought notice. A response to this notice will not be considered a request to be added to a bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Candace Magelitz
  - Email: candace.h.magelitz.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027810618
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ashley Houghton
  - Email: ashley.e.houghton.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027812576

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , “Statement Of Work”, and Attachment 2, “AN/BQQ-10 A-RCI TI/APB Build Schedule for TI-28, and TI-next”. Respondents must provide detailed narratives and supporting rationale/data to identify how their knowledge, skills, and abilities to meet the requirements listed in Attachments 1 and 2. The respondents must have facilities and equipment necessary for the system development, testing, integration, production and performance of the Statement of Work (SOW) (Attachment 1) in support of all Technology Insertion (TI) baselines (TI-28, and TI-next). The respondents shall describe the layout of space, and provide a diagram of its facilities to demonstrate that they have adequate design, development, testing, and manufacturing capability and capacity for successful performance of all described requirements, including system and engineering support facilities and manufacturing facilities. The respondents must describe and discuss the facilities for the physical inspection and storage of incoming materials and vendor supplied items; production, fabrication, and assembly; performing critical processes and procedures; and development, production test, and inspection. The respondents shall state whether the facilities are leased or owned. The respondents must have a facility security clearance issued by the Defense Security Service at the SECRET Level. The respondents must be able to field the Key Personnel in Attachment 3 of this notice. Notional Non-Key personnel staffing levels are left to the respondents to propose. Respondents are strongly encouraged to provide an innovative approach that could improve the technical, including staffing, and cost performance without sacrificing the quality of maintenance and timely delivery of the systems to the warfighters. Respondents must provide documentation or examples of the ability to design, integrate, test, produce and support all baselines and hardware deliveries to the fleet and all associated integral and ancillary support capabilities from past experience. Responses to this source sought notice should be submitted to Candace Magelitz at candace.h.magelitz.civ@us.navy.mil and Ashley Houghton at ashley.e.houghton.civ@navy.mil. The subject line of emails containing responses or questions related to this notice should reference the solicitation number for this notice and "Technology Insertion (TI)-28 and TI-next Total Ship Monitoring System." Please limit responses to a maximum of thirty (30) pages. The cover pages shall include the following information: 1. Company name; Address; Point of Contact; Phone Number; and E-mail address. 2. Identification and verification of the company’s business size (i.e., small, large) relative to NAICS Code 334511, Size Standard: 1,350 employees. Include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project. Procedures for obtaining the SOW (Attachment 1) and the Total Ship Monitoring System Performance Specification, which is referenced in Attachment 1: The SOW and the referenced TSMS Specification will be available only to those companies with a validated security clearance at a minimum SECRET clearance level. To attain validation of security clearance, prospective respondents must submit a written request to Helen J. Douglas at helen.j.douglas.civ@us.navy.mil, Candace Magelitz at candace.h.magelitz.civ@us.navy.mil, and Ashley Houghton at ashley.e.houghton.civ@navy.mil. The written request must include the company name, cage code, and complete destination address and security point of contact. The controlled documents may only be provided to prospective respondents following approval by the NAVSEA Office of Security Programs and the Contracting Officer. The SOW will be sent by e-mail. The SONAR Specification will be available for view only in the reading room located at Naval Undersea Warfare Center, Newport, RI. No copies or notes will be allowed in the reading room. The Government undertakes no obligation to prospective respondent to assist in the attainment of requisite security clearance(s) so that the prospective respondent may provide a response to this notice. Foreign company access to these documents and other controlled information will be addressed if and when a Request for Proposal (RFP) is issued. Prospective respondents are advised DFARS 252.204-7004 Alternate A, System for Award Management would apply to any solicitation issued for this requirement, and lack of current registration in the System for Award Management database will make a respondent ineligible for award. Information on the System for Award Management database may be obtained via the World Wide Web at https://www.sam.gov. The Government will consider all comments received but does not commit to providing a response to any comments or questions received as a result of this sources sought notice. This notice is for information and planning purposes, and the Government will not pay or otherwise reimburse respondents for information submitted. The Government is not soliciting, nor will it accept proposals as a result of this sources sought notice. The sources sought notice is a market research tool being used to determine the existence of qualified and experienced sources. All interest parties responding to this sources sought notice is not a request to be considered for award. If a solicitation is issued in the future, it will be announced via the Government wide point of entry (https://www.sam.gov/) and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from any response to this sources sought notice. A response to this notice will not be considered a request to be added to a bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7a973b538d7549a2bf0ce05267a3088a/view)