---
layout: default
title: This requirement is for a Life Cycle Launcher Support (LCLS) Contract for a period of 60 months, beginning in January 2028
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 55be75479163458da8bdc4411a93deed
---

# This requirement is for a Life Cycle Launcher Support (LCLS) Contract for a period of 60 months, beginning in January 2028

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 09:45:04.635-04
- Solicitation Number: W31P4Q-26-R-0026

## Summary

Description The Army Contracting Command – Redstone Arsenal hereby issues the following Sources Sought notice as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support a five-year requirement (FY28-FY32) for the follow-on contract of Life Cycle Launchers Support (LCLS) in support of the United States Army and United States Marine Corps (USMC). Disclaimer: “THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP), INVITATION FOR BID (IFB), OR REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ). IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. RESPONSES WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO THE RESPONDER. NOT RESPONDING TO THIS NOTICE DOES NOT PRECLUDE PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE RFQ, IFB, OR RFP. IF A SOLICITATION IS RELEASED, IT WIL BE SYNOPSIZED ON THE GOVERNMENT-WIDE POINT OF ENTRY (GPE). IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF POTENTIAL OFFERORS TO MONITOR THE GPE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THIS REQUIREMENT.” Background: The Strategic and Operational Rockets and Missiles Project Office is responsible for the development, testing, acquisition, fielding and sustainment of the M142 High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) and M270 Multiple Launch Rocket System (MLRS) launchers. This responsibility includes technical and administrative requirements to implement a total life-cycle support program for the United States Army and USMC fielded launcher components. This support covers the M142 HIMARS Launcher Loader Module (LLM), Fire Control System (FCS), M270A1 and M270A2 MLRS FCS. Required Capabilities: The LCLS requirement describes the technical and administrative requirements necessary to create and implement a program to provide field service representatives, depot level repair, and program level management in support of the M142 HIMARS FCS, LLM, M270A1 and M270A2 MLRS FCS. The contract vehicle will be used by the United States Army and USMC. In addition, the contract shall provide supply chain management, depot and contractor spares, transportation, repair and return of line replaceable units. The Government has unlimited rights to the HIMARS and MLRS launcher production level 3 Technical Data Packages (TDP) at the system integrator level. Subcomponent product level TDPs are either restricted or undelivered and cannot be used for competition. The contractor maintains TDP control for the LCLS contract and changes to the TDP require contractor incorporation. If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information in a capabilities statement: Company name, company address, overnight delivery address (if different from mailing address), Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code, point of contact, e-mail address, and telephone number. Business size (i.e. large, small disadvantaged, veteran owned, woman owned, etc…). The Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency (DCSA accreditation letter for applicable system showing company is able to house Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) information. Tailored capacity statement addressing the particulars of this effort; and provide a description of similar services offered to the U.S. Government and/or to commercial customers for the past three years. A description of logistics and repair capabilities that support HIMARS launchers existing MLRS (M270, M270A1 and M270A2) variants. Evidence of past similar experience and how it supports HIMARS, MLRS (M270, M270A1 and M270A2) launchers and munitions. Additional Information and Submission Details (Capabilities Statement): Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages length, Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF).All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be electronically mailed (e-mailed) to Rhonda Sledge, Contracting Officer, rhonda.d.sledge.civ@army.mil and Robert L. Johnson, Contract Specialist, robert.l.johnson4.civ@army.mil. Questions for this request are due by 4 pm, CST 14 April 2026. Documentation provided must address at a minimum the following items: What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? Briefly discuss previous teaming arrangements on your most challenging tasks that provide sufficient detail for the Government to understand the scope and complexity of the accomplished tasks. Quantify the magnitude of the effort, for example: number of full-time equivalents of the prime, total ceiling price, current obligation amount, and the number of subcontractors and their respective business size. What experience does your company have handling CUI and meeting the guidance and recommendations found in the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publications 800-171, 800-171A, 800-172, and 800-172A? All responses shall be unclassified. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. No phone calls will be accepted. All questions must be submitted to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer identified above. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this Sources Sought. Contact Information: Contracting Office Address: Army Contracting Command – Redstone Arsenal Redstone Arsenal, AL 35898-5090 USA Primary Point of Contact: Rhonda Sledge rhonda.d.sledge.civ@army.mil Secondary Point of Contact: Robert L. Johnson robert.l.johnson4.civ@army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rhonda D Sledge
  - Email: rhonda.d.sledge.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Robert L. Johnson
  - Email: robert.l.johnson4.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/55be75479163458da8bdc4411a93deed/view)