---
layout: default
title: FCI LEWISBURG - ELEVATOR UPGRADE AND MODERNIZATION
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ec2b2108ee2d41c48419cbec60355a4d
---

# FCI LEWISBURG - ELEVATOR UPGRADE AND MODERNIZATION

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 14:44:14.878-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B20726Q00000009

## Summary

Update 4/17/2026 Addition of two attachments to the solicitation. One of the provided attachments is noted to be a sign in sheet for the conducted site visit on 4/9/2026, labelled as "PROJECT 26Z2AS7 MODERNIZE AND UPGRADE ELEVATOR SITE VISIT SIGN IN SHEET". The second attachment that is to be added to the solicitation posting is a condensced meeting minutes for the conducted site visit, labelled "PROJECT 26Z2AS7 SITE VISIT MEETING MINUTES SHEET". The added documents are controlled and access to the documents must be requested. Update 4/13/2026 Addition of combined Q&A response sheet and photo sheet from site visit conducted on 4/9/2026. File added to attachment/links section titled "26Z2AS7 MODERNIZE AND UPGRADE ELEVATOR Q-A AND PHOTO SHEET". The added document is controlled and access to the document must be requested. Dear Offeror: Please review all sections of this solicitation packet, the solicitation, and all attachments. This information is essential to submit a valid and complete offer. The Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBOP) is issuing solicitation 15B20726Q00000009 for the award of a firm-fixed-price construction contract for a project entitled ELEVATOR UPGRADE AND MODERNIZATION at the Federal Correctional Institution (FCI Lewisburg), located in Lewisburg, PA. FCI LEWISBURG is a federal correctional facility located at 2400 Robert F. Miller Dr., Lewisburg PA 17837. The Work of Project is defined by the Contract Documents and consists of the following: All offers must come with an offer guarantee. All offers are also subject to the (1) work requirements, and (2) other provisions and clauses incorporated in the solicitation in full text or by reference. Offers must provide a minimum of 30 calendar days for Government acceptance after the date that offers are due. Offers that do not provide this minimum acceptance timeframe may be rejected. Should the offer be accepted within 30 calendar days following the date offers are due, offerors must also perform the work at the prices they specify on the attached SF-1449 solicitation document in strict accordance with the solicitation. The contractor will provide all necessary equipment, labor, materials, and incidentals unless stated otherwise in the Statement of Work to upgrade and modernize the one (1) passenger elevator. Incidentals include but are not limited to cleanup of work area and disposal of waste materials. See the Statement of Work included with the solicitation posting for the complete requirements list. The contractor is expected to begin work within 10 days of receiving the notice to proceed. The performance period for the project will be 308 Calendar Days from issuance of the notice to proceed. The NAICS code for this requirement is 238290. Pursuant to Justice Acquisition Regulation (JAR) 2836.204, the estimated magnitude of the project lies between $100,000.00 and $250,000.00. (NOTE: This range is one of 5 available ranges from JAR 2836.204 and is not meant to imply that the project has necessarily been estimated/budgeted to the maximum of the selected range. It merely conveys that the estimate/budget lies somewhere within that range.) The solicitation will be distributed solely through the Contract Opportunity website at https://www.sam.gov. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be made available. The website provides download instructions. The "Sensitive /Secure package Upload" option will be selected for this procurement. All secure/locked documents uploaded, to include the solicitation, will require an active SAM vendor registration to obtain access. In addition, only those vendors who have been issued a valid Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN) from www.sam.gov will be granted access. If your firm does not have the NAICS code listed in www.sam.gov required for this solicitation, an email may be forwarded to your firm requesting an explanation as to why your firm should be granted access. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. All future information about this solicitation, including any amendments, will also be distributed solely through this website. Interested parties are responsible for continuously monitoring this website to ensure that they have the most recent information about this proposed contract action. IMPORTANT: Any contractor interested in obtaining a contract award with the Federal Bureau of Prisons must be registered in https://www.sam.gov. In order to qualify for award, your business size metrics information entered in your www.sam.gov SAM registration must be less than or equal to the size standard specified above. Each offeror’s www.sam.gov registration will be reviewed by the Government to confirm that your business size meets the small business size standard requirement. All offerors are urged to double check their www.sam.gov registration and update as necessary, including the size metrics information. This is a 100 percent unrestricted acquisition with no small business set aside. You must be registered in www.sam.gov as a business for the applicable NAICS code (see FAR provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your www.sam.gov registration). System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include: • 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and • 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, paragraph (d). • 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals— Representation, and • paragraph (t) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM Pre-Bid Site Visit (a) An organized site visit has been scheduled for Thursday, April 9, 2026, at 9:00 A.M. EST (b) Participants will meet at 2400 Robert F. Miller Dr., Lewisburg PA 17837 at the front lobby entrance to the institution. (c) A criminal history check must be completed for all site visit attendees, and all site visit attendees must pass the criminal history check. For convenience, the applicable form has been included to the attachments of this solicitation named “Criminal History Check Form”. Forms must be submitted to Matthew Adler at (m2adler@bop.gov). All documents must be sent in PDF format. Forms must be submitted by April 3, 2026, at 3:00 PM EST. Q&A All Q&A submissions must be sent by email to Matthew Adler at (m2adler@bop.gov). No call or fax submissions will be accepted. All documents must be sent in PDF format. All Q&A submissions must be turned into this email no later than April 10, 2026, at 3:00 PM EST. Any late submissions are subject to not being accepted. Evaluation Factors This acquisition will be utilizing FAR policy 15.101-3, Lowest price technically acceptable approach. Therefore, the award will be made on the basis of the lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the requirements for acceptability. To establish minimum requirements of performance, past performance and technical acceptability will also be evaluated. Price Shall be the lowest evaluated price for a technically acceptable proposal Past Performance Offerors are requested to provide relevant past performance information of previously completed work completed within the past 3 years. Relevant past performance for work related to the requested job may also be used in reference to technical acceptability. If no relevant past performance information can be provided, please note this information in your offer. Technical Acceptability A statement of work shall be included within the solicitation packet. Offerors are required to provide a technical proposal addressing ability to perform all sections of the statement of work (SOW). Proposal Submission All submissions must be emailed to Matthew Adler at (m2adler@bop.gov). No call or fax submissions will be accepted for this acquisition. All documents must be sent in PDF format. All proposal submissions must be turned into this email no later than April 17, 2026, at 3:00 PM EST. Any late submissions are subject to not being accepted.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Adler
  - Email: m2adler@bop.gov
  - Phone: 5705227668

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: is to be added to the solicitation posting is a condensced meeting minutes for the conducted site visit, labelled "PROJECT 26Z2AS7 SITE VISIT MEETING MINUTES SHEET". The added documents are controlled and access to the documents must be requested. Update 4/13/2026 Addition of combined Q&A response sheet and photo sheet from site visit conducted on 4/9/2026. File added to attachment/links section titled "26Z2AS7 MODERNIZE AND UPGRADE ELEVATOR Q-A AND PHOTO SHEET". The added document is controlled and access to the document must be requested. Dear Offeror: Please review all sections of this solicitation packet, the solicitation, and all attachments. This information is essential to submit a valid and complete offer. The Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBOP) is issuing solicitation 15B20726Q00000009 for the award of a firm-fixed-price construction contract for a project entitled ELEVATOR UPGRADE AND MODERNIZATION at the Federal Correctional Institution (FCI Lewisburg), located in Lewisburg, PA. FCI LEWISBURG is a federal correctional facility located at 2400 Robert F. Miller Dr., Lewisburg PA 17837. The Work of Project is defined by the Contract Documents and consists of the following: All offers must come with an offer guarantee. All offers are also subject to the (1) work requirements, and (2) other provisions and clauses incorporated in the solicitation in full text or by reference. Offers must provide a minimum of 30 calendar days for Government acceptance after the date that offers are due. Offers that do not provide this minimum acceptance timeframe may be rejected. Should the offer be accepted within 30 calendar days following the date offers are due, offerors must also perform the work at the prices they specify on the attached SF-1449 solicitation document in strict accordance with the solicitation. The contractor will provide all necessary equipment, labor, materials, and incidentals unless stated otherwise in the Statement of Work to upgrade and modernize the one (1) passenger elevator. Incidentals include but are not limited to cleanup of work area and disposal of waste materials. See the Statement of Work included with the solicitation posting for the complete requirements list. The contractor is expected to begin work within 10 days of receiving the notice to proceed. The performance period for the project will be 308 Calendar Days from issuance of the notice to proceed. The NAICS code for this requirement is 238290. Pursuant to Justice Acquisition Regulation (JAR) 2836.204, the estimated magnitude of the project lies between $100,000.00 and $250,000.00. (NOTE: This range is one of 5 available ranges from JAR 2836.204 and is not meant to imply that the project has necessarily been estimated/budgeted to the maximum of the selected range. It merely conveys that the estimate/budget lies somewhere within that range.) The solicitation will be distributed solely through the Contract Opportunity website at https://www.sam.gov. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be made available. The website provides download instructions. The "Sensitive /Secure package Upload" option will be selected for this procurement. All secure/locked documents uploaded, to include the solicitation, will require an active SAM vendor registration to obtain access. In addition, only those vendors who have been issued a valid Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN) from www.sam.gov will be granted access. If your firm does not have the NAICS code listed in www.sam.gov required for this solicitation, an email may be forwarded to your firm requesting an explanation as to why your firm should be granted access. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. All future information about this solicitation, including any amendments, will also be distributed solely through this website. Interested parties are responsible for continuously monitoring this website to ensure that they have the most recent information about this proposed contract action. IMPORTANT: Any contractor interested in obtaining a contract award with the Federal Bureau of Prisons must be registered in https://www.sam.gov. In order to qualify for award, your business size metrics information entered in your www.sam.gov SAM registration must be less than or equal to the size standard specified above. Each offeror’s www.sam.gov registration will be reviewed by the Government to confirm that your business size meets the small business size standard requirement. All offerors are urged to double check their www.sam.gov registration and update as necessary, including the size metrics information. This is a 100 percent unrestricted acquisition with no small business set aside. You must be registered in www.sam.gov as a business for the applicable NAICS code (see FAR provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your www.sam.gov registration). System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include: • 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and • 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, paragraph (d). • 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals— Representation, and • paragraph (t) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM Pre-Bid Site Visit (a) An organized site visit has been scheduled for Thursday, April 9, 2026, at 9:00 A.M. EST (b) Participants will meet at 2400 Robert F. Miller Dr., Lewisburg PA 17837 at the front lobby entrance to the institution. (c) A criminal history check must be completed for all site visit attendees, and all site visit attendees must pass the criminal history check. For convenience, the applicable form has been included to the attachments of this solicitation named “Criminal History Check Form”. Forms must be submitted to Matthew Adler at (m2adler@bop.gov). All documents must be sent in PDF format. Forms must be submitted by April 3, 2026, at 3:00 PM EST. Q&A All Q&A submissions must be sent by email to Matthew Adler at (m2adler@bop.gov). No call or fax submissions will be accepted. All documents must be sent in PDF format. All Q&A submissions must be turned into this email no later than April 10, 2026, at 3:00 PM EST. Any late submissions are subject to not being accepted. Evaluation Factors This acquisition will be utilizing FAR policy 15.101-3, Lowest price technically acceptable approach. Therefore, the award will be made on the basis of the lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the requirements for acceptability. To establish minimum requirements of performance, past performance and technical acceptability will also be evaluated. Price Shall be the lowest evaluated price for a technically acceptable proposal Past Performance Offerors are requested to provide relevant past performance information of previously completed work completed within the past 3 years. Relevant past performance for work related to the requested job may also be used in reference to technical acceptability. If no relevant past performance information can be provided, please note this information in your offer. Technical Acceptability A statement of work shall be included within the solicitation packet. Offerors are required to provide a technical proposal addressing ability to perform all sections of the statement of work (SOW). Proposal Submission All submissions must be emailed to Matthew Adler at (m2adler@bop.gov). No call or fax submissions will be accepted for this acquisition. All documents must be sent in PDF format. All proposal submissions must be turned into this email no later than April 17, 2026, at 3:00 PM EST. Any late submissions are subject to not being accepted

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ec2b2108ee2d41c48419cbec60355a4d/view)