---
layout: default
title: Aircraft Rescue Firefighting Vehicle Lease
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8ceee20bd9854bfca366a0c3469343b2
---

# Aircraft Rescue Firefighting Vehicle Lease

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 15:15:15.652-04
- Solicitation Number: FA483026Q0014

## Summary

Amendment 0001 - The purpose of this amendment is to add answers to contractor questions. Please see attachment 4. Questions & Answers Per the Statement of Work (SOW), Moody F&ES is requesting to lease one (1) ARFF Fire Fighting Vehicle to meet the following: REQUIREMENTS: 1. Location of Delivery Site: Site of delivery is located at Moody Air Force Base (AFB), GA 31699. 2. Scope of Work: The Vendor shall provide Moody AFB with one (1) Aircraft Rescue Fire Fighting ARFF vehicle. 3. Technical Inspection (T.I.): The Government has the option to inspect the ARFF Vehicle to assure that all requirements of the contract are met. The Government’s elected inspection in no manner relieves the Vendor of the independent responsibility to ensure that vehicle is efficient and capable of responding to aircraft emergencies, both on and off paved surfaces, to rescue occupants and combat fires. 4. Security Requirements: The Vendor and his employees shall be required to comply with pertinent Installation Regulations on security, which are in effect or may be put into effect during the course of performance of work/maintenance under the contract. 5. Utilities: The Government will furnish, without cost to the Vendor all utilities deemed necessary to accomplish the needed maintenance that are conducted on Moody AFB. 6. Vendor: The Vendor will not be responsible for scheduled maintenance during the lease period. Moody AFB will provide all fuel for the vehicle. 7. PRODUCTS TO BE PROVIDED: The Vendor shall furnish all equipment, materials, and personnel to provide Moody AFB Fire & Emergency Services with one (1) ARFF vehicle. The vehicle shall be outfitted to the original manufacture’s standards of operational condition and will meet all Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) standards. All work and documentation must be compliant with all standard US Government Military and The National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) practices. All repairs and services, as required, will be performed on the equipment by the Vendor or an Emergency Vehicle Technician (EVT) certified person/agency designated by the Vendor. The Vendor will provide a technically qualified representative to conduct in conjunction with a government representative a joint Technical Inspection of the ARFF vehicle to determine the maintenance requirements, to include all labor and part cost. Both will agree upon the necessary maintenance to be performed. All results must be documented on the inspection sheet and the forms will be signed by all parties. 8. Delivery: The Vehicle will be delivered to the 23d Logistics Readiness Squadron (LRS) Vehicle Maintenance Compound. A permanent plate will be mounted in the driver's compartment specifying the quantity and type of fluids required including engine oil, engine coolant, transmission, pump transmission lubrication, pump primer and drive axle. 9. Documentation provided digitally via vendor ARFF technician shall also include apparatus safety information that shall address key safety considerations for personnel to follow when they are driving, operating, and maintaining the apparatus. Safety procedures for the following shall be included: chassis operation, pump operation, and maintenance. 10. Performance Test: A road test will be conducted with the apparatus fully loaded and a continuous run of no less than ten (10) miles. During that time the apparatus will show no loss of power nor will it overheat. The transmission drive shaft or shafts and the axles will run quietly and be free of abnormal vibration or noise. The Vehicle apparatus will meet NFPA 414 requirements of at least the current version at time of manufacture. 11. Pump Test: The contractor will provide results of a current pump test at time of delivery to 23 LRS Vehicle Maintenance personnel. 12. Warranty: Provided the vehicle will have been placed in service within 5 days after delivery to Moody AFB, the warranty will be bumper to bumper including the chassis, pump, body, firefighting system, electrical system for the duration of the lease agreement. 13. Seating Capacity: The seating capacity in the cab will be minimum of three (3) seats. 14. Transmission: Vehicles shall be an automatic with pump and roll capability. 15. Tires: will be in excellent condition with adequate tread life remaining. 16. Wheel Chocks: There shall be one (1) pair of wheel chocks provided. 17. Mirrors: A mirror shall be mounted on each side of the front cab door. 18. Air Conditioning: An air conditioning system shall be furnished inside the cab and crew cab. The air conditioning system shall be capable of cooling the average cab temperature from 100 degrees Fahrenheit to 75 degrees Fahrenheit within 30 minutes at 50 percent relative humidity. 19. Exterior Lighting: Exterior lighting shall meet or exceed Federal Department of Transportation, Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards and National Fire Protection Association requirements. 20. Water Tank: Shall have a minimum capacity of 3000 gallons. Tank shall be baffled in accordance with NFPA requirements. 21. Foam Tank: Capacity of at least 400 gallons. 22. Pump shall provide at least 1950 GPM at 240 PSI. 23. Roof Turret. Shall be capable of delivering 600 GPM on low flow and 1200 GPM on high flow. 24. Bumper Turret. Shall be capable of 500 GPM. 25. Handline/booster reel: capable of 240 PSI with a minimum 100-foot length. 26. Secondary firefighting system: 450 lb Dry Chemical system to include expellant and hose reel with hose. 27. Vehicle shall come with an empty foam tank. If it contained AFFF, the needs to be flushed and rinsed. 28. Vehicle shall come with a full dry chemical tank. 29. Vehicle shall have appropriate NFPA compliant emergency lighting. 30. Vehicle shall have electronic siren. 31. Vendor will provide digitally over video call, or in person training to F&ES personnel covering operation, inspection, firefighting systems operation and servicing. 32. Period of Performance: Two (2) months with ten (10) one (1) month options. NOTE: In your QUOTES, ensure you are maintaining Attachment 1. Solicitation CLIN structure in order to be properly evaluated. There are 13 CLINS total, your quotes should show 13 line items. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: item technical capability, lowest price technically acceptable, and past performance. Please ensure you are filling out Attachment 1. Solicitation "Supplies or Services & Prices or Costs" section, or properly addressing the CLIN structure in your quotes. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. Questions are due by Friday, March 13, 2026 at 4pm EST RESPONSES MUST ADDRESS THE FOLLOWING: Name, address, CAGE Code, SAM UEI, and main point of contact of your company. Specify any and all socio-economic to which your business belongs (large business,small business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Section 8(a) etc.) All quotes shall be received by Tuesday, 17 March 2026 at 1:00 PM Eastern Time. Send responses via e-mail to SSgt Justin De Jesus, justin.de_jesus@us.af.mil by the response date and time. Please identify the RFQ ID number FA483026Q0014 in the email subject line. Any questions regarding this Sources Sought can be directed to myself at justin.de_jesus@us.af.mil or at (229) 257-2084.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SSgt Justin DeJesus
  - Email: justin.de_jesus@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292572084
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Samuel D. Garfunkel
  - Email: samuel.garfunkel.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292573947

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Questions & Answers Per the Statement of Work (SOW), Moody F&ES is requesting to lease one (1) ARFF Fire Fighting Vehicle to meet the following: REQUIREMENTS: 1. Location of Delivery Site: Site of delivery is located at Moody Air Force Base (AFB), GA 31699. 2. Scope of Work: The Vendor shall provide Moody AFB with one (1) Aircraft Rescue Fire Fighting ARFF vehicle. 3. Technical Inspection (T.I.): The Government has the option to inspect the ARFF Vehicle to assure that all requirements of the contract are met. The Government’s elected inspection in no manner relieves the Vendor of the independent responsibility to ensure that vehicle is efficient and capable of responding to aircraft emergencies, both on and off paved surfaces, to rescue occupants and combat fires. 4. Security Requirements: The Vendor and his employees shall be required to comply with pertinent Installation Regulations on security, which are in effect or may be put into effect during the course of performance of work/maintenance under the contract. 5. Utilities: The Government will furnish, without cost to the Vendor all utilities deemed necessary to accomplish the needed maintenance that are conducted on Moody AFB. 6. Vendor: The Vendor will not be responsible for scheduled maintenance during the lease period. Moody AFB will provide all fuel for the vehicle. 7. PRODUCTS TO BE PROVIDED: The Vendor shall furnish all equipment, materials, and personnel to provide Moody AFB Fire & Emergency Services with one (1) ARFF vehicle. The vehicle shall be outfitted to the original manufacture’s standards of operational condition and will meet all Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) standards. All work and documentation must be compliant with all standard US Government Military and The National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) practices. All repairs and services, as required, will be performed on the equipment by the Vendor or an Emergency Vehicle Technician (EVT) certified person/agency designated by the Vendor. The Vendor will provide a technically qualified representative to conduct in conjunction with a government representative a joint Technical Inspection of the ARFF vehicle to determine the maintenance requirements, to include all labor and part cost. Both will agree upon the necessary maintenance to be performed. All results must be documented on the inspection sheet and the forms will be signed by all parties. 8. Delivery: The Vehicle will be delivered to the 23d Logistics Readiness Squadron (LRS) Vehicle Maintenance Compound. A permanent plate will be mounted in the driver"s compartment specifying the quantity and type of fluids required including engine oil, engine coolant, transmission, pump transmission lubrication, pump primer and drive axle. 9. Documentation provided digitally via vendor ARFF technician shall also include apparatus safety information that shall address key safety considerations for personnel to follow when they are driving, operating, and maintaining the apparatus. Safety procedures for the following shall be included: chassis operation, pump operation, and maintenance. 10. Performance Test: A road test will be conducted with the apparatus fully loaded and a continuous run of no less than ten (10) miles. During that time the apparatus will show no loss of power nor will it overheat. The transmission drive shaft or shafts and the axles will run quietly and be free of abnormal vibration or noise. The Vehicle apparatus will meet NFPA 414 requirements of at least the current version at time of manufacture. 11. Pump Test: The contractor will provide results of a current pump test at time of delivery to 23 LRS Vehicle Maintenance personnel. 12. Warranty: Provided the vehicle will have been placed in service within 5 days after delivery to Moody AFB, the warranty will be bumper to bumper including the chassis, pump, body, firefighting system, electrical system for the duration of the lease agreement. 13. Seating Capacity: The seating capacity in the cab will be minimum of three (3) seats. 14. Transmission: Vehicles shall be an automatic with pump and roll capability. 15. Tires: will be in excellent condition with adequate tread life remaining. 16. Wheel Chocks: There shall be one (1) pair of wheel chocks provided. 17. Mirrors: A mirror shall be mounted on each side of the front cab door. 18. Air Conditioning: An air conditioning system shall be furnished inside the cab and crew cab. The air conditioning system shall be capable of cooling the average cab temperature from 100 degrees Fahrenheit to 75 degrees Fahrenheit within 30 minutes at 50 percent relative humidity. 19. Exterior Lighting: Exterior lighting shall meet or exceed Federal Department of Transportation, Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards and National Fire Protection Association requirements. 20. Water Tank: Shall have a minimum capacity of 3000 gallons. Tank shall be baffled in accordance with NFPA requirements. 21. Foam Tank: Capacity of at least 400 gallons. 22. Pump shall provide at least 1950 GPM at 240 PSI. 23. Roof Turret. Shall be capable of delivering 600 GPM on low flow and 1200 GPM on high flow. 24. Bumper Turret. Shall be capable of 500 GPM. 25. Handline/booster reel: capable of 240 PSI with a minimum 100-foot length. 26. Secondary firefighting system: 450 lb Dry Chemical system to include expellant and hose reel with hose. 27. Vehicle shall come with an empty foam tank. If it contained AFFF, the needs to be flushed and rinsed. 28. Vehicle shall come with a full dry chemical tank. 29. Vehicle shall have appropriate NFPA compliant emergency lighting. 30. Vehicle shall have electronic siren. 31. Vendor will provide digitally over video call, or in person training to F&ES personnel covering operation, inspection, firefighting systems operation and servicing. 32. Period of Performance: Two (2) months with ten (10) one (1) month options. NOTE: In your QUOTES, ensure you are maintaining Attachment 1. Solicitation CLIN structure in order to be properly evaluated. There are 13 CLINS total, your quotes should show 13 line items. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: item technical capability, lowest price technically acceptable, and past performance. Please ensure you are filling out Attachment 1. Solicitation "Supplies or Services & Prices or Costs" section, or properly addressing the CLIN structure in your quotes. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. Questions are due by Friday, March 13, 2026 at 4pm EST RESPONSES MUST ADDRESS THE FOLLOWING: Name, address, CAGE Code, SAM UEI, and main point of contact of your company. Specify any and all socio-economic to which your business belongs (large business,small business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Section 8(a) etc.) All quotes shall be received by Tuesday, 17 March 2026 at 1:00 PM Eastern Time. Send responses via e-mail to SSgt Justin De Jesus, justin.de_jesus@us.af.mil by the response date and time. Please identify the RFQ ID number FA483026Q0014 in the email subject line. Any questions regarding this Sources Sought can be directed to myself at justin.de_jesus@us.af.mil or at (229) 257-2084

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8ceee20bd9854bfca366a0c3469343b2/view)