---
layout: default
title: RFI - Early Career Recruitment Platform
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 98cf864d89e94e74831069963afb31eb
---

# RFI - Early Career Recruitment Platform

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 17:53:25.965-04
- Solicitation Number: RFI-OCAS-2026-001

## Summary

Request for Information (RFI)/Sources Sought Notice: This is a Request for Information (RFI)/Sources Sought Notice in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation FAR 52.215-3, Request for Information or Solicitation for Planning Purposes (Oct 1997), this Request for Information (RFI) is for planning purposes only and is not a Request for Quotes (RFQ), Request for Proposals (RFP), Invitation for Bids (IFB) or an obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any services. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of the RFI or otherwise pay for the information requested, and responses will be treated as information only and not as a proposal. The Government reserves the right to determine how it should proceed as a result of this notice. Furthermore, those who respond to this RFI should not anticipate feedback with regard to their submission. The information provided in this RFI is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. The General Services Administration (GSA) may contact responders to this RFI to gain further information regarding products/services. REQUIREMENT: In support of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) the General Services Administration (GSA), Federal Acquisition Service (FAS), Office of Centralized Acquisition Services (OCAS) is issuing this RFI/sources sought notice. The U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) seeks a modern dynamic recruitment platform to attract, engage, and convert early career talent (students and recent graduates) into applicants for Federal employment opportunities. The platform should be capable nationally of targeting students according to their academic majors, career interests, and related qualifications, and direct them to relevant job opportunities on USAJOBS. The anticipated contract type is a Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP). The anticipated period of performance is for a base period of 4 months (pilot period), and three (3) one-year option period. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 513210-Software Publishers, and the Product Service Code (PSC) is 7A21 – IT and Telecom – Business Application Software (Perpetual License Software). THIS IS NOT AN RFQ/RFQ/IFB. THIS IS FOR MARKET RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY. The input provided will help the GSA and OPM ascertain the interest, capability, and capacity of potential businesses both small and large. If you are an interested business, GSA would appreciate your assistance in providing a Statement of Capabilities to include the following: 1) Full business name 2) Cage code and SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) 3) Name, phone number, and e-mail address of a company representative the Government may contact for additional information 4) Size of business [based on the applicable NAICS code]: Large Business, Small Business, Small Disadvantaged, 8(a), HubZone, Woman-owned, Service Disabled Veteran-Owned, or other category 5) Statement as to whether business is actively registered in the System for Award Management (www.sam.gov) 6) GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) Contract Number – if applicable 7) Provide a Capability statement displaying the vendor’s ability to provide the required services outlined in the attached Draft Statement of Work (SOW). Include brief description(s) of any prior experiences that best illustrates your company’s qualifications related to performing the services in accordance with the SOW. If past performance information is provided, please include only relevant past performance on the same/similar work within the last five (5) years. This relevant past performance information should identify the applicable contract number; total contract dollar amount; capacity performed (Prime or Sub); contract period of performance; description of the relevant services provided AND the relevancy of the services to the proposed requirement; and a customer point of contact with corresponding telephone number and e-mail address. 8) Generic Cost Estimate: Provide an estimated cost based on OPM’s requirement. What are the anticipated “best guess” costs for service? Please provide for 4-month base periods, and three (3) option year periods. Vendors possessing the requisite skills, resources and capabilities necessary to perform the stated requirements are invited to respond to this source sought notice/request for information via the submission of a capabilities statement. VENDORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO PROVIDE A RESPONSE. Submissions are not to exceed six (6) typewritten pages in no less than 12 font size. NOTE: Standard brochures and/or paraphrasing of the contents of this announcement will not be considered sufficient to demonstrate the capabilities of an interested party. In addition to the executive summary, industry feedback to the draft SOW is requested – all comments/ideas will be considered, although any questions/comments/ideas may not be responded to directly. The goal of such feedback is to consider suggestions that might enhance competition, improve the clarity of the requirement, leverage industry expertise or any other ideas that could result in an improved product. **Submissions are to be no more than 6 pages and no less than 12-point font. ** Interested companies should submit their supporting narratives through email by 12:00PM Eastern Time, Monday, April 20, 2026. Please send your response to, Contract Specialist, Tyrone Dallas, tyrone.dallas@gsa.gov. All requests for further information must be made in writing via email. Telephone requests for additional information will not be honored. Disclaimer: Proprietary information should be clearly marked. This is not a contract, request for quote, a promise to contract or a commitment of any kind on the part of the Government. The Government will not assume liability for costs incurred in preparing response. Respondents will not be notified of the results.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tyrone Dallas
  - Email: tyrone.dallas@gsa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Theophilus Hlovor
  - Email: theophilus.hlovor@gsa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/98cf864d89e94e74831069963afb31eb/view)