---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice for B550 Repair MCIS/Student HSG Dam Neck Annex, Naval Air Station Oceana, Virginia Beach, VA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6f476f59c98b45099aa95777236a5698
---

# Sources Sought Notice for B550 Repair MCIS/Student HSG Dam Neck Annex, Naval Air Station Oceana, Virginia Beach, VA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 15:57:24.669-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008526R0099

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE FOR DESIGN-BUILD (DB) B550 REPAIR MCIS/STUDENT HSG AT NAVAL AIR STATION OCEANA IN VIRGINIA BEACH, VIRGINIA THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL, REQUEST FOR QUOTE, OR INVITATION FOR BID. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. The intent of this notice is to conduct market research to determine if sources capable of satisfying this agency’s requirements exist. The Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Mid-Atlantic is seeking eligible small business firms capable of performing construction services for Design-Build (DB) B550 Repair MCIS/Student HSG at Naval Air Station Oceana in Virginia Beach, Virginia. All service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSB), certified HUB-Zone, certified 8(a), women-owned small businesses (WOSB), and small businesses are encouraged to respond. Upon review of industry responses to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. Large business submittals will not be considered. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this synopsis. The information provided in this notice is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for or award a contract. No drawings or specifications will be made available at this time. The Government will not provide debriefs on the results of this research, but feedback regarding the decision to set aside or not set aside the procurement will be accomplished via presolicitation synopsis or solicitation for these services, as applicable. All information submitted will be held in a confidential manner and will only be used for the purpose intended. General Work Requirements: The project will be prepared in one package, under one contract. Design-Build (DB) B550 Repair MCIS/Student HSG at Naval Air Station Oceana in Virginia Beach, Virginia This project will completely repair Marine Corp Intelligence School/Marine Corp Detachment Dam Neck Student Housing Building 550 at Dam Neck Annex, Naval Air Station Oceana in Virginia Beach, VA. Building 550, a 90,718 square-foot, three story structure constructed in 1978 with current requirements for 346 enlisted personnel in 173 bedrooms. This Design –Build project will replace building HVAC systems, which includes replacing existing heat pump and air handler systems to meet current functional/efficiency requirements. Replacement includes both heating and cooling systems, DDC controls, hot and chilled water piping and pumps, ductwork, diffusers, exhaust systems, and all associated infrastructure. Cost includes cybersecurity and commissioning of the system. Interior renovations include the following: Repairing berthing spaces to meet current standards (coat racks, ironing boards/iron caddies, and medicine cabinets); Replacement of living space area including replacement of cabinets, replacing flooring, providing built in closets, providing room signage, repairing and painting interior walls and ceilings, and replacement of all bathroom finishes, fixtures, and accessories. Other renovations to the following spaces includes; Administrative spaces: Renovation including replacement of carpet, interior finishes, painting. Public restrooms: renovation includes new interior finishes, painting, and replacement of all plumbing fixtures and toilet accessories. Vending areas and storage rooms: Renovated with a minimum of new carpet, paint, and interior finishes. Laundry rooms: The laundry rooms need to be retiled and repainted as well as repair mechanical and electrical connections as required. Repair existing stairwells, provide non-slip tread surfaces, and ensure stairs are code compliant. Exterior renovations include: ATFP retrofits as required to meet UFC 4-010-01 Chapter 3 Standards; Repairing structural deficiencies as required, including repair to damaged areas of existing exterior walls; Replace the cracked brick veneera and all exterior doors and windows, frames and hardware. Paint/prime all doors, frames, and exterior metal structures such as rails, columns, etc.; Repair existing exterior stairwells to correct damaged concrete and provide non-slip tread surfaces and ensure stairs are code compliant; Provide ADA accessibility per code. Replace complete building plumbing system, which includes replacing existing domestic water as well as drain, waste and vent (DWV) system piping and associated infrastructure within the facility. Complete removal and replacement of all DWV piping located within the chases of floors 1, 2, & 3 at DNA 550. Replacement of below grade horizontal piping from chase to sanitary manhole. Removal and replacement of the shower drains. Removal and replacement of the shower control valves. Install a grating floor system in the first floor chase to allow safe access for maintenance services. Replace the central toilet system exhaust fans. Provide lighting in the service chases of the three buildings to allow maintenance services to perform safely. Replace existing plumbing fixtures. Repair/Replace all sanitary sewer system piping and components. Replace the complete building electrical system, which includes replacing building electrical system to comply with current codes, replacing interior lighting, and replacing exterior building lighting. Work includes replacing electrical distribution equipment, electrical distribution feeders, mechanical feeders, branch wiring, light fixtures, communications and security wiring, and all associated infrastructure. Cost includes cybersecurity and commissioning of the system. In accordance with DFARS 236.204(ii), the magnitude of construction for this project is between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000. This is a new procurement. It does not replace an existing contract. No prior contract information exists. The anticipated award of this contract is September 2026. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this project is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction with a small business size standard of $45,000,000. The procurement method to be utilized is Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 15, Contracting by Negotiation. If the resulting solicitation is set aside for small businesses firms, it will include FAR clause 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, which limits the amount of work performed by subcontractors. Specifically, as the prime contractor, your company must perform at least 15% of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with your own employees. If adequate interest is not received from Small Business concerns, the solicitation will be issued as unrestricted without further notice. Interested sources are invited to respond to this sources sought announcement by using the forms provided under separate files titled Sources Sought Contractor Information Form (form attached) and Project Information Form (form attached). These forms are required. Information not provided may prohibit your firm from consideration. If you are submitting as a mentor-protégé joint venture under the 8(a) program, you must provide SBA approval of the mentor-protégé agreement to be considered as small for this procurement. For more information on the definitions or requirements for these small business programs refer to http://www.sba.gov/. Responses must include identification and verification of the firm’s small business status. The following information shall be provided: 1. Contractor Information: Provide your firm’s contact information including Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and CAGE Code. 2. Type of Business: Identify whether your firm is a Small Business, SBA certified 8(a), SBA certified HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, and/or Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business, or Women-Owned Small Business concern. 3. Bonding Capacity: Provide your surety’s name, your maximum bonding capacity per project and your aggregate maximum bonding capacity. 4. Construction Experience: Submit a minimum of two (2) up to a maximum of five (5) relevant construction projects your firm has performed to best demonstrate your experience on relevant projects that are similar in size, scope, and complexity. With the exception of 13 CFR 125.2(g) below, experience of proposed subcontractors will not be considered. Furthermore, the Offeror’s experience as a subcontractor will not be considered. For each of the submitted relevant projects (a maximum of five (5) projects), ensure that the Project Information Form is completed in its entirety for each project and limited to two pages per project. Ensure that the description of the project clearly identifies whether the project is new construction or renovation, the square footage and final construction cost, and addresses how the project meets the scope/complexity requirements. A relevant project is defined as a construction project performed under a single task order or contract. For multiple award and indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity type contracts, the contract as a whole shall not be submitted as a project and will not be considered; rather, Offerors shall submit the work performed under a task order as a project. Recent is defined as having been 100% completed within the last ten (10) years prior to the sources sought submission due date. The contractor shall have acted as the Prime contractor on submitted projects. Experience of proposed subcontractors will not be considered. Furthermore, the Offeror’s experience as a subcontractor will not be considered. A relevant project is further defined as: Size: A final construction cost of $50,000,000 or greater. Scope/Complexity: Comprehensive, whole building (interior and exterior) renovation of a two story or greater commercial, industrial, dormitory, barracks, lodging or institutional building that includes the following: Demonstrate experience with renovation (full replacement or overhaul) for building systems: ie. HVAC, plumbing, electrical, fire protection, etc. Structural support slabs, and structures with excessive soil settlement (weak and compressible soils) Hazardous Material Abatement and Disposal Note: Each project does not have to demonstrate experience with each element of scope / complexity, but instead projects submitted as a whole shall collectively demonstrate experience with all elements of scope / complexity. Note: Capability will only be satisfied on projects that are considered relevant in terms of size/scope/complexity and completed within the specified time period. For purposes of evaluating capability, the “Offeror” is defined as the prime contractor that demonstrates experience on relevant projects that meet size, scope and complexity. In accordance with 13 CFR 125.2(g), small business Offerors may utilize the experience of a small business first-tier subcontractor(s) to demonstrate experience under this capability evaluation if the Offeror cannot independently satisfy the experience requirement as defined above. In order to utilize the experience of a small business first-tier subcontractor(s), the offeror must specifically identify the proposed small business first-tier contractor(s) in its capability package in accordance with this notice. The Offeror or, if a small business Offeror, its small business first-tier subcontractor, shall have been the prime contractor on all submitted projects. The Government notes that 13 CFR 125.2(g) is specific to only small business Offerors and named small business first-tier subcontractors. As such, the small business Offeror is not permitted to use the experience of a large business subcontractor or large business corporate affiliate in place of its own if the small business Offeror cannot independently satisfy the experience requirement as defined above. Please note that if you are responding as an 8(a) Mentor-Protégé, you must indicate the percentage of work to be performed by the protégé. A copy of the SBA letter stating that your 8(a) Mentor-Protégé agreement has been approved would be required with your proposal, if requested. This notice is a market research tool being used to determine the availability and adequacy of potential small business sources prior to determining the method of acquisition and ultimate issuance of an award. Upon review of industry response to this sources sought notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. The Government will use responses to this Sources Sought Synopsis to make appropriate acquisition decisions. The Capabilities Statement for this sources sought is not expected to be a proposal, but rather short statements regarding the company’s ability to demonstrate existing-or-developed expertise and experience in relation to the areas specified herein. Submission of a Capabilities Statement is not a prerequisite to any potential future offerings, but participation will assist the Government in tailoring requirements to be consistent with industry capabilities. Responses are due on 24 March 2026 by 2:00 P.M. local time. The submission package shall ONLY be submitted electronically to Shayna Eichner at shayna.t.eichner.civ@us.navy.mil and MUST be limited to a 4MB attachment. You are encouraged to request a “read receipt.” Responses received after the deadline or without the required information will not be considered. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed by email to shayna.t.eichner.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shayna Eichner
  - Email: shayna.t.eichner.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573411046
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kristy Gerrek
  - Email: kristy.l.gerrek.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410089

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6f476f59c98b45099aa95777236a5698/view)