---
layout: default
title: Access Control System PR Army National Guard, USPFO Bldgs. (s) 540, 769 & 770
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 13285eb807c44fbb87027ecbd23ea4c8
---

# Access Control System PR Army National Guard, USPFO Bldgs. (s) 540, 769 & 770

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 08:51:00.445-04
- Solicitation Number: W912LR26QA011

## Summary

The purpose of this amendment is: 1. To upload "SOW - USPFO ACS - RFID 20260317 - post site visit" document into the Attachments/Links section of this notice. 2. Change the due date to receive questions to March 24, 2026 at 2:00pm AST. The government intends to provide responses in or around close of business 4:00pm AST, March 30, 2026. 3. Change the due date to submit offers to April 6, 2026, at 11:00am AST (local time). -------No further changes were made---------------------------------------------------------------------------- The purpose of this amendment is: 1. To upload plans, specs and diagrams into the Attachments/Links portion of this notice. -------No further changes were made---------------------------------------------------------------------------- The purpose of this amendment is: 1. To upload "Solicitation - W912LR26QA011' into the Attachments/Links section of this notice. -------No further changes were made---------------------------------------------------------------------------- THE P.R ARMY NATIONAL GUARD UNITED STATES FISCAL & PROPERTY OFFICE IS REQUESTING THE SUPPLY, INSTALLATION AND CONFIGURATION OF AN ACCESS CONTROL SYSTEM CONSISTING OF ELEVEN (11) CAC READER UNITS AT PRARNG FACILITIES BUILDINGS 540, 769 & 770 LOCATED AT COLUMBUS ST AND BORINQUENER ROAD, FORT BUCHANAN, PR 00934 AND CAMP SANTIAGO JOINT TRAINING CENTER. THE OFFEROR SHALL SUPPLY REPORTING AND MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE CAPABLE OF SUPPORTING MANAGEMENT OF ALL CONNECTED DEVICES. THE UNITS WILL BE COMPATIBLE TO MEET OR EXCEED THE SPECIFICATIONS LISTED IN PARAGRAPH 5.0 (REQUIREMENTS) ON THE SCOPE OF WORK (SOW) CONTAINED IN THIS SOLICITATION. SYSTEM WILL INCLUDE CONFIGURATION AND MAINTAINANCE ALL AMAG ACCESS CONTROL PANELS, SOFTWARE, POWER SUPPLIES, BATTERIES AND HID PIV CARD READERS W/ KEYPAD AT ALL REQUESTED DOORS AS DEFINED IN THE SOW. AMAG SOFTWARE WILL BE CONFIGURED TO READ ALL GOVERNMENT ISSUED CARDS. DOOR HARDWARE AND CONDUIT WILL BE INSTALLED AS NEEDED IN EACH DOOR DEPENDING ON THE FUNCTIONALITY. PERIOD OF PERFOMANCE INCLUDING ARRIVAL OF MATERIALS ON SITE AND ACCEPTANCE IS 120 CALENDAR DAYS. IN ACCORDANCE WITH AR 530-1, OPERATIONS SECURITY, NEW CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES SHALL COMPLETE LEVEL I OPSEC TRAINING WITHIN 10 CALENDAR DAYS OF THEIR REPORTING FOR PERFORMANCE AND ANNUALLY THEREAFTER. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL SUBMIT CERTIFICATES OF COMPLETION FOR EACH AFFECTED CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE, TO THE POC, OR TO THE KO IF A POC IS NOT ASSIGNED, WITHIN 10 CALENDAR DAYS AFTER COMPLETION OF TRAINING. LEVEL 1 OPSEC TRAINING IS AVAILABLE AT HTTP://CDSETRAIN.DTIC.MIL/OPSEC/ AN AWARD RESULTING FROM THIS REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) SHALL BE MADE TO THE RESPONSIBLE OFFEROR WHOSE OFFER CONFORMS TO THE RFQ AND WILL BE MOST ADVANTAGEOUS TO THE GOVERNMENT. THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN SUBPART 12.6, AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; QUOTES ARE BEING REQUESTED AND SEPARATE WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED. THIS SOLICITATION IS ISSUED AS A REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) COMPETED IAW FAR PART 12, SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITION PROCEDURES FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS WITH DESIGNATED NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) 561621 WITH A BUSINESS SIZE IN DOLLARS OF $25M. QUOTES FAILING TO MEET ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS SOLICITATION; TO INCLUDE BUY TERMS, LINE-ITEM DESCRIPTIONS, AND ATTACHMENTS, MAY NOT BE EVALUATED FOR AWARD. ONE (1) FIRM-FIXED PRICE (FFP) CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED AS A RESULT OF THIS SOLICITATION. ANY REFERENCE TO THE TERM “BID” IN THIS SOLICITATION IS USED SYNONYMOUSLY WITH THE WORD “QUOTE”. PLEASE SEE FAR 13.004-LEGAL EFFECT OF QUOTATIONS. ONLY NEW ITEMS ARE ACCEPTED, NO REMANUFACTURED, OR REFURBISHED EQUIPMENT. ALL ITEMS MUST BE COVERED BY THE MANUFACTURER’S WARRANTY. THE RESPONSES TO THIS RFQ ARE INTENDED TO BE EVALUATED, AND AWARD MADE WITHOUT DISCUSSIONS, UNLESS DISCUSSIONS ARE DEEMED TO BE NECESSARY. SINCE AWARD WILL BE BASED ON INITIAL RESPONSES, QUOTERS ARE HIGHLY ENCOURAGED TO QUOTE THEIR MOST ADVANTAGEOUS PRICING IN THEIR INITIAL RESPONSE. THIS REQUIREMENT IS BEING SOLICITED AS A 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE. ALL PROSPECTIVE OFFERORS MUST HAVE A COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY (CAGE) CODE OR A UNIQUE ENTITY IDENTIFIER (UEI) AND BE REGISTERED WITH SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) AT HTTP://WWW.SAM.GOV. RESPOND BY COMPLETING BLOCKS 17A ENTERING YOUR BUSINESS CAGE CODE, NAME AND TELEPHONE NUMBER AND BLOCK 30 (ALL LETTERS) OF THE SOLICITATION CONTAINED HEREIN (SF-1449) SIGNING OFFER AS FIRM AND ACCURATE WITH OFFERED PRICES REFLECTED ON SECTION B UNDER CLIN 0001 AND CLIN 0002. FAILURE TO COMPLETE OFFER AS PRESCRIBED WILL RENDER OFFER AS NONRESPONSIVE. BASIS OF AWARD: PRICE ONLY. AWARD WILL BE MADE TO THE LOWEST PRICED QUOTE THAT FULFILLS ALL THE GOVERNMENT SPECIFICATIONS DESCRIBED IN THIS SOLICITATION, QUOTES THAT FAIL TO MEET THE GOVERNMENT’S SCHEDULE OF SOUGHT ITEMS AND ALL DESCRIBED SPECIFICATIONS WILL BE DEEMED UNACCEPTABLE AND DISQUALIFIED FROM COMPETITION. IAW FAR 52.204-7 BY SUBMISSION OF AN OFFER, THE OFFEROR ACKNOWLEDGES THE REQUIREMENT THAT A PROSPECTIVE AWARDEE SHALL BE REGISTERED IN THE SAM DATABASE PRIOR TO AWARD, DURING PERFORMANCE, AND THROUGH FINAL PAYMENT OF ANY CONTRACT RESULTING FROM THIS SOLICITATION. THE SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) IS THE OFFICIAL U.S. GOVERNMENT SYSTEM THAT CONSOLIDATED THE CAPABILITIES OF CCR/FEDREG, ORCA, AND EPLS. THERE IS NO FEE TO REGISTER FOR THIS SITE. ENTITIES MAY REGISTER AT NO COST DIRECTLY FROM HTTPS://WWW.SAM.GOV/PORTAL/PUBLIC/SAM/ LACK OF REGISTRATION IN THE SAM DATABASE WILL MAKE A QUOTER INELIGIBLE FOR AWARD. VENDOR MUST ALSO BE REGISTERED IN WIDE AREA WORKFLOW TO RECEIVE PAYMENT THROUGH ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER. TO ADDRESS THE INSTALLATION COMPLEXITIES OF THESE SECURITY SYSTEMS, A SITE VISIT WILL BE HELD ON MARCH 12, 2026 AT FT.BUCHANAN, USPFO-PR WAREHOUSE BLDG 541, BORINQUENER RD. (PLEASE REVIEW ATTENDANCE REQUIREMENTS DETAILS CONTAINED IN THE NOTICE). DUE DATE TO RECEIVE QUESTIONS IS SET FOR MARCH 17, 2026 AT 2:00PM EST (LOCAL TIME). THE GOVERNMENT INTENDS TO PROVIDE THEIR RESPONSES IN OR AROUND CLOSE OF BUSINESS (4:00PM EST), MARCH 24, 2026. DUE DATE TO SUBMIT OFFERS HAS BEEN SET FOR MARCH 27, 2026, AT 11:00AM EST (LOCAL TIME). OFFERORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO SUBMIT RELEVANT ATTACHMENTS TO SUPPORT SUGGESTED ACCESS SYSTEM SOLUTION FEATURES AND/OR FUCTIONALITIES AND REFERENCES OF HAVING EXPERIENCE IN SIMILAR PROJECTS. DUE TO SECURITY CONDITIONS, ALL OFFERORS MUST REGISTER TO ATTEND SITE VISITS AT BOTH SITES. EMAIL THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION FOR ALL ATTENDEES TO ANGEL F. SOLIS-CONTRACT SPECIALIST AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS: ANGEL.SOLIS.2@US.AF.MIL FIRM NAME AND TELEPHONE NUMBER VISITOR’S NAME AND SOCIAL SECURITY NO. REAL ID DRIVERS LICENSE (COPY) DATE OF BIRTH CITIZENSHIP THIS INFORMATION MUST BE PROVIDED IN ADVANCE NO LATER THAN MARCH 10, 2026 AT 2:00PM EST (LOCAL TIME), IN ORDER TO ENSURE EXPEDIENT ACCESS TO THE MILITARY BASES ENSURE TO PLAN ACCORDINLY TO ARRIVE EARLY ON THE SET FOR THE SITE VISITS ON MARCH 12, 2026. SITE VISIT AT FT. BUCHANAN WILL BE HELD AT 9:30AM AND AT CAMP SANTIAGO JOINT TRAINING CENTER AT 12:30PM RESPECTIVELY. THE FURNISHING OF THE ABOVE INFORMATION IS VOLUNTARY; HOWEVER, YOUR FAILURE TO FURNISH ALL OR PART OF THE REQUESTED INFORMATION MAY RESULT IN THE GOVERNMENT’S DENIAL OF YOUR ACCESS TO THE SITE VISITS. THIS INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE BASE INSTALLATION SECURITY WHO WILL AUTHORIZE YOUR ENTRANCE TO THE SITE. VISITORS MUST REPORT AT THE REFERENCED INSTALLATION (S) MAIN ENTRY GATE WHERE THE SITE VISITS WILL TAKE PLACE AND BE ALOWED THE ISSUE OF A BASE ACCESS BADGE. YOU WILL BE REQUIRED TO PRESENT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION UPON ARRIVAL: (1) VEHICLE REGISTRATION, (2) VALID DRIVERS LICENSE, (3) SAFETY INSPECTION AND CAR RENTAL AGREEMENT IF APPLICABLE. ANY OF THE ABOVE INFORMATION FURNISHED BY YOU IS PROTECTED UNDER THE PRIVACY ACT AND SHALL NOT BE RELEASED UNLESS PERMITTED BY LAW AND/OR YOU HAVE CONSENTED TO SUCH. INFORMATION PROVIDED AT THIS SITE VISIT SHALL NOT MODIFY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SOLICITATION AND SPECIFICATIONS. TERMS OF THE SOLICITATION AND SPECIFICATIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED UNLESS THE SOLICITATION IS AMENDED IN WRITING. IF AN AMENDMENT IS ISSUED, NORMAL PROCEDURES RELATING TO THE ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND RECEIPT OF SOLICITATION AMENDMENTS SHALL APPLY. A RECORD OF THE CONFERENCE SHALL BE MADE AND FURNISHED TO ALL PROSPECTIVE BIDDERS VIA POSTING AT HTTPS://SAM.GOV. THE RECORD WILL INCLUDE QUESTIONS (ON A NON-ATTRIBUTION BASIS) AND ANSWERS. FORMAL COMMUNICATION, OFFEROR EXPLANATIONS: SUBMIT ALL QUESTIONS IN THE FORMAT SHOWN BELOW BY EMAIL TO THE CONTRACTING OFFICE AT THE ADDRESSES SHOW BELOW. DO NOT CONTACT THE CONSTRUCTION AND FACILITIES MANAGEMENT OFFICE (CFMO) DIRECTLY. DOING SO WILL ONLY DELAY YOUR ANSWER. ALL QUESTIONS MUST COME THROUGH THE CONTRACTING OFFICE. SUBJECT LINE: REFERENCE NO. SOLICITATION W912LR26QA011 EMAIL: ANGEL.SOLIS.2@US.AF.MIL PRE-BID INQUIRY FORMAT DATE OF BID INQUIRY: _______________ FROM: ______________________________ COMPANY NAME: ________________________________ ADDRESS:__________________________________________________________________________ PHONE NUMBER: _____________________________ FAX NUMBER:______________________________ EMAIL ADDRESS: ________________________________________________________________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angel F. solis
  - Email: angel.solis.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 787-253-5238
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Maj Rolando Perez
  - Email: rolando.perez.9@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7872539537

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/13285eb807c44fbb87027ecbd23ea4c8/view)