---
layout: default
title: Material Handling Equipment (MHE) & Industrial Equipment (IE) Services, Los Angeles District (SPL), USACE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 17325989e2fa498d8169c8f1843dcc04
---

# Material Handling Equipment (MHE) & Industrial Equipment (IE) Services, Los Angeles District (SPL), USACE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 11:46:08.774-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PL26S0016

## Summary

This SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE is for information only. Replies by interested parties will be used by the Los Angeles District (SPL), USACE for preliminary planning purposes. No proposal or contract will be awarded from this notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow-up information requests. Everything contained in this sources sought is subject to change. The purpose of this sources sought notice is to identify qualified and interested contractors capable of providing Material Handling Equipment (MHE) and Industrial Equipment (IE) services for the USACE Los Angeles District, Operations Division. Scope: USACE?SPL requires recurring maintenance, inspection, repair, towing, transport, and emergency support for its fleet of: Fifty?four (54) Material Handling Equipment (MHE) units Forty?three (43) Industrial Equipment (IE) units Note: See attachment for listing of locations where equipment is located. Majority of equipment is located at: USACE?SPL Base Yard, City of South El Monte, CA These assets support mission?critical operations across the Los Angeles District. The Government seeks qualified firms capable of providing certified technicians, compliant safety practices, and reliable service delivery. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS Core Services Respondents must indicate capability to perform the following Performance Based Work Statement (PBWS) requirements. Checking a capability box constitutes an assertion that your firm can fulfil the requirement at time of award. (See Attachment) Technician Qualifications To ensure safe, compliant, and reliable service, the Government seeks firms employing technicians with relevant certifications. The Government may verify any information submitted. (See Attachment) The Government is seeking to identify qualified sources either singularly or as part of an assembled team under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 811310-commercial and industrial machinery repair and maintenance Period of Performance: Base Year and Four (4) Option Years Value: $1M-$5M over performance period Place of Performance: USACE?SPL Base Yard, City of South El Monte, CA (Work Hours: USACE Core Hours, 0600–1830, Monday–Friday) In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, small business prime contractors will not pay more than 50% (services) of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Interested sources shall submit the information below. Responses, not to exceed a total of six pages, must include the following information: Offerors name, address, point of contact, with telephone numbers, and email addresses. Business size/classification, to include any designations as a Small Business, HUBZone, Service Disabled, Veteran Owned, Women-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), in addition to others Past experience on individual projects of similar scope, magnitude, and complexity to what is described above, describing no more than three (3) projects within the past six (6) years. Description of experience on projects to include: (Project title, location, and general description to demonstrate direct relevance to the described work above)(Percentage of offerors’ role and work scopes self-performed versus subcontracted)(Dollar value of project)(Name of company, agency, or Government entity for which the work was performed (include reference name, contact phone number and e-mail address for each task order described)(scopes self-performed vs subcontracted. If past performance was as a JV, indicate which scopes was performed by which JV member) If submitting as a JV, please include information about the JV (mentor-protégé agreement, JV agreement, etc) Bonding: Provide single and aggregate bonding limits Brief Capability Narrative: Briefly describe your firm’s ability to perform all PBWS tasks, including management of subcontractors (if applicable) PBWS Capability Checklist: Indicate all applicable areas your firm can perform as described above Describe your ability to perform services in: (Orange and LA Counties, CA)(La Paz, Maricopa and Pinal Counties, AZ)(Lincoln County, NV) Certifications Checklist: Identify technician certifications held by your firm (e.g., OSHA, manufacturer certifications, specialty training) Signed Certification Statement: Complete and sign the certification statement below: By submitting this response, I certify that: The information provided is accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge. I understand that this Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for market research and does not constitute a solicitation. I acknowledge that failure to provide complete or accurate information may remove my firm from consideration during market research

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Roger Minami, Procurement Analyst
  - Email: kinya.r.minami@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: listing of locations where equipment is located. Majority of equipment is located at: USACE?SPL Base Yard, City of South El Monte, CA These assets support mission?critical operations across the Los Angeles District. The Government seeks qualified firms capable of providing certified technicians, compliant safety practices, and reliable service delivery. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS Core Services Respondents must indicate capability to perform the following Performance Based Work Statement (PBWS) requirements. Checking a capability box constitutes an assertion that your firm can fulfil the requirement at time of award. (See Attachment) Technician Qualifications To ensure safe, compliant, and reliable service, the Government seeks firms employing technicians with relevant certifications. The Government may verify any information submitted. (See Attachment) The Government is seeking to identify qualified sources either singularly or as part of an assembled team under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 811310-commercial and industrial machinery repair and maintenance Period of Performance: Base Year and Four (4) Option Years Value: $1M-$5M over performance period Place of Performance: USACE?SPL Base Yard, City of South El Monte, CA (Work Hours: USACE Core Hours, 0600–1830, Monday–Friday) In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, small business prime contractors will not pay more than 50% (services) of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor"s 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Interested sources shall submit the information below. Responses, not to exceed a total of six pages, must include the following information: Offerors name, address, point of contact, with telephone numbers, and email addresses. Business size/classification, to include any designations as a Small Business, HUBZone, Service Disabled, Veteran Owned, Women-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), in addition to others Past experience on individual projects of similar scope, magnitude, and complexity to what is described above, describing no more than three (3) projects within the past six (6) years. Description of experience on projects to include: (Project title, location, and general description to demonstrate direct relevance to the described work above)(Percentage of offerors’ role and work scopes self-performed versus subcontracted)(Dollar value of project)(Name of company, agency, or Government entity for which the work was performed (include reference name, contact phone number and e-mail address for each task order described)(scopes self-performed vs subcontracted. If past performance was as a JV, indicate which scopes was performed by which JV member) If submitting as a JV, please include information about the JV (mentor-protégé agreement, JV agreement, etc) Bonding: Provide single and aggregate bonding limits Brief Capability Narrative: Briefly describe your firm’s ability to perform all PBWS tasks, including management of subcontractors (if applicable) PBWS Capability Checklist: Indicate all applicable areas your firm can perform as described above Describe your ability to perform services in: (Orange and LA Counties, CA)(La Paz, Maricopa and Pinal Counties, AZ)(Lincoln County, NV) Certifications Checklist: Identify technician certifications held by your firm (e.g., OSHA, manufacturer certifications, specialty training) Signed Certification Statement: Complete and sign the certification statement below: By submitting this response, I certify that: The information provided is accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge. I understand that this Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for market research and does not constitute a solicitation. I acknowledge that failure to provide complete or accurate information may remove my firm from consideration during market research

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/17325989e2fa498d8169c8f1843dcc04/view)