---
layout: default
title: LOCK AND DAM 25 NEW 1,200 FT LOCK NAVIGATION AND ECOSYSTEM SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAM (NESP) - Notice of Intent for Brand Name Products
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 40a85129b1fa4ae3840252d3492900ed
---

# LOCK AND DAM 25 NEW 1,200 FT LOCK NAVIGATION AND ECOSYSTEM SUSTAINABILITY PROGRAM (NESP) - Notice of Intent for Brand Name Products

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-08 10:13:36.229-04
- Solicitation Number: W912P924R2937

## Summary

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, St. Louis District, is seeking Justification and Approval (JandA) approval for multiple brand name products to be used in the construction of the new 1,200 ft Lock at Lock and Dam 25. ------------------------------------------------------------------ Rockwell Automation (RA) owns Allen-Bradley (A-B) which is a brand name of several product lines for automation and industrial controls equipment. The majority of controls hardware is sold under the A-B moniker and controls software products are under the RA name. For the purposes of this JandA, RA and A-B are considered to be the same manufacturer. Though a contract will not be awarded directly to RA by the Government, Rockwell Automation Inc. industrial control equipment, control network components, and software products will be specified in the design-bid-build contract for construction of the project. The construction contractor will be required to procure Rockwell Automation Inc. products, either directly from Rockwell Automation Inc. or through an authorized product distributor. The construction contract is planned to be awarded under a full and open solicitation. This JandA seeks approval for the sole-source brand name acquisition of Rockwell Automations industrial control products due to their critical compatibility with existing and future systems in St. Louis District and other Lock and Dam facilities. This approach minimizes operational discrepancies, supports standardized components, and optimizes benefit-cost ratios for construction, operations, maintenance, and training. The requested brand name specific requirements only pertain to various control system components and software which are a very small, but critical, part of the overall project scope and cost. The brand name products required to be procured by the construction contractor per contract specifications are necessary for the control and SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) systems for the new 1200ft Lock to allow compatibility and integration with the existing 600ft Lock and Dam control system already installed at Lock and Dam 25 and other MVS lock and dam facilities. These systems are of the programable logic controller (PLC) type, known as a PLC-based control system, and include human machine interface (HMI) control stations. The specified brand name products include the following items:- PLC Processor: A-B 1756 ControlLogix/GuardLogix controllers;- Remote Input/Output (I/O) Hardware: A-B 1756 Ethernet Interface and I/O modules;- Power Supply: A-B 1606 24VDC supply and redundancy modules;- PLC and HMI Ethernet Switches: A-B Stratix; - HMI Panels: A-B PanelView 5000;- PLC Programming Software: RW Studio 5000 and;- HMI Application Software: RW FactoryTalk View. ------------------------------------------------------------------ Justification and Approval (JandA) is being requested for the use of AVIgilion and Software House branded products for a new contract for the NESP L25 New 1200ft Lock project located at Winfield, MO. The intent is to pursue limited competition for specific components of the Electronic Security System and Video Surveillance System. Though a contract will not be awarded directly to Avigilon, the video cameras and video control software products will be specified in the design-bid-build contract for construction of the project. The construction contractor will be required to procure Avigilion products either directly from Avigilion, or through an authorized product distributor. Thought a contract will not be awarded directly to Software House, edge devices, security servers, and electronic security software will be specified in the design-bid-build contract for construction of the project. The construction contractor will be required to procure Software House products either directly from Software House or through an authorized product distributor. The construction contract is planned to be awarded under a full and open solicitation, with funds appropriated from Lock Construction General (CG). This JandA seeks approval for the sole source acquisition of Avigilion?s video management system due to their critical compatibility with existing and future MVS and other Lock and Dam facilities. This approach minimizes operational discrepancies, supports standardized components, and optimizes benefit-cost ratios for construction, operations, and maintenance. The requested brand name specific requirements only pertain to various electronic security components and software which are a very small, but critical, part of the overall project scope and cost. The brand name products required to be procured by the construction contractor per contract specifications are necessary for the electronic security system and video surveillance for the new 1200ft Lock to allow standardization, compatibility and integration with other MVS lock and dam facilities. These systems are the Video Management Software that stores, organizes, and displays video content on an IP Network, an Electronic Security System Software that monitors, manages, and controls security devices, and Door Controllers. The specified band name products include the following items: - Software License, Avigilion Unity Video Software - Software License, C Cure 9000 SiteServer, SSVR3-64 - 1-Door Controller, iSTAR Edge 1-reader, ESTAR001-MB - 2-Door Controller, iSTAR Edge 2-reader, ESTAR002-MB - 4-Door Controller, iSTAR Edge 4-reader, ESTAR004-MB - 32-Door Controller, iSTAR Ultra G2, GSTAR-ACM-4U.------------------------------------------------------------------ This Justification and Approval (JandA) is being requested for the use of Durham GeoSlope Indicator, GeoKon, and Campbell Scientific branded products for a new contract for the NESP L25 New 1200ft Lock project located at Winfield, MO. The intent is to pursue limited competition for specific instrumentation components, to include measurement devices, casings, proprietary software, equipment to facilitate data collection, and various other supporting components. Though a contract will not be awarded directly to Durham GeoSlope, GeoKon, or Campbell Scientific, instrumentation components will be specified in the design-bid-build contract for construction of the project. The construction contractor will be required to procure Durham GeoSlope, GeoKon, or Campbell Scientific products, either directly or through an authorized product distributor. The construction contract is planned to be awarded under a full and open solicitation, with funds appropriated from Lock Construction General (CG). This JandA seeks approval for the sole-source acquisition of Durham GeoSlope, GeoKon, or Campbell Scientific instrumentation components products due to their critical compatibility with existing and future systems in MVS and other Lock and Dam facilities. The requested brand name specific requirements only pertain to various instrumentation components which are a very small, but critical, part of the overall project scope and cost. Included in this contract is installing instrumentation measurement devices and an automated data acquisition system to critical areas of the project, which will provide constant, remotely accessible readings during critical times. This will improve monitoring of the project to assess the potential risks and better understand the deficiencies. The Durham Geo Slope Indicator brand name hardware and software to be purchased includes the instrument?s casings, the proprietary software, equipment to facilitate data collection, and required supporting components. The GeoKon brand name products necessary for this requirement are vibrating wire transducers, pressure cells, tiltmeters, lightning arrestors, and additional cables. The transducers, pressure cells, and tiltmeters are fabricated with cables eliminating a submerged connection. The cables will be connected to Geokon lightning arrestors to provide protection from electrical interference and the elements. Additional cables will be required for connections from the lightening arrestor to the Campbell Scientific dataloggers. The Campbell Scientific Inc. brand name hardware and software to be purchased in order to setup the automated system includes the dataloggers for data collection, internal system communication components, external communication components, the proprietary software, equipment to support vibrating wire transducers, and required supporting components. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This notice is not a request for competitive quotes. No requests for capability briefings will be honored as a result of this notice and any information provided will not be used as part of any subsequent solicitation requirement. No telephonic inquiries will be honored. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed action based on responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Whitney Dee
  - Email: whitney.r.dee@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 314-402-3109

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/40a85129b1fa4ae3840252d3492900ed/view)