---
layout: default
title: Z2DB--Renovate Imaging and Catheterization Lab 570-21-220 Fresno VA Medical Center Fresno
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 4ea42e67c0384b399603b6fbdbfe3d7d
---

# Z2DB--Renovate Imaging and Catheterization Lab 570-21-220 Fresno VA Medical Center Fresno

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-20 16:50:49.623-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126R0045
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY No# 36C26126R0045 No Solicitation is currently Available Project Title: Catheterization Lab and Imaging Renovation Fresno, CA, Fresno VA Medical Center PLACE OF PERFORMANCE VA Central California Health Care System Fresno VA Medical Center 2615 East Clinton Avenue, Fresno, CA 93703-2223 Description: This Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this Sources Sought Notice that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul RFO 15.101(c)( https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-15#FAR_15_101 ), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this Sources Sought Notice. Point of Contact: Mr. Rosario Chaidez, Contracting Officer, e-mail: Rosario.chaidez1@va.gov All associated project documents may be incorporated into the Proposal Request, which shall be posted electronically through https://sam.gov at a future date. Inquiries will only be accepted in writing via e-mail to Rosario.chaidez1@va.gov on or before Wednesday, April 29, 2026, by 2:00 PM (PT) Subject: Sources Sought Notice, Catheterization Lab and Imaging Renovation Fresno VA Medical Center, Project No. 570-21-220, Fresno, CA The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this Sources Sought Notice or to pay for the information solicited. All information contained in this Sources Sought Announcement is preliminary, as well as subject to modification. Although proposal, offeror, contractor, and offeror may be used in this sources sought notice, any response will be treated as information only. It shall not be used as a proposal. The purpose of this sources sought is to conduct market research to support the project identified above. This notice serves to survey the market in an attempt to ascertain whether or not sources are capable of providing the requested services. This notice allows potential contractors/vendors to submit a non-binding statement of interest and documentation demonstrating their capability. The sources sought effort is intended to assess industry capabilities and develop/support the intended direction of acquisition planning. The Network Contracting Office (NCO 21) is requesting responses from qualified business concerns; the qualifying NAICS code for this effort is 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. This sources sought notice is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classifications (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman-owned small business, or large business) relative to NAICS 236220. Responses to this notice, will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Based upon information received in response to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government shall make a determination on a procurement strategy, which shall include the type of small business set-aside, if appropriate. The eventual procurement strategy and set-aside, if appropriate, is solely within the discretion of the Government. After review of the responses to this notice, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this notice are not considered adequate responses to any corresponding solicitation announcement. All interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation announcement in addition to responding to this notice. Issuance of this notice does not constitute any obligation whatsoever on the part of the Government to procure these services, or to issue a solicitation, nor to notify respondents of the results of this notice. No solicitation documents exist at this time; however, in the event the acquisition strategy demonstrates that an internal contracting vehicle is a viable option for procuring a solution, the request for proposal (RFP) shall be posted internally. The Department of Veterans Affairs is neither seeking quotes nor accepting unsolicited quotes, and responses to this notice cannot be accepted as offers. Any information received from a contractor in response to this Sources Sought Notice may be used in creating a solicitation. Any information received which is marked with a statement, such as proprietary or confidential, intended to restrict distribution will not be distributed outside of the Government, except as required by law. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this Sources Sought. Background & Description of Work: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide all materials, labor, tools, equipment, transportation, supervision, project management, administrative support, and specialized expertise to perform the work stipulated in the Statement of Work and Specifications attached. The project is to focus on the renovation of the 10,200 square feet Catheterization Lab located on the second floor of the East Wing for Veterans Hospital. This will involve the relocation of the existing ultrasound and fluoroscopy equipment to the renovated imaging suite. The major remodeling will include moving the radiology rooms (3), ultrasound rooms (2), patient restroom, central staff work area, communications closet, and electrical room, as well as building a new ultrasound room. The scope of work includes complete Architectural, Structural, Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing design is provided for the new and renovated areas. This includes, but is not limited to, new finishes, removal and installation of walls, floors, and ceilings, lighting, power, HVAC, and plumbing. The period of performance for all work is three hundred and thirty (330) consecutive calendar days from the issuance of the Notice to Proceed (NTP) for the VA Central California Healthcare System (VACCHCS), Fresno VA Medical Center at Fresno, CA. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, and the small business size standard is $45.0 Million. PSC Code is Z2DB Repair and Alteration of Laboratories and Clinics. In accordance with Veterans Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR)

836.204 Disclosure of the magnitude of this construction project is anticipated between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. Potential Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for an award (See https://www.sam.gov/SAM/pages/public/index.jsf). Potential Offerors must also have a current Online Representations and Certification Application on file with SAM. All interested Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) will be verified by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and be listed in the Small Business Administration s (SBA). The Contracting Officer (CO) will use the SBA Dynamic Small Business Search (SBA DSBS) (https://dsbs.sba.gov/search/dsp_dsbs.cfm ) to verify SDVOSB status until further guidance is provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. INSTRUCTIONS: Because the solicitation strategy is dependent upon responses to this sources sought notice, interested parties are encouraged to provide complete and accurate responses to all items below, and should be limited to a brief description of one (1) page maximum (not including a cover letter). If any portions seem unclear or prohibited, and/or you are unsure about the descriptions of the requirement, please list your comments and/or concerns in your response so they can be addressed. a) STATEMENT OF CAPABILITY - Demonstrate how your company can provide the requested services that are required in the attached Statement of Work (SOW) both in magnitude and scope. Include past experience (within the past five years) in similar in both in magnitude and scope services to the VA, other Government (Federal or State) agencies, or a private facility. Include general information, a brief description of the work, and the total magnitude of each project. b) SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS - Specify under which disadvantaged group and if your firm is certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act. Indicate if your firm is a certified Service- Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB). c) INCLUDE CAGE and SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number of your company on your response. d) BONDING CAPABILITY: Provide per individual contract and aggregate amount. Provide the amount of aggregate bonding currently available (i.e., the amount not committed). e) QUESTIONS Provide answers to the following questions: 1. Does the magnitude of construction seem feasible? 2. Is the period of performance (PoP) listed in the statement of work reasonable? 330 calendar days from NTP. 3. Has your firm performed a similar project on a scale in an active clinic similar to the Statement of Work? If so, how recent? 4. Has your firm completed any alteration projects for a clinics, laboratories, and hospital buildings before and in an active healthcare environment? What would your proposed general method be? 5. Has your company had previous experience with working with the Government or the VA specifically? 6. This work will require experienced journeymen technicians. Are such employees on staff, or will the services need to be subcontracted? If a subcontractor is needed, how long or how many previous jobs of similar scale and scope have your firms worked together? 7. If known, what are any estimated lead times for this project material or items, and any potential supply chain disruptions or other issues you foresee? 8. Provide any input or project concerns that you foresee. If interested, responses are due in writing only by Wednesday April 29, 2026, by 2:00 PM (PT) Please submit e-mail responses to Mr. Rosario Chaidez, Contracting Officer, at e-mail: Rosario.Chaidez1@va.gov. Please place Response to Sources Sought for Renovation Imaging and Cath Lab, Fresno VA in the subject line of your e-mail. This notice is to assist the VA in determining sources only. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this Sources Sought Notice that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with RFO 15.101(c)( https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-15#FAR_15_101 ), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this Sources Sought Notice. ----- End of Sources Sought Notice-----

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mr. Rosario Chaidez
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Rosario.chaidez1@va.gov
  - Phone: 916-923-4548

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4ea42e67c0384b399603b6fbdbfe3d7d/view)