---
layout: default
title: Small Arms Protective Inserts (SAPI) Foreign Military Sales (FMS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: aa9ba66e22d24dd9a33950051652f837
---

# Small Arms Protective Inserts (SAPI) Foreign Military Sales (FMS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 09:44:04.148-04
- Solicitation Number: W91CRB-26-R-A006_SAPI

## Summary

*** 31 March 2026 - Uploaded Amendment 0003 and Attachement 15 "QUESTION 13 W91CRB-26-R-A006 SAPI 21 March 2026 ** *** 30 March 2026 - Uploaded Amendment 0002 and Attachement 14 "QUESTION 8 - 12 W91CRB-26-R-A006 SAPI 27 March 2026. Also, Attachement 10 - Section L M 27 March 2026. Please review all for updates.*** *** 11 March 2026 - Uploaded Amendment 0001 and Attachement 13 "Questions 1-7 W91CRB-26-R-A006 SAPI 11 March 2026"*** *** 29 January 2026 - Uploaded updated Attachment 7. *** The U.S. Army Contracting Command at Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) is issuing this solicitation for Small Arms Protective Insert (SAPI) in support of the United States Army Security Assistance Command (USASAC). SAPI provide ballistic protection when placed in the Outer Tactical Vest (OTV) / Improved Outer Tactical Vest (OTV / IOTV) or Soldier Plate Carrier System (SPCS) (as a component of the Interceptor Body Armor (IBA) system), or other current/future body armor systems. The systems identified above are designated as a critical safety item (CSI). SAPI sizes shall include X-Small, Small, Medium, Large, and X-large. The contract type for this requirement is a single award Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), Firm Fixed Price (FFP), with a five (5) year ordering period, in accordance with FAR 16.504. Orders will be issued on an as-needed basis. These orders will support various Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Cases. Contract minimum and maximum limitations are identified in the solicitation. In accordance with DFAR Clause 252.225-7012, products provided must be in compliance with the Berry Amendment, in that all components of the item are to be grown, reprocessed, reused, or produced in the United States. Ballistic resistance testing will be required. First Article Testing (FAT), Production Lot Testing and Quality Assurance testing protocol and details will be identified in the solicitation. This solicitation will be out for a total of 90 days and as part of the solicitation, the contractor is required to submit Product Demonstration Models (PDM) for Government test and evaluation. The electronic, on-line version of the solicitation includes all documents of the solicitation package. Amendments, if any, will be posted at the same location as the solicitation. The complete solicitation package, including amendments, should be received and reviewed prior to submitting a response. It is the responsibility of those responding to the solicitation to obtain all amendments and/or other applicable documents associated with the solicitation. The Point of Contact (POC) for this action is Andrea Seaman – andrea.l.seaman.civ@mail.mil. All questions or comments in response to the Solicitation shall be submitted, in writing via the instructions posted in the solicitation. NOTE: To obtain a copy of the Purchase Description (PD) and SAPI drawing specifications, each requestor will submit the form “Attachment 11 – Document Release Request Form” for approval to PEOs security PCO, with the solicitation as the subject title. Send email to PEO security PCO - Hopping, Jakob A CIV USARMY PEO SOLDIER (USA) jakob.a.hopping.civ@army.mil AND Contracting Officer - Shelby.a.saum.civ@army.mil. Once the interested offeror has obtained approval, that approval shall be sent to the contracting office Andrea Seaman andrea.l.seaman.civ@army.mil and Shelby Saum Shelby.a.saum.civ@army.mil for the Purchase Description (PD) and SAPI drawing specifications. It is the responsibility of interested offerors to monitor the SAM.gov website, on a regular basis, for any updates to these documents. Other documents, as necessary, will be posted when available.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrea L. Seaman
  - Email: andrea.l.seaman.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Shelby A. Saum
  - Email: shelby.a.saum.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . *** The U.S. Army Contracting Command at Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) is issuing this solicitation for Small Arms Protective Insert (SAPI) in support of the United States Army Security Assistance Command (USASAC). SAPI provide ballistic protection when placed in the Outer Tactical Vest (OTV) / Improved Outer Tactical Vest (OTV / IOTV) or Soldier Plate Carrier System (SPCS) (as a component of the Interceptor Body Armor (IBA) system), or other current/future body armor systems. The systems identified above are designated as a critical safety item (CSI). SAPI sizes shall include X-Small, Small, Medium, Large, and X-large. The contract type for this requirement is a single award Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), Firm Fixed Price (FFP), with a five (5) year ordering period, in accordance with FAR 16.504. Orders will be issued on an as-needed basis. These orders will support various Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Cases. Contract minimum and maximum limitations are identified in the solicitation. In accordance with DFAR Clause 252.225-7012, products provided must be in compliance with the Berry Amendment, in that all components of the item are to be grown, reprocessed, reused, or produced in the United States. Ballistic resistance testing will be required. First Article Testing (FAT), Production Lot Testing and Quality Assurance testing protocol and details will be identified in the solicitation. This solicitation will be out for a total of 90 days and as part of the solicitation, the contractor is required to submit Product Demonstration Models (PDM) for Government test and evaluation. The electronic, on-line version of the solicitation includes all documents of the solicitation package. Amendments, if any, will be posted at the same location as the solicitation. The complete solicitation package, including amendments, should be received and reviewed prior to submitting a response. It is the responsibility of those responding to the solicitation to obtain all amendments and/or other applicable documents associated with the solicitation. The Point of Contact (POC) for this action is Andrea Seaman – andrea.l.seaman.civ@mail.mil. All questions or comments in response to the Solicitation shall be submitted, in writing via the instructions posted in the solicitation. NOTE: To obtain a copy of the Purchase Description (PD) and SAPI drawing specifications, each requestor will submit the form “Attachment 11 – Document Release Request Form” for approval to PEOs security PCO, with the solicitation as the subject title. Send email to PEO security PCO - Hopping, Jakob A CIV USARMY PEO SOLDIER (USA) jakob.a.hopping.civ@army.mil AND Contracting Officer - Shelby.a.saum.civ@army.mil. Once the interested offeror has obtained approval, that approval shall be sent to the contracting office Andrea Seaman andrea.l.seaman.civ@army.mil and Shelby Saum Shelby.a.saum.civ@army.mil for the Purchase Description (PD) and SAPI drawing specifications. It is the responsibility of interested offerors to monitor the SAM.gov website, on a regular basis, for any updates to these documents. Other documents, as necessary, will be posted when available

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/aa9ba66e22d24dd9a33950051652f837/view)