---
layout: default
title: N063--Camera System Installation
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 87c4e9d23463474f92cc7ee0c821f30a
---

# N063--Camera System Installation

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 18:22:58.647-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0590
- Awardee: null

## Summary

1. NOTIFICATION: THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION ANNOUNCEMENT. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY This is neither a solicitation notice nor a request for proposal or quotes and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) toward a contract award. This Sources Sought Notice is intended for information and planning purposes only at this time. No evaluation letters and/or results will be issued to the respondents. No solicitation exists. Therefore, do not request a copy of a solicitation. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 8, Network Contracting Office 8 (NCO 8), is seeking information and potential qualified sources capable of meeting the following requirements: Installation of a camera system for VA Police Secure Communications Center (SCC) at the James A. Haley Veterans Hospital, Tampa, FL. The purpose of this notice is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources, and their business size classifications listed below, relative to the below-listed North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code. This notice will help the VA in determining available potential sources only. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Do not contact VA Medical Center staff regarding this requirement, as they are not authorized to discuss this matter related to this procurement action. After reviewing the responses to this Sources Sought Notice, a solicitation announcement may be published in Beta.SAM.gov, also known as Contract Opportunities. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice are NOT considered adequate responses to the solicitation announcement. All interested responders will have to submit a proposal to any resulting solicitation announcement to be considered for evaluation for any future contract award. 2. SCOPE OF WORK The purpose of service is to install upgrade and bring online the facility camera viewing and monitoring capabilities at 5 workstations in the SCC. The selected contractor shall provide turn-key services for installation of the required equipment. The Contractor shall provide design, project management, and installation of the SCC Camera system. Contractor is responsible for professional installation, and maintenance/warranty services for the system installed at JAHVH facility. The selected contractor shall provide all labor, materials, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary to satisfy the needs of this contract. This service project will install the existing VA supplied equipment needed to develop facility camera system monitoring. To include but not limited to, servers, server racks, switches, computers, monitors. System software should be Video Edge. 3. LOCATION: James A Haley Veterans Hospital 13000 Bruce B Downs Blvd; Tampa, FL 33612 4. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The Period of performance shall be from the time of award to completion of the project 5. CONTRACTING OFFICER - POINT OF CONTACT: All responses and questions will be addressed by the Contracting Officer and must be received via e-mail to katrina.tavares@va.gov.Telephone responses will not be accepted. Katrina Tavares Contracting Officer Katrina.tavares@va.gov Network Contracting Activity 8 (NCO 8) 8875 Hidden River Pkwy Tampa, FL 33637 6. RESPONSE DUE DATE: Please provide the requested information by e-mail to Katrina.tavares@va.gov no later than (NLT) the date and time provided below: Wednesday, April 22, 2026, no later than 12:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. 7. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE: NAICS CODE: 238210 NAICS DESCRIPTION: Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors NAICS BUSINESS SIZE: $19 Million 8. BUSINESS INFORMATION: If you are interested and can provide the required services, please provide the below requested information on your written response to this Sources Sought Notice: Business Name: ________ Business Address: Street: _________________, City, State, Zip Code: _____________, County: ____________, Business Website: _____________ Point of Contact: Name: _________________, Telephone: _____________, E-mail Address: _________, UNIQUE ENTITY ID (UEI) from SAM.gov.: _________ 9. BUSINESS SIZE: If you are interested and can provide the required services, pursuant to the above NAICS Code 238210, and Business Size Standard $19 Million, please provide the following business size information such as, but not limited, on your written response to this Sources Sought Notice: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) (Certified)? Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB)? Women Owned Small Business (WOSB)? Small Business (Disadvantaged)? Small Business (Emerging)? Non-profit organization? HUBZone Business? Large Business? Other: _____________ 10. SUBCONTRACTS: If a solicitation is issued for this requirement and if you intend to subcontract any work on any resulting contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed by your business? Please provide an estimated detailed percentage breakdown related to sub-contracted work and completion of the service requested. 11. GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS: CONTRACT INFORMATION: Does your business have any Government Contracts with any of the below-listed Government Agencies? If so, please provide the Agency, Contract Number, and the Contracting Officer Point of Contact Information Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) contract with the GSA? Veterans Administration: National Acquisition Center (NAC)? Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC)? Tactical Acquisition Center (TAC)? Other Government Agencies? CONTRACT AVAILABILITY: If you are a Government Contract holder, are the items/services you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? If so, please provide a copy of your contract and applicable pricing schedule. 12. GENERAL PRICING: General estimated pricing of your service/products/solution is encouraged. Estimated pricing will be used for market research only and to help determine price reasonableness. Pricing will not be used to evaluate for any type of contract award. 13. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: If your business can provide the required service, please provide a summary of your company s technical capabilities and ability to provide the required item/service per the attached SOW. 14. SOW FEEDBACK: Please review the applicable SOW and provide any feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as Not Applicable. 15. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. This Notice does not commit the government to contract for any supplies or services. All information received in response to this Notice that are marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this Notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement. The Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Sources Sought Notice. Any further information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. Requests for solicitation will not receive a response as a solicitation is not currently available. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice is not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is issued, it will be announced at a later date and information will be posted on the Sam.gov Contracting Opportunities web site. All qualified interested parties must respond to that Request For Quote/Proposal Solicitation Notice separately from the response to this Sources Sought Notice to be considered for award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Katrina Tavares
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: katrina.tavares@va.gov
  - Phone: 813-729-3586

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/87c4e9d23463474f92cc7ee0c821f30a/view)