---
layout: default
title: Aircraft Arresting System (AAS) and Re-Striping Homestead, ARB
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 6cec3435fda84274966c122254eca587
---

# Aircraft Arresting System (AAS) and Re-Striping Homestead, ARB

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 16:28:44.118-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR25RA054

## Summary

*NOTICE W912QR25RA054 is updated to include NEW FY26 Solicitation Number and current estimated Solicitation Date. Updates are shown via underlined and bolded text.*** DESCRIPTION: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Louisville District intends to issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) W912QR26RA050 for the Repair of an Aircraft Arresting System and Re-Striping project located at Homestead ARB, FL. A description of the construction project is as follows: This project will provide a fully functional, state of the art aircraft arresting systems for the runway. This project will accomplish all work required to complete the 10-year overhaul for the existing BAK-12 AAS, Project will replace the deteriorated BAK-12 shelters with new, frangible shelters. Tape tubes will be replaced. BAK-14s will be retrofitted with BAK-14Ms. Existing road surface from the taxiway to BAK-12 shelters will be paved. The E-5 cables in the overruns will be replaced with MB100.10.C bidirectional textile brake and hook cable arresting systems. Concrete tape sweeps and bypass roads for the textile brake systems will be placed. Project to include the restriping of the runway to return the runway to its current markings in well-marked condition after both thresholds have been relocated and returned to normal. All design, construction and AAS installation work will conform to the requirements of AFI32-1043, Managing, Operating and Maintaining Aircraft Arresting Systems, and applicable Technical Orders. Displaced thresholds, temporary marking and lighting are required when construction work is performed at each end of the runway. Phasing of work for this project shall be the responsibility of the contractor and will need to be coordinated with the Airfield Manager. The Contract Duration is estimated at four hundred eighty (480) calendar days from Administrative Notice to Proceed. TYPE OF CONTRACT AND NAICS: This RFP will be for one (1) Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract. The North American Industrial Classification System Code (NAICS) for this effort 236220. The Business Size Standard is $45M TYPE OF SET-ASIDE: This acquisition will be a Full-and-Open, Unrestricted procurement. HUBZone Price Evaluation Preference. SELECTION PROCESS: This is a single phase, Design/Bid/Build procurement. The proposals will be evaluated using a Best Value Trade Off source selection process. Past performance and technical information contained in the Offeror's proposal will be reviewed, evaluated, and rated by the Government. The proposal for this procurement, at a minimum, will consist of the following: Prime Contractor Past Performance, Technical Factor(s) such as management plan, and Price and Pro Forma Information such as bonding and financial capability will also be required to meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. All evaluation factors, other than price, when combined, are considered approximately equal to cost or price. DISCUSSIONS: The Government intends to award without discussions but reserves the right to conduct discussions should it be deemed in the Government's best interest. CONSTRUCTION MAGNITUDE: The magnitude of this construction project is anticipated to be between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000 in accordance with FAR 36.204. ANTICIPATED SOLICITATION RELEASE DATE: The Government anticipates releasing the solicitation on or about 18-MAY-2026. Details regarding Optional Site Visits will be included in the solicitation. Actual dates and times will be identified in the solicitation. SOLICITATION WEBSITE: The official solicitation, when posted, will be available free of charge by electronic posting only and may be found at the Contracting Opportunities website, www.SAM.gov. Paper copies of the solicitation will not be issued. Telephone and Fax requests for this solicitation will not be honored. Project files are Portable Document Format (PDF) files and can be viewed, navigated, or printed using Adobe Acrobat Reader. To download the solicitation for this project, contractors are required to register at the Federal Business Opportunities website at www.SAM.gov. Amendments, if/when issued, will be posted to the above referenced website for electronic downloading. This will be the only method of distributing amendments prior to closing; therefore, it is the Offerors responsibility to check the website periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. REGISTRATIONS: Offerors shall have and shall maintain an active registration in the following database: System for Award Management (SAM): Offerors shall have and shall maintain an active registration in the SAM database at http://www.sam.gov to be eligible for a Government contract award. If the Offeror is a Joint Venture (JV), the JV entity shall have valid SAM registration in the SAM database representing the JV as one business/firm/entity. If at the time of award an Offeror is not actively and successfully registered in the SAM database, the Government reserves the right to award to the next prospective Offeror. POINT-OF-CONTACT: The point-of-contact for this procurement is Contract Specialist Lindsay Lawrence at Lindsay.b.Lawrence@usace.army.mil. Responses to this synopsis are not required. This is an update to the previous Advance Notice announcement initially posted 14 August 2025 and revised 24 October 2025.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lindsay Lawrence
  - Email: lindsay.b.lawrence@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6cec3435fda84274966c122254eca587/view)