---
layout: default
title: S--Janitorial Services WFO Juneau, AK
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: bf1d7c52716540f180672458d81efab0
---

# S--Janitorial Services WFO Juneau, AK

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 16:24:01.238-04
- Solicitation Number: 1305M326Q0084

## Summary

AMENDMENT 0001: UPDATE RFO 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires. COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION Non-personal janitorial services for the National Weather Service (NWS), Weather Forecast Office (WFO) located in Juneau, AK. (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1305M326Q0084 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), janitorial services in Juneau, AK. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. The associated NAICS code is 561720. The small business size standard is $22.0M. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable). CLIN 0001 – Base Year Services, non-personal, to provide all labor, equipment and materials (unless otherwise provided herein) necessary for Janitorial Services at the Weather Forecast Office (WFO) in Juneau, AK, in accordance with the Statement of Work. Period of Performance 04/01/2026 through 03/31/2027. CLIN 1001 – Option Year 1 Services, non-personal, to provide all labor, equipment and materials (unless otherwise provided herein) necessary for Janitorial Services at the Weather Forecast Office (WFO) in Juneau, AK, in accordance with the Statement of Work. Period of Performance 04/01/2027 through 03/31/2028. CLIN 2001 – Option Year 2 Services, non-personal, to provide all labor, equipment and materials (unless otherwise provided herein) necessary for Janitorial Services at the Weather Forecast Office (WFO) in Juneau, AK, in accordance with the Statement of Work. Period of Performance 04/01/2028 through 03/31/2029. CLIN 3001 – Option Year 3 Services, non-personal, to provide all labor, equipment and materials (unless otherwise provided herein) necessary for Janitorial Services at the Weather Forecast Office (WFO) in Juneau, AK, in accordance with the Statement of Work. Period of Performance 04/01/2029 through 03/31/2030. CLIN 4001 – Option Year 4 Services, non-personal, to provide all labor, equipment and materials (unless otherwise provided herein) necessary for Janitorial Services at the Weather Forecast Office (WFO) in Juneau, AK, in accordance with the Statement of Work. Period of Performance 04/01/2030 through 03/31/2031. (iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102). See attached Statement of Work which applies to Base Year and all Option Years 1 – 4, and Department of Labor Wage Rates: WD 2015-5685, Revision No. 27, dated 12/03/2025, which can be found on: https://sam.gov/content/wage-determinations INVOICES TO BE BILLED MONTHLY IN ARREARS. PROVIDE MONTHLY AND ANNUAL PRICING FOR EACH BASE AND OPTION YEAR. QUOTE PRICING MAY BE PROVIDED ON ATTACHED SF18 FORM OR ON COMPANY LETTERHEAD. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47). The start date is an estimate and is subject to new funding approval processes. If there is a significant delay in awarding this contract, a shortened base year Period of Performance may be utilized or an updated quote may be requested with a new 12-month base year and corresponding option years. Period of performance shall be: Base Year for a twelve month period 04/01/2026 through 03/31/2027. Option Period 1 for a twelve month period 04/01/2027 through 03/31/2028. Option Period 2 for a twelve month period 04/01/2028 through 03/31/2029. Option Period 3 for a twelve month period 04/01/2029 through 03/31/2030. Option Period 4 for a twelve month period 04/01/2030 through 03/31/2031. Place of Performance is 8500 Mendenhall Loop Road, Juneau, Alaska 99801-9218 (v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)) can be found on the Request for Quote Form SF18 attachment. RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) (Deviation Jan 2026) NOTICE TO OFFERORS: Instructions for submitting quotations under this request for quote must be followed. Failure to provide all information to aid in the evaluation may be considered non-responsive. Offers that are non-responsive may be excluded from further evaluation and rejected without further notification to the offeror. 1. Submit PDF or Microsoft Word format quotations to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the time specified in the solicitation. Quote documents shall include signed copies of the SF 18 and SF 30(s) to acknowledge the solicitation and any applicable amendments. Email quotes are required and can be sent to erin.mlaker@noaa.gov. 2. Offeror shall have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM found at https://sam.gov/content/home) in order to provide a quote and be eligible for award. Must provide their UEID/CAGE CODE with their quote. 3. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of them or their capability. 4. Offerors must provide all evaluation criteria in accordance with RFO 52.212-2. Offerors who do not provide all evaluation criteria may not be considered. 1. Technical Acceptability/ Capability 2. Past Performance 3. Price RFO 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (Deviation Jan 2026) Offers will be evaluated based on price and the factors set forth in paragraph (a). (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Paragraph (a) is hereby completed as follows: Evaluation will be based on the following pass/fail criteria; 1. Technical Acceptability/Capability. Quote shall include a statement demonstrating the offeror’s capability to perform the required scope of work, including relevant experience for the same or similar services within the past two years and the offeror’s understanding of the requirement. The statement must not be a reiteration of the Statement of Work. Failure to address the full requirements of the Statement of Work will be considered a fail and the quote will not be accepted. 2. Past Performance. The offeror's past performance on related contracts will be evaluated to determine, as appropriate, successful performance of contract requirements, quality and timeliness of delivery of goods and services, cost management, communications between contracting parties, proactive management and customer satisfaction. The Government will use its discretion to determine the sources of past performance information used in the evaluation, and the information may be obtained from references provided by the Offeror, the agency’s knowledge of Offeror performance, other government agencies or commercial entities, or past performance databases, and will be based on responsiveness, quality, and customer services. 3. Price. The Government intends to award a low priced, technically acceptable, single firm fixed-price purchase order on an all or none basis with payment terms of Net 30. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) RFO 52.237-1 Site Visit (Apr 1984) (Deviation Jan 2026) Offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. (End of provision) A site visit is highly recommended but not required. Vendors are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. Please contact Jeff Garmon at 907-790-6804 or jeff.garmon@noaa.gov to set up a time to visit the site. All questions during the site visit should be submitted electronically to erin.mlaker@noaa.gov. (vi) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)) can be found on the Request for Quote Form SF18 attachment. (vii) Quotes are required to be received in the contracting office no later than 04:00p MST/MDT on 03/17/2026. All quotes must be submitted electronically via email to erin.mlaker@noaa.gov. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NON-RECEIPT OF QUOTES. IT IS THE CONTRACTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY TO REQUEST AND RECEIVE A CONFIRMATION OF THE QUOTE RECEIPT. CAM 1352.215-72 Inquiries (Apr 2010) OFFERORS MUST SUBMIT ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THIS SOLICITATION IN WRITING VIA EMAIL TO ERIN.MALKER@NOAA.GOV. QUESTIONS SHOULD BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN 03/11/2026. Any responses to questions will be made in writing, without identification of the questioner, and will be included in an amendment to the solicitation. Even if provided in other form, only the question responses included in the amendment to the solicitation will govern performance of the contract. (End of clause) (viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). Per NOAA Deviation 2025-02/03: System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Contracting officers will not consider those representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. UTILIZATION OF FEDCONNECT® FOR CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION The Department of Commerce will utilize the FedConnect® web portal in administering this award. The contractor must be registered in FedConnect® and have access to the FedConnect® website located at https://www.fedconnect.net/Fedconnect/. For assistance in registering or for other FedConnect® questions please call the FedConnect® Help Desk at (800) 899-6665 or email at support@fedconnect.net. There is no charge for registration in or use of FedConnect®. (End)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: MLAKER, ERIN
  - Email: ERIN.MLAKER@NOAA.GOV
  - Phone: 303-578-9248

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bf1d7c52716540f180672458d81efab0/view)