---
layout: default
title: 84--General Purpose Pouch
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 8bc2d98f8d194473a5a46903f732d573
---

# 84--General Purpose Pouch

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 10:57:07.596-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE1C1-26-R-0057

## Summary

Solicitation SPE1C1-26-R-0057 will be issued as full and open competition and utilize a lowest price technically acceptable approach in accordance with DoD Source Selection Procedures dated August 20, 2022. After an integrated assessment of technical merits and price, the Government intends to make a single award to the responsible offeror that provides a technically acceptable proposal with the lowest evaluated price that is determined fair and reasonable and complies with the terms and conditions of the solicitation. The proposed acquisition is for the manufacture and delivery of 1 Quart Canteen/General Purpose Pouch, (Coyote Brown) (NSN: 8465-01-532-2303), a component of the modular lightweight load-carrying equipment (MOLLE) which is made in accordance with CO-PD-02-02R dated May 9, 2024. This acquisition will result in one (1) award for a firm-fixed price, indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity type contract. The contract shall be for a term of 36 months and will include three (3) separate pricing tiers. Each tier shall be for a 12-month period. FOB destination and inspection and acceptance at origin. The NAICS code is 315990 - Apparel Accessories and Other Apparel Manufacturing; the size standard is 600 employees. Guaranteed Minimum Quantity: 6,150 EA Annual Estimated Quantity: 24,600 EA Maximum Quantity: 92,250 EA Technical acceptability will be based on the offeror meeting the requirements of the solicitation without exception and on the criteria established within the solicitation’s non-cost/price evaluation factor and sub-factors (listed in order of importance): A. Evaluation Factor: product demonstration model (PDM) (The sub-factors are of equal importance) 1. Evaluation Sub-factor: (a). Visual Requirements (b). Dimensional Requirements (c). Fit Requirements Refer to Section L and Section M for evaluation factor details. Offerors are advised that if they take exception to any of the terms and conditions in the solicitation, their offer may be excluded from consideration of award. 1. Product Demonstration Model (PDM) Requirement: One (1) each (EA) of 1 Quart Canteen/General Purpose Pouch, (Coyote Brown) (NSN: 8465-01-532-2303) shall be examined for visual, dimensional, and fit requirements. a. NOTE: No alternate materials shall be used – the only exception is color. All color substitutions shall be called out and must include drawing number and find number of component or otherwise will be classified as a defect. 2. Price Evaluation: All offered prices (and if requested with the initial proposal or during discussions, cost or pricing data or information other than cost or pricing data) will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 15.4 to ensure the award will be made at fair and reasonable prices and against the requirements of the solicitation. The offeror must provide a unit price for each tier within Section B of the subject solicitation. An offeror’s maximum dollar value will be calculated by multiplying the maximum quantity of 92,250 EA by the offeror’s proposed Tier 3 unit price. FAT Requirement: A First Article Test (FAT) is required under clause FAR 52.209-4, First Article Approval—Government Testing--Alternate I. The contractor shall bear all costs. Under this clause, two (2) sample each (EA) shall be submitted of 1 Quart Canteen/General Purpose Pouch, (Coyote Brown) (NSN: 8465-01-532-2303) 60 days after the date of award. First article test samples will be examined for visual, dimensional, and fit (if applicable in accordance with the specification). All material shall be contractor furnished. Offerors are cautioned that all components must be of domestic origin in compliance with clause DFARS 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities. Production Lead Time (PLT): The production lead time for the first delivery order will be 60 days after FAT acceptance. All subsequent delivery orders will be 60 days after the date of order in block 3 of the delivery order(s). If a FAT waiver is approved, the production lead time of the first delivery will be 60 days after the date of award. All subsequent delivery orders will be 60 days after the date of order in block 3 of the delivery order(s). DLA Depots: Deliveries will be made to DLA’s third-party logistics (3PL) depots: UY0157 – Peckham Inc (Lansing, MI) UY0159 – LVI-OCIE SE Pendergrass Distribution Center (Pendergrass, GA) SD0131 – Travis Association for the Blind (Austin, TX) FAR clause 52.215-1, Instructions to Offerors – Competitive Acquisition is incorporated in this solicitation. All offerors shall be registered in SAM to be eligible for award. All responsible sources may submit offers which, if timely received, shall be considered. FAR clause 52.215-1 Instructions to Offerors-Competitive Acquisition is incorporated in this solicitation. All offerors shall be registered in SAM to be eligible for award. All responsible sources may submit offers which, if timely received, shall be considered. Availability of solicitations per FAR 5.201(a) applies. Our office no longer issues solicitations or amendments in paper form. It is estimated that the solicitation will be posted on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/ within 17-18 days of this notice. Instructions for submitting offers will be provided within the solicitation remarks and contract sections. Detailed system requirements and instructions for registration can be found on the DLA DIBBS Home Page accessed on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/. A few highlights of the information that will be found include: A. On the DLA Internet Bulletin Board System (DIBBS) Home Page, click the VENDOR REGISTRATION link to begin the registration process. B. To register for access to secure portions of DLA DIBBS, the company you are representing must already be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). C. A Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code registration will be processed immediately. A User ID will appear on the registration screen and a password will be sent separately to the email address of the Super User. If a CAGE is already registered on DLA DIBBS, the name and email address of the Super User will be provided. The Super User should be contacted to set-up additional accounts, logons, and passwords for their CAGE. DIBBS Super User: * If your CAGE has already been registered on DIBBS, the name and email address of the person designated as your super user will be provided. * The representative who starts the DIBBS registration process has the option to accept their System for Award Management (SAM) registration POC as the DIBBS super user, or they can designate themselves or another person to act as the super user for the CAGE. * The super user acts as the account administrator for a CAGE. They can add up to ninety-eight (98) additional users, provide user IDs and passwords, modify existing users, and control the login status of each user for their CAGEs through My Account (Account Maintenance). The Defense appropriations and authorization acts and other statutes (including what is commonly referred to as "The Berry Amendment") impose restrictions on the DoD's acquisition of foreign products and services. Generally, Clothing and Textile items (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7012), including the materials and components thereof (other than sensors, electronics, or other items added to, and not normally associated with clothing), must be grown, reprocessed, reused, melted, or produced in the United States, its possessions or Puerto Rico, unless one of the DFARS 225.7002-2 exceptions applies. DLA Troop Support has developed a web-based system that allows manufacturers the ability to request specifications, patterns, and drawings on our contracting page (if patterns and drawings are available). NOTE: Commercial Items may not have patterns. To request technical data for DLA Troop Support Clothing and Textiles (DLA C&T) solicitations, use the following link to the DLA C&T Technical Data Repository area at http://www.dla.mil/TroopSupport/ClothingandTextiles/SpecRequest.aspx *** If you send a request alert the contracting officer via email so they can also track your request. ***

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kiaralis Velez Santiago
  - Email: Kiaralis.VelezSantiago@dla.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8bc2d98f8d194473a5a46903f732d573/view)