---
layout: default
title: Little Rock AFB FY27 MACC Sources Sought
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 84aae69316324287824e8ac379e3f7bd
---

# Little Rock AFB FY27 MACC Sources Sought

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-20 09:59:49.388-04
- Solicitation Number: LRAFB_FY27MACC

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY; THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). THERE ARE NO SPECIFICATIONS, DRAWINGS, OR SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. Please note that this Sources Sought is for market research and planning purposes to determine if responsible sources exist and to assist in determining if this effort can be competitive. No solicitation is being issued at this time, and this notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The 19th Contracting Squadron, Little Rock AFB, AR is seeking capabilities from businesses classified as Small, 8(a), Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), or Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) for the purposes of determining the appropriate level of competition for a Multiple Award Construction Contract (MACC). The MACC is an Indefinite-Delivery Indefinite-Quantity (IDIQ) contract for design-build, construction, and demolition projects that shall be awarded via individual Task Orders. Anticipated work performed under the MACC IDIQ Contract will be complex in nature, require multiple trades, and may require detailed engineering design required to be performed by registered / licensed Engineers and Architects. Task Orders will provide a vehicle for execution of a broad range of maintenance, repair, alteration, construction, and demolition consisting of but not limited to carpentry, roofing, excavation, interior (to include remodeling and interior modifications), electrical work, plumbing, sheet metal, painting, concrete masonry, welding, and mechanical performed under a design-build or build process. In-house design capability or ready access to design capability is a must for projects including alteration and repair to existing infrastructure. Orders issued under the MACC IDIQ will be competed to the anticipated Firm-Fixed Price IDIQ awardees. Individual Task Order evaluations factors will be on a Task Order by Task Order basis and will be identified on the Task Order Request for Proposal. The anticipated value of individual Task Orders is expected to be between $2,000 and $20,000,000. Based on previous task orders, projects have ranged from $37,000.00 to $17,900,000. The MACC IDIQ will have a not to exceed (NTE) ceiling value of $600,000,000 over a five-year ordering period. Please Note: The Service Contract Act will only apply to Task Orders under this MACC IDIQ that require demolition services only with no expected construction returning to the footprint. PERFORMANCE LOCATION: Little Rock AFB, AR and remote locations Blackjack Drop Zone near Romance, AR; All American Landing Zone Camp Robinson, AR; and Communication Site near Cabot, AR. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE (POP): The period of performance is expected to be one 3-year base period, with two 2-year option periods, and a possible six (6) month extension of services period. NAICS CODES: The MACC will be within the following North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code sectors and subsectors: SECTOR/SUBSECTOR SIZE STANDARD Sector 23 – Construction Subsector 236 – Construction of Buildings $45M Subsector 237 – Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction $45M Except Land Subdivision $34M Except Dredging and Surface Cleanup Activities $37M Subsector 238 – Specialty Trade Contractors $19M Except Other Building Equipment Contractors $22M 238910 – Site Preparation Contractors $19M 562910 – Remediation Services $25M Except Environmental Remediation Services 1,000 Employees NOTE: NAICS 237990 – Dredging and Surface Cleanup Activities: To be considered a small business for the purposes of Government procurement, a firm must perform at least 40 percent of the volume dredged with its own equipment or equipment owned by another small dredging concern. In accordance with FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management, contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database via https://sam.gov. Contractors who intend to submit a package for this Sources Sought must be US-owned entities. Contractors are highly encouraged to submit a package containing the information below to the Government as a result of this Sources Sought Notice. Responses will not be returned. No entitlement to payment of any costs to the Government will arise as a result of contractor submission of responses or the Government’s use of such information. Information requested is for sources that have the capability and financial means to handle an Indefinite-Delivery Indefinite-Quantity for MACC. Information requested outlined in the below paragraphs is to be emailed to Ms. Kali Finke at kali.finke.2@us.af.mil, Ms. Marie Brown at beatrice.brown.5@us.af.mil, TSgt James Borushko at james.borushko@us.af.mil, MSgt Mathhew Daub at matthew.daub@us.af.mil, Ms. Rachel Italiano at rachel.italiano.1@us.af.mil, and Mr. Arthur Brown at arthur.brown.17@us.af.mil, no later than 21 April 2026, 1:00 p.m. CDT. Company Information: Name Business Address Point of Contact Telephone Number E-mail Address UEI number / CAGE Code number Business Size in relation to the NAICS code size standard assigned to this acquisition Number of Employees Number of Years in Business etc. A positive statement of your intention to submit a proposal for this solicitation as a prime contractor. Socio-economic Status (e.g., Small Business, HUBZone, 8(a), Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB)), and any associated documentation of such status, certification or approvals. Provide your bonding capacity per contract and aggregate. Prime Contractors shall be capable of securing bonding up to the amount of the task order (Payment, Performance, etc.). Demonstrate the ability to execute multiple Task Orders concurrently in a wide variety of design and construction efforts as earlier stated in this document. Identify specialty construction trades as well as experience in delivering design-build projects. These Task Orders may consist of but are not limited to the following types of work: New construction of buildings and structures Demolition Alteration and repair of buildings, structures, roads, grounds, and roofs Specialty construction Utilities including JET-A fuel systems Miscellaneous services including hazardous waste removal Demonstrate in-house Architect and Engineering (Up to 100%) design capability or ready access to design capability for projects including alteration and repair to existing infrastructure with a wide variety of individual or multiple construction projects, from an on-the-shelf design or a design provided by in-house designers (including design/build ranging from concept up to 100% level of effort). The work shall be accomplished by the appropriate licensed design professional(s) who are experienced in the design of those systems. Summarize projects that show your capabilities and past performance. The list of relevant projects may include names of project team members and firm, point of contact (Contracting Officer and Quality Assurance Evaluator/Inspector) with titles, phone numbers, project scope, type of contract, and percentage of work completed as the prime contractor. All of the above must be submitted in sufficient detail for a decision to be made on the availability of small business concerns.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kali Finke
  - Email: kali.finke.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5019873845
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Rachel L. Italiano
  - Email: rachel.italiano.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5019873835

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/84aae69316324287824e8ac379e3f7bd/view)