---
layout: default
title: Combined Sources Sought Notice and Notice of Intent to Sole Source for Continuously Tunable 1550nm Laser
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0346c558687041c0a56aef0549d1a63b
---

# Combined Sources Sought Notice and Notice of Intent to Sole Source for Continuously Tunable 1550nm Laser

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 13:32:35.618-04
- Solicitation Number: NIST-SS26-90

## Summary

***THIS IS A COMBINED SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE AND NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE*** The purpose of this sources sought notice is to conduct market research and identify potential sources of commercial products/services that satisfy the Government’s anticipated needs. If no alternate sources are identified, the Government intends to issue a Sole Source Award to Toptica Photonics Inc, 1120 Pittsford Victor Rd, Pittsford, New York, US, under the authority of Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) FAR 12.102(a). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 334516, Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing. BACKGROUND As part of a new program to build the next generation optical pressure standard to replace existing mercury- and oil-based manometers, the Sensor Science Division (SSD) within the National Institute of Standards and the Technology (NIST) Physical Measurement Laboratory (PML) is developing a new Vacuum Fixed-Length Optical Cavity (VFLOC) that operates at near-infrared wavelengths (~ 1.5 to 1.6 um). For determining pressure over a wide range, a continuously tunable near-IR laser is required to measure the wavelength-dependent frequency shifts from different gases. This continuously tunable laser is critically needed to meet the requirements of the VFLOC pressure standard. We are prototyping the next generation of vacuum pressure standards as candidates to replacing existing mercury- and oil-based manometer pressure standards. The continuously tunable laser is needed to meet this goal. The contractor shall provide a narrow linewidth, fiber-coupled continuously tunable near-IR laser that must have continuous spectral coverage over the ~1.5 um to 1.6 um wavelength. This laser must have laser head, drive electronics, and locking electronics for Pound-Drever-Hall (PDH) locking. NIST is seeking information from sources that may be capable of providing a solution that will achieve the objectives described above, and meet the following essential requirements: Continuously Tunable 1550nm Laser Quantity: 1 Technical Specifications: A. Laser Head + Electronics Mode-hope free wavelength tuning range between ~1.5 to 1.6 um (100 nm or greater tuning range centered at 1.5 um) Power > 10 mW over the full wavelength tuning range Fiber-coupled output Optical isolation > 60 dB over the tuning range Short-term laser linewidth (< 5 us) of 10 kHz or better Piezo wavelength tuning of 30 GHz or greater Absolute wavelength accuracy < 150 pm Electronics for current, temperature, and piezo drivers Software automated scanning of laser wavelength B. Module for Pound-Drever-Hall locking Provide modulation frequency at 5 MHz or 25 MHz Demodulation internally or with reference output Adjustable phase from 0 to 360 degrees C. Fast locking electronics PID control with 10 ns signal delay or better High speed different inputs Analogue mixer for phase detection Two feedback channels (fast and slow feedback) NIST conducted market research from January through February 2026 by performing internet searches, attending professional conferences, reviewing product literature, and speaking with vendors to determine what sources could meet NIST’s minimum requirements. The results of that market research revealed that only Toptica Photonics Inc (UEI: EYC4JKCBA7J9) appears to be capable of meeting NIST’s requirements. HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS NOTICE In responding to this notice, please DO NOT PROVIDE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Please include only the following information, readable in either Microsoft Word 365, Microsoft Excel 365, or .pdf format, in the response: Submit the response by email to the Primary Point of Contact and, if specified, to the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice as soon as possible, and preferably before the closing date and time of this notice. Please note that to be considered for award under any official solicitation, the entity must be registered and “active” in SAM at the time of solicitation response. Provide the complete name of your company, address, name of contact for follow-up questions, their email, their phone number and, if your company has an active registration in https://sam.gov, your company’s Unique Entity ID (UEI). Identify the equipment that your company sells that can meet the objectives addressed in the BACKGROUND section of this notice. For each product recommended to meet the Government’s requirement, provide the following: Manufacturer name Model number Technical specifications If your company is not the manufacturer, provide information on your company’s status as an authorized reseller of the product(s) Describe performance capabilities of the product(s) your company recommends to meet the Government’s requirements. Additionally, if there are other features or functions that you believe would assist NIST in meeting its objectives described above, please discuss in your response. Discuss whether the equipment that your company sells and which you describe in your response to this notice may be customized to specifications and indicate any limits to customization. Identify any aspects of the NIST market research notice, including instructions, and draft minimum specifications in the BACKGROUND section you cannot meet and state why. Please offer suggestions for how the market research notice and draft minimum specifications could be made more competitive. State whether the proposed equipment is manufactured in the United States and, if not, state the name of the country where the equipment is manufactured. Identify any plans/possibilities for changes in manufacturing location of the aforementioned equipment and provide relevant details, including timeline. For the NAICS code listed in this notice: Indicate whether your company is (a) a small business or (b) other than small business. See the Table of Small Business Size Standards and the associated .pdf download file for small business size standards and additional information. If you believe the NAICS code listed in this notice is not the best NAICS code for the type of product addressed in this notice, identify an alternative NAICS code that you believe would be more appropriate for the planned procurement. Describe services that are available with the purchase of the aforementioned equipment from your company such as installation, training, and equipment maintenance. Describe standard terms and conditions of sale offered by your company for the recommended equipment such as: delivery time after your company accepts the order; FOB shipping terms; manufacturer warranty (including details regarding nature and duration); if available, description(s) of available extended warranty; equipment setup and test; operator and service instruction manual(s); cleanup after installation; and if applicable, other offered services. Provide a copy of manufacturer standard terms and conditions that typically relate to the sale of the specified equipment, if available. State whether your company offers facility renovation services related to installation of the recommended equipment at its delivery destination, if required per the NIST-identified minimum specifications, and provide description of said services. Indicate if your company performs the facility renovation services or typically subcontracts the work to another company. Indicate if your company would be interested in inspecting the intended installation site during the market research phase. State published price, discount, or rebate arrangements for recommended equipment and/or provide link to access company’s published prices for equipment and services. If the recommended equipment and related services are available for purchase on any existing Federal Supply Schedule contract(s) or other contracts against which NIST may be able to place orders, identify the contract number(s) and other relevant information. Identify any customers in the public or private sectors to which you provided the recommended or similar equipment. Include customer(s) information: company name, phone number, point of contact, email address. Provide any other information that you believe would be valuable for NIST to know as part of its market research for this requirement. State if you require NIST to provide additional information to improve your understanding of the government’s requirement and/or would like to meet with NIST representatives to discuss the requirement and the capabilities of the identified equipment. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE Questions regarding this notice may be submitted via email to the Primary Point of Contact and the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice. Questions should be submitted so that they are received 5 calendar days prior to the response date. If the Contracting Officer determines that providing a written amendment to this notice to document question(s) received would benefit other potential respondents, the questions would be anonymized, and a written response to such question(s) would be provided via an amendment to this notice. IMPORTANT NOTES This notice is for market research purposes and should not be construed as a commitment by NIST to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. There is no solicitation available at this time. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s capability. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a synopsis and solicitation may be published on GSA’s eBuy or SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered an adequate response to any such solicitation(s). The responses shall not exceed 10 pages including all attachments, charts, etc. Thank you for taking the time to submit a response to this request!

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nina Lin
  - Email: nina.lin@nist.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0346c558687041c0a56aef0549d1a63b/view)