---
layout: default
title: Notice of Intent to Sole Source High-Density Microelectrode Array System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 7fd9555b536f4425ac5cb36d28798c22
---

# Notice of Intent to Sole Source High-Density Microelectrode Array System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-06 12:19:00.481-04
- Solicitation Number: PANDHA-26-P-0000-035226

## Summary

This notice is issued in accordance with FAR 5.101 and 12.102 for commercial item acquisitions: The Defense Health Agency Contracting Activity (DHACA), on behalf of the United States’ Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense (USAMRICD), intends to award a Firm-Fixed-Price, sole-source contract to 3Brain US LLC (UEI: GS9AGR33TBL8), for the purchase, delivery and training of a High Density Microelectrode Array (MEA) System in accordance with the simplified procedures for commercial products and services under Federal Acquisition Regulation(FAR 12.201-1). USAMRICD requires a complete system that enables high-resolution electrophysiological recordings from 3D biological models and excised tissues. This system is critical for research involving the functional imaging of neuronal activity and understanding complex cellular interactions under controlled environmental conditions. Detailed minimum essential characteristics are provided in Attachment 1 of this notice. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 334516 – Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing; and the Product and Service Code is 6640 – Laboratory Equipment and Supplies. A request for information (RFI) was posted to SAM.gov on March 24th, 2026, with a closing date of 10AM EDT on April 1st, 2026. No qualified responses to the RFI were received. This Notice of Intent (NOI) to award a sole source is not a request for competitive proposals, it is not a solicitation and it does not obligate the Government to award a contract. However, all interested parties who believe they can meet the requirements as stated herein may submit a capabilities statement, in writing, to the identified point of contact on or before the response date. The capabilities statement must contain material in sufficient detail to allow the government to determine if the party can meet all of the requirements. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. This Notice of Intent is not a request for competitive proposals, and no solicitation document will be posted for this requirement. However, parties interested in responding to this notice shall provide a response (consisting of a capability statement sufficient to determine capability in providing the required services). Any party that intends to respond to this NOI must use the following instructions: If your organization has the potential capacity to provide the required supply and components and perform the required services, please provide a white paper (limited to 4 pages) with sufficient information to substantiate that respondents can successfully perform to and fulfill all requirements. The following shall be addressed in white paper submissions: Company Name and Address Cage Code Unique Identifier Company business size by NAICS code Small Business Type (s) How the eligibility requirements are met Point of Contact for questions and/or clarification Telephone Number and email address Teaming Partners (if applicable) All white papers shall be submitted to Nicholas VanDevander via email to Nicholas.a.vandevander.civ@health.mil. All responses received by closing of this notification of this notice of intent, will be considered by the Government. Responses that request documentation, additional information, or that solely ask questions will be determined to not be an affirmative response. The Government will not compensate any organizations in response to this NOI. Responses determined to not be an affirmative response are not valid and no further action will taken with the response. All responses must be sent to the email address listed within the primary contact for this notice. No phone calls will be accepted.

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of this notice. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 334516 – Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing; and the Product and Service Code is 6640 – Laboratory Equipment and Supplies. A request for information (RFI) was posted to SAM.gov on March 24th, 2026, with a closing date of 10AM EDT on April 1st, 2026. No qualified responses to the RFI were received. This Notice of Intent (NOI) to award a sole source is not a request for competitive proposals, it is not a solicitation and it does not obligate the Government to award a contract. However, all interested parties who believe they can meet the requirements as stated herein may submit a capabilities statement, in writing, to the identified point of contact on or before the response date. The capabilities statement must contain material in sufficient detail to allow the government to determine if the party can meet all of the requirements. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. This Notice of Intent is not a request for competitive proposals, and no solicitation document will be posted for this requirement. However, parties interested in responding to this notice shall provide a response (consisting of a capability statement sufficient to determine capability in providing the required services). Any party that intends to respond to this NOI must use the following instructions: If your organization has the potential capacity to provide the required supply and components and perform the required services, please provide a white paper (limited to 4 pages) with sufficient information to substantiate that respondents can successfully perform to and fulfill all requirements. The following shall be addressed in white paper submissions: Company Name and Address Cage Code Unique Identifier Company business size by NAICS code Small Business Type (s) How the eligibility requirements are met Point of Contact for questions and/or clarification Telephone Number and email address Teaming Partners (if applicable) All white papers shall be submitted to Nicholas VanDevander via email to Nicholas.a.vandevander.civ@health.mil. All responses received by closing of this notification of this notice of intent, will be considered by the Government. Responses that request documentation, additional information, or that solely ask questions will be determined to not be an affirmative response. The Government will not compensate any organizations in response to this NOI. Responses determined to not be an affirmative response are not valid and no further action will taken with the response. All responses must be sent to the email address listed within the primary contact for this notice. No phone calls will be accepted

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7fd9555b536f4425ac5cb36d28798c22/view)