---
layout: default
title: Building 333 Network Surveillance Cameras
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d67eb13356c64270b19cb64a00911166
---

# Building 333 Network Surveillance Cameras

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 09:33:18.842-04
- Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1001

## Summary

This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation/notice; responses/quotes are being requested, further written solicitation will not be issued. The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this combined synopsis/solicitation, FA461326Q1001, as a Request for Quote using FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Item, & FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 561621, with a small business size standard of $25.0 Million. This solicitation will be posted to the SAM.gov web-site as set aside 100% small business. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price Commercial Award. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAC) 2026-01 effective 03/13/2026, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change 11/10/2025 effective 11/10/2025 and Department of the Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change 11/10/2025 effective 11/10/2025 . DESCRIPTION OF ITEMS/SERVICES: Offeror must email kyle.harris.23@us.af.mil to request any additional information. Francis E. Warren AFB has a requirement for a Network Surveillance Camera System. The contractor shall provide these in accordance with the attached Performance Work Statement document. The end product shall meet all applicable BAA (Buy American Act) or TAA (Trade Agreements Act) requirements. Contractors should verify place of origin of all components prior to delivery through use of a domestic content test. PLACE OF DELIVERY: Francis E. Warren AFB, WY 82005 Attachments: Attachment 1 – Provisions and Clauses Attachment 2 – Supplemental Provisions and Clauses Attachment 3 – Contractor Response Form Attachment 4 – Performance Work Statement Attachment 5 – Building 333 Diagram SITE VISIT: A site visit will take place on Tuesday, 7 April 2026 (10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time (MST)). Interested parties need to provide notice of interest by e-mail to kyle.harris.23@us.af.mil and patrick.enriquez.4@us.af.mil by Friday, 3 April 2026 (2:00 PM MST). The contractor is responsible to verify site conditions/layout, measurements, quantities and materials needed to complete this requirement. Site visit attendance is highly encouraged. In the event that you require a base access pass, please state the need in your site visit confirmation email. A valid driver's license (REAL ID), state issued identification card or passport, and automobile insurance will be needed. FAILURE TO PROVIDE CONFIRMATION OF ATTENDANCE OR PROPER DOCUMENTATION WILL RESULT IN BASE ACCESS DENIAL. QUESTIONS DUE Questions shall be received no later than Friday, 10 April 2026 (2:00 PM MST). Forward responses by e-mail to kyle.harris.23@us.af.mil and patrick.enriquez.4@us.af.mil. RESPONSES/QUOTES Responses/quotes MUST be received no later than Friday, 17 April 2026 at (10:00 AM MST). Forward responses by e-mail to kyle.harris.23@us.af.mil and patrick.enriquez.4@us.af.mil. This RFQ is not authorization to begin delivery and in no way obligates the Government for any costs incurred by the contractor for this requirement. The Government reserves the right not to award a contract in response to this RFQ. Prior to commencement of any activities associated with delivery of this requirement, the Government will issue a written directive or contractual document signed by the Contracting Officer with appropriate consideration established. Per FAR Subpart 4.1102, offerors are required to be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at the time an offer is submitted. Failure to do so will result in the offer being deemed ineligible for award. Pricing must include all items to be delivered IAW the applicable Performance Work Statement (PWS) to include all outyear pricing CLIN 0001: Installation of Cameras Quantity: 1 Unit of Issue: LOT Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ Required Within: 180 days CLIN 0002: Base Year Sustainment Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 1002: Sustainment and Service of Camera System (Option Year 1) Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 2002: Sustainment and Service of Camera System (Option Year 2) Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 3002: Sustainment and Service of Camera System (Option Year 3) Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 4002: Sustainment and Service of Camera System (Option Year 4) Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: FAR 52.212-1 (ADDENDUM) ADDITIONAL INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-1 is hereby tailored as follows: (1) Any inconsistency between FAR Provision 52.212-1 and the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 shall be solved by giving precedence to the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1. (2) After receipt of quotes the Government may, with or without notice, negotiate with and, if desired, seek quote revisions from as many or as few quoters as it, in its discretion, deems appropriate. (3) The term “offeror” or “offer” as used in FAR 52.212-1 shall be understood to mean “quoter” and “quote,” respectively. Further, the term “award” shall be understood to describe the Government’s issuance of an order. (4) The Government will consider all quotes that are timely received and may consider late quotes. Failure of a quote to address any items required in the submission package may make a quote unacceptable. (5) Paragraph (b) of FAR Provision 52.212-1, Submission of Offers, is amended as follows: (n) In addition to the quote submission requirements stated in FAR provision 52.212-1, quoters shall provide the following, as part of the quote submission package, no later than the required time and date for quote submission: (1) Price quote which identifies the requested service to include base year and all options (2) Total Firm Fixed price (3) Any Discount Terms (4) Ability to meet the requested Delivery Date of CLIN 0001 (5) Technical Submission Requirements (specified in FAR 52.212-2 below) (6) Cage Code and/or Unique Entity ID (7) Cover page to include: (i) Company Name (ii) Physical Address (iii) Point of Contact (iv) Phone number (v) Email address (vi) Business Type (8) Completed Attachment 3 – Contractor Response Form FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION -- COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2021) FAR 52.212-2 is hereby tailored as follows: (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government representing the best value with price and other factors considered. Government has determined that best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable offer with the lowest Total Evaluated Price (TEP); therefore, Government will evaluate offers based on lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA). Award will be made on the basis of the lowest TEP of offerors meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-price factors. Quotes that do not include all requested information in FAR 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 will be considered nonresponsive. The following factor(s) shall be used to evaluate offers: (i) Technical capability: Items meet the Government requirement/specifications IAW Attachment 4 – Performance Work Statement. If all requested information is not provided or does not meet the requirements identified, the Government will determine the quote to be nonresponsive. (ii) Price: Award will be made to the lowest priced technically acceptable. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (b) The Government will evaluate quotes in accordance with the following evaluation criteria: (i) The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. If the Government receives fewer than three (3) quotes, all quotes will be evaluated for Technical Acceptability. If the Government receives more than three (3) quotes, the Government will only select the three (3) lowest priced quotes to evaluate for Technical Acceptability. The Government reserves the right to evaluate additional quotes for technical acceptability if it is in the Government’s best interest to do so. (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SrA Kyle Harris
  - Email: kyle.harris.23@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077732181
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Patrick Enriquez
  - Email: patrick.enriquez.4@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077734751

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Provisions and Clauses Attachment 2 – Supplemental Provisions and Clauses Attachment 3 – Contractor Response Form Attachment 4 – Performance Work Statement Attachment 5 – Building 333 Diagram SITE VISIT: A site visit will take place on Tuesday, 7 April 2026 (10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time (MST)). Interested parties need to provide notice of interest by e-mail to kyle.harris.23@us.af.mil and patrick.enriquez.4@us.af.mil by Friday, 3 April 2026 (2:00 PM MST). The contractor is responsible to verify site conditions/layout, measurements, quantities and materials needed to complete this requirement. Site visit attendance is highly encouraged. In the event that you require a base access pass, please state the need in your site visit confirmation email. A valid driver"s license (REAL ID), state issued identification card or passport, and automobile insurance will be needed. FAILURE TO PROVIDE CONFIRMATION OF ATTENDANCE OR PROPER DOCUMENTATION WILL RESULT IN BASE ACCESS DENIAL. QUESTIONS DUE Questions shall be received no later than Friday, 10 April 2026 (2:00 PM MST). Forward responses by e-mail to kyle.harris.23@us.af.mil and patrick.enriquez.4@us.af.mil. RESPONSES/QUOTES Responses/quotes MUST be received no later than Friday, 17 April 2026 at (10:00 AM MST). Forward responses by e-mail to kyle.harris.23@us.af.mil and patrick.enriquez.4@us.af.mil. This RFQ is not authorization to begin delivery and in no way obligates the Government for any costs incurred by the contractor for this requirement. The Government reserves the right not to award a contract in response to this RFQ. Prior to commencement of any activities associated with delivery of this requirement, the Government will issue a written directive or contractual document signed by the Contracting Officer with appropriate consideration established. Per FAR Subpart 4.1102, offerors are required to be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at the time an offer is submitted. Failure to do so will result in the offer being deemed ineligible for award. Pricing must include all items to be delivered IAW the applicable Performance Work Statement (PWS) to include all outyear pricing CLIN 0001: Installation of Cameras Quantity: 1 Unit of Issue: LOT Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ Required Within: 180 days CLIN 0002: Base Year Sustainment Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 1002: Sustainment and Service of Camera System (Option Year 1) Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 2002: Sustainment and Service of Camera System (Option Year 2) Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 3002: Sustainment and Service of Camera System (Option Year 3) Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 4002: Sustainment and Service of Camera System (Option Year 4) Quantity: 12 Unit of Issue: MONTH Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: FAR 52.212-1 (ADDENDUM) ADDITIONAL INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-1 is hereby tailored as follows: (1) Any inconsistency between FAR Provision 52.212-1 and the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 shall be solved by giving precedence to the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1. (2) After receipt of quotes the Government may, with or without notice, negotiate with and, if desired, seek quote revisions from as many or as few quoters as it, in its discretion, deems appropriate. (3) The term “offeror” or “offer” as used in FAR 52.212-1 shall be understood to mean “quoter” and “quote,” respectively. Further, the term “award” shall be understood to describe the Government’s issuance of an order. (4) The Government will consider all quotes that are timely received and may consider late quotes. Failure of a quote to address any items required in the submission package may make a quote unacceptable. (5) Paragraph (b) of FAR Provision 52.212-1, Submission of Offers, is amended as follows: (n) In addition to the quote submission requirements stated in FAR provision 52.212-1, quoters shall provide the following, as part of the quote submission package, no later than the required time and date for quote submission: (1) Price quote which identifies the requested service to include base year and all options (2) Total Firm Fixed price (3) Any Discount Terms (4) Ability to meet the requested Delivery Date of CLIN 0001 (5) Technical Submission Requirements (specified in FAR 52.212-2 below) (6) Cage Code and/or Unique Entity ID (7) Cover page to include: (i) Company Name (ii) Physical Address (iii) Point of Contact (iv) Phone number (v) Email address (vi) Business Type (8) Completed Attachment 3 – Contractor Response Form FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION -- COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2021) FAR 52.212-2 is hereby tailored as follows: (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government representing the best value with price and other factors considered. Government has determined that best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable offer with the lowest Total Evaluated Price (TEP); therefore, Government will evaluate offers based on lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA). Award will be made on the basis of the lowest TEP of offerors meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-price factors. Quotes that do not include all requested information in FAR 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 will be considered nonresponsive. The following factor(s) shall be used to evaluate offers: (i) Technical capability: Items meet the Government requirement/specifications IAW Attachment 4 – Performance Work Statement. If all requested information is not provided or does not meet the requirements identified, the Government will determine the quote to be nonresponsive. (ii) Price: Award will be made to the lowest priced technically acceptable. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (b) The Government will evaluate quotes in accordance with the following evaluation criteria: (i) The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. If the Government receives fewer than three (3) quotes, all quotes will be evaluated for Technical Acceptability. If the Government receives more than three (3) quotes, the Government will only select the three (3) lowest priced quotes to evaluate for Technical Acceptability. The Government reserves the right to evaluate additional quotes for technical acceptability if it is in the Government’s best interest to do so. (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d67eb13356c64270b19cb64a00911166/view)