---
layout: default
title: Firm Fixed-Price, Non-Personal Health Care Service, Commercial Item, Labor Hour, Purchase Order
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7f077661467c4c52850d84878cd4ee51
---

# Firm Fixed-Price, Non-Personal Health Care Service, Commercial Item, Labor Hour, Purchase Order

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 09:57:42.537-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H706-00059

## Summary

Edit - selected set-aside (ISBEE). A. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Title VIII of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994) (Public Law 103-355) & FAR 37.6, Non-Personal Health Care Services Contract (10 U.S.C. 2304 and 41 U.S.C 253). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Great Plains Area Indian Health Service (IHS) intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price, Non-Personal Health Care Service, Commercial Item, Labor Hour, Purchase Order, in response to Request for Quote (RFQ) 75H70626Q00059. Award will be made on an “all-or-none” basis. This acquisition is a set-aside for small business concerns, This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. B. The unit pricing must be all inclusive (to include but not be limited to travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state and local taxes) plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable rates. Complete the SF-1449. Lowest Price Technically Acceptable This acquisition is for one (1) Registered Pharmacist to provide services on a Full-Time basis. This is a 100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise set-aside. The associated NAICS Code is 561320, which has a small business standard of $34.0 million dollars. The period of performance will be Date of Award through 7/4/2026. C. See attached Performance Work Statement. Services will be provided for the Lower Brule Service Unit, Indian Health Service, 601 Gall St., Lower Brule, South Dakota. D. Attached are the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) provisions and clauses that are applicable. E. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation November 2025). Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed, dated and it shall include: 1. Solicitation number RFQ 75H70626Q00059. 2. Closing Date: March 23, 2026 at 12:00 pm CST 3. Name, address and telephone number of company and email address of contact person. 4. Technical description of the item/service being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements of the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. 5. Terms of any express warranty 6. Price and any discount terms 7. “Remit to” address, if different than mailing address. 8. Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued) 9. Statement stating ability to meet qualifications and the requirements of the Statement of Work 10. Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information) 11. A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. F. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation November 2025) Basis of award is Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable “LPTA” offer. The Government will not use the formal source selection procedures described in FAR part 15. The Government will evaluate offers utilizing the procedures of FAR

12.203 Evaluation. Offers will be evaluated for acceptability, but not ranked using the non-price factors/sub-factors. All non-price factors and sub-factors will be rated as either “acceptable” or “unacceptable”. The Government intends to evaluate and make award without discussion with the offerors other than minor clarifications, unless discussions are determined to be necessary. A decision on the technical acceptability of each offeror’s quotations will be made. For those offeror’s which are determined to be technically acceptable, award will be made to that vendor with the lowest overall price. (a) The LPTA evaluation process will be accomplished as follows - Technical Acceptability will be comprised of three subfactors: 1.) Meeting all areas under the “Scope of Work”; 2.) Past Performance; and, 3.) Price. 1.) Each offeror’s technical quotations will be evaluated to determine if the offeror provides a sound, compliant approach that meets the requirements of the “Scope of Work”. Contractors shall possess the following in order to be considered technically acceptable: - Ability to provide a Pharmacist(s) in a timely manner who can provide on-site pharmaceutical services to beneficiary patients of all ages that present for care to the LBHC. - Ability to assist with completion of background investigation paperwork for the Contract Registered Pharmacist(s) in a timely manner prior to assignment. - Ability to provide a Contract Registered Pharmacist(s) who can interact with patients and clinical staff in a customer friendly and culturally sensitive manner. - Ability to provide a Contract Registered Pharmacist(s) who possess Electronic Health Record experience. 2.) Past Performance: The offeror shall provide a list of contracts under which they have performed same or similar services to this RFQ requirement within the last three (3) years. The Government shall assess the offeror’s ability to perform the effort described in the Request for Quote (RFQ). The assessment process will result in an overall technical rating of Acceptable/Non Acceptable or Neutral/Unknown. Offerors with no relevant past or present performance history shall receive the rating “neutral or unknown”, meaning the rating is treated neither favorably nor unfavorably. 3.) Price: The Pricing must be completed for all line items and all option years, if applicable, and will be evaluated as to completeness and reasonableness. (b) Options. N/A (c) Notice of Award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. N. Offers will be accepted electronically, Submit via e-mail to the following: Great Plains Area Indian Health Service Attn: Wenda Wright, Contract Specialist 115 4th Ave. SE, Room 309 Aberdeen, SD 57401 Email: wenda.wright@ihs.gov Questions in regards to this solicitation shall be submitted in writing by either email no later than March 17, 2026, 12:00pm CST. Contractors will need a UEI number, TIN number, and be registered with www.sam.gov. SECURITY CLEARANCE: A security pre-clearance must be performed for any employees referred to IHS through this contract. Fingerprints must be completed and adjudicated prior to services being performed under this contract. No contract award shall be made to any vendor or provider listed on the OIG Exclusion List http://exclusions.oig.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. It shall be the responsibility of the contractor to notify the acquisition official if there is a change in provider. Performance of this contract will require routine access by employees of the Contractor or its subcontractors to facilities or systems controlled by the Indian Health Service (I.H.S.). Before starting work requiring routine access to I.H.S. facilities or systems each person must complete a FBI National Criminal History Check (Fingerprint Check) adjudicated by an I.H.S. employee using the Office of Personnel Management Personnel Investigations Processing System. Contractors shall allow five business days for I.H.S. processing of fingerprints taken electronically at an I.H.S. site and thirty business days for non-electronic processing of fingerprints using FBI Form FD-258. A list of I.H.S. sites with electronic fingerprint capability is available from the Contracting Officer. In addition, no Contractor or subcontractor employee shall be permitted to perform work under this contract if listed on the HHS Office of Inspector General List of Excluded Individuals/Entities (LEIE), http://exclusions.oig.hhs.gov. As soon as practicable prior to the start of work, the performance of the work the Contractor shall provide to the Contracting Officer the names of all individuals to be used in performance of work for screening against the LEIE. During the performance, the Contractor shall provide the Contracting Officer the names of any additional or substitute employees for screening before they begin work. The Contractor is responsible for conducting security preclearance investigations in sufficient depth to ensure that each Contractor or subcontractor employee referred to I.H.S. is not on the LEIE and can obtain a favorable fingerprint clearance. Each security preclearance shall be conducted sufficiently in advance of the start of performance to avoid delays caused by denial of access. If this is a Time and Materials, Labor-Hour or Cost Reimbursement contract, the contractor shall not charge for or be reimbursed for labor hours or other costs incurred for employees who are unable to perform due to denial or access or the excess time required to resolve and clear unfavorable security clearance findings. If this is a Fixed Price contract, denial of access due to security clearance findings shall not be a basis for excusable delay or an increase to the contract amount. Government will pay for the cost to process the contractors suitability clearances. However, multiple investigations for the same position may, at the Contracting Officers discretion, lead to reduction(s) in the contract price of no more than the cost of the extra investigation(s). Employees that DO NOT have access to LMS, contractors, volunteers, or IHS employees with IPA’s or MOA’s to tribal organizations please, click here IHS Sexual Abuse Prevention website. When the contractors have completed and passed the training, please have them send a copy of the last page of the training with Name, Date, and Time to their Supervisor, COR, and Kimmen LeBeau, e-mail: Kimmen.LeBeau@ihs.gov ACCEPTANCE PERIOD: Your proposal must stipulate that it is predicated upon all the terms and conditions of this RFQ. In addition, it must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 90 days from the date of receipt by the Government. Quotation must set forth full, accurate and complete information as required by the Request for Quotation (RFQ) and be returned no later than the date referenced. All required information must be submitted in order to be considered responsive and eligible for award. No contract award shall be made to any vendor listed on the OIG Exclusions List at http://exclusions.org.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. Contractor must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov The Government reserves the right to accept or reject services, if the level of performance is unacceptable. “Pharmacist will arrive on a Business Day ONLY to complete all Orientation and Background procedures. The Clinical Director or Designee will ensure all Orientation and Background procedures have been completed and an email will be sent to the Contracting department to state as such. The Pharmacist will NOT see patients until Background/Fingerprints have been cleared.” “The standards of medical practice and duties of the Contractor through its Pharmacist shall be determined pursuant to the bylaws of the Service Unit. The regulations of the hospital, applicable provisions of law, other rules and regulations of any and all governmental authorities relating to licensure and regulation of physicians and hospitals must be followed. Also the standards and recommendations of Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) or the Accreditation Organization must be adhered to. The Contract Pharmacist shall be required to participate in a quality improvement program, which is consistent with current requirements for ongoing monitoring and evaluation of the quality and appropriateness of care.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Wenda Wright
  - Email: wenda.wright@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6052267724

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7f077661467c4c52850d84878cd4ee51/view)