---
layout: default
title: NIST Fire Engine and Hazmat Unit Truck Maintenance and Repairs – Combined Sources Sought/Notice of Intent to Sole Source
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 384c250deb9c4e7ba0aaead3b573a34e
---

# NIST Fire Engine and Hazmat Unit Truck Maintenance and Repairs – Combined Sources Sought/Notice of Intent to Sole Source

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-10 10:47:45.361-04
- Solicitation Number: NIST-SSNOI-26-ESO-02

## Summary

BACKGROUND ***THIS IS A COMBINED SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE AND NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE*** The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) is seeking information from sources that may be capable of completing fire engine and hazmat truck repairs. If no alternate sources are identified, the Government intends to issue a Sole Source Award to Atlantic Emergency Solutions, Inc. 12351 Randolph Ridge Lane, Manassas, Virginia, 20109, Unique Entity ID (UEI) NF9CK1Q966N3, under the authority of FAR 12.102(a). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 811111. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Fire Department is tasked with Fire, Medical and Hazardous material emergency response. Communicating with our partners in Montgomery County Fire & Rescue and Montgomery County Police is paramount in mitigating an emergency. NIST issued two contracts to Atlantic Emergency Solutions, Inc. for fire engine repairs 1333ND25PNB130267 and hazmat truck repairs 1333ND26PNB190013. The two contracts were for the diagnostic and repair of the fire engine and hazmat truck back to operational condition. During the diagnostic inspection of the fire engine, additional issues were identified that required additional repairs to make the fire engine operational. Modifications to extend the period of performance were not issued due to a lapse in funding. Therefore, a new contract is required to complete the fire engine and hazmat truck repairs. Due to the fire engine and hazardous materials response unit already being located at Atlantic Emergency Solutions Inc., service facility for ongoing maintenance and repairs, it is in the Government’s best interest to complete the additional required repairs with the same vendor on a sole-source basis. Transporting the apparatus to another vendor would result in unnecessary costs, delays, and extended downtime for critical emergency response equipment. Awarding to the current service provider ensures efficiency and the timely return of the apparatus to operational status. HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS NOTICE In responding to this notice, please DO NOT PROVIDE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Please include only the following information, readable in either Microsoft Word 365, Microsoft Excel 365, or .pdf format, in the response. Submit the response by email to the Primary Point of Contact and, if specified, to the Secondary Point of Contact listed at the bottom of this notice as soon as possible, and preferably before the closing date and time of this notice. Provide the complete name of your company, address, name of contact for follow-up questions, their email, their phone number and, if your company has an active registration in https://sam.gov, your company’s Unique Entity ID (UEI). Details about what your company is capable of providing that meets or exceeds NIST’s minimum requirements. Whether your company is an authorized reseller of the product or service being cited and evidence of such authorization. Identify any aspects of the description of the requirements in the BACKGROUND section above that could be viewed as unduly restrictive or create unnecessary barriers that adversely affect your firm’s ability to fully participate in a procurement for such services and explain why. Please offer suggestions for how the requirements could be organized or structured to encourage the participation of small businesses. For the NAICS code Indicate whether your company is (a) a small business or (b) other than small business. See the Table of Small Business Size Standards and the associated .pdf download file for small business size standards and additional information. If you believe the NAICS code listed in this notice is not the best NAICS code for the type of product addressed in this notice, identify an alternative NAICS code that you believe would be more appropriate for the planned procurement. If your firm has existing Federal Supply Schedule contract(s) or other contracts for products or services against which the Department may be able to place orders, identify the contract number(s) and other relevant information. Describe your firm’s experience (as a prime, subcontractor, or consultant) providing the products or services described in Background section. Provide any other information that you believe would be valuable for the Government to know as part of its market research for this requirement. Please let us know if you would like to engage to get a better understanding of the requirement or need additional information about the Government’s requirement for the products or services described in the Background section. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE Questions regarding this notice may be submitted via email to the Primary Point of Contact listed in this notice. Questions should be submitted so that they are received by 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 12, 2026. Questions will be anonymized and answered via sources sought notice amendment following the question submission deadline. IMPORTANT NOTES The information received in response to this notice will be reviewed and considered so that the NIST may appropriately solicit for its requirements in the near future. This notice should not be construed as a commitment by the NIST to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. This notice is not a request for a quotation. Responses will not be considered as proposals or quotations. No award will be made as a result of this notice. NIST is not responsible for any costs incurred by the respondents to this notice. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and appropriate. Thank you for taking the time to submit a response to this request!

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Singman
  - Email: robert.singman@nist.gov
  - Phone: 3019756388

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/384c250deb9c4e7ba0aaead3b573a34e/view)