---
layout: default
title: J091--Annual Fuel Maintenance Program
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: a9267bd80c744d0a8ed08e5bb80e9a9e
---

# J091--Annual Fuel Maintenance Program

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 12:13:01.318-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0320
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Effective Date: 04/18/2025 Revision: 02 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-04. This solicitation is set-aside for Small Business The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811310, with a small business size standard of $12.5 Million. The FSC/PSC is J091. The Togus VAMC located at 1 VA Center, Augusta ME 04330 is seeking a vendor capable of providing Annual Fuel Maintenance services for Togus VA Medical Center per the Performance Work Statement. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001 Annual Fuel Maintenance Services in accordance with the SOW Period: Base

1.00 YR __________________ __________________ 1001 Annual Fuel Maintenance Services in accordance with the SOW Period: OY 1

1.00 YR __________________ __________________ 2001 Annual Fuel Maintenance Services in accordance with the SOW Period: OY 2

1.00 YR __________________ __________________ 3001 Annual Fuel Maintenance Services in accordance with the SOW Period: OY 3

1.00 YR __________________ __________________ 4001 Annual Fuel Maintenance Services in accordance with the SOW Period: OY 4

1.00 YR __________________ __________________ TOTAL __________________ __________________ STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Annual Fuel Maintenance Program (FY26-FY31) Department of Veterans Affairs Togus VA Medical Center Vendor shall provide a fuel maintenance program that includes filtration, decontamination and monitoring for 5-tanks located around the VA Maine Healthcare Facility campus. Equipment to be Serviced: Size - gal Location Service 4,000 gal Lot #3 Fueling Station Vehicles and Generators 275 gal B200E Rm C54 Fire Pump 2,000 gal B200E Rm C54 Gen 4 & 8 2,000 gal B244 Gen 9 & 10 475 gal Outside B210 Gen 11 Overall Service Description provided annually: The following generally explained service will be provided for the equipment listed in this contract: Removal of contamination built up in the tanks including but not limited to Water bottom Sediment Gums Microbes Oxidized fuel Adding Biocides dosing to be calculated and determined on site Lab sampling for each source documenting at a minimum and providing a report Visual Appearance Water Microbial Growth Water and Sediment L1 Cleaning tank with High Velocity Recirc Systems Recording Tank conditions and entering in the report Caps Gaskets Fittings Vents Per VA Directive 1085, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Vendors and their employees. Vendor s employees shall not enter the facilities without appropriate badge. They may also be subject to inspection of their personal effects when entering or leaving the facilities. All employees of the Vendor shall comply with VA security management program and obtain permission of the VA police, be identified by service and employer, and restricted from unauthorized access. Vendor are required to have a badge request form filled out for all personnel (employees, sub-service providers, consultants, inspectors, etc.) Who will be on-station. Vendor will bring completed request forms to the project COR for signature. Vendor will then take signed badge requests to the VAME police department for processing prior to starting work on station. No personnel are allowed to perform any work on station before being issued a badge. No personnel are allowed to perform work on station if their badge is expired. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. VA reserves the right to close down or shut down the facilities and order Vendor s employees off the premises in the event of a national emergency. The Vendor may return to the site only with the written approval of the contracting officer. Prior to commencing work onsite, and each year thereafter, all Vendors and their personnel shall provide proof of receipt of seasonal influenza vaccination in compliance with VHA Direction 1013. Prior to commencing work onsite, all Vendors and their personnel shall provide proof of receipt of required vaccinations and boosters in compliance with current VHA Directives. Prior to commencing work onsite, all Vendor and personal shall provide proof of receipt of required Tuberculosis testing in compliance with VHA Directive 1131(5), dated June 4th, 2021 Parking for Vendor and its employees shall be in designated areas only. Vendor to coordinate with Contracting Officer s Representative. Parking shall be first-come first-serve. The Vendor shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the contracting officer. The Vendor shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider's performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to rules of Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to interfere as little as possible with work being done by others. Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with requests for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service items was completed. All Vendor will sign in and out at engineering upon arrival and departure from station daily. Logbook can be found at B202, 2nd floor engineering. Vendor must obtain a Hot Work Permit from the V.A. Fire Department before conducting any cutting, grinding, or welding operations. Vendor must obtain a Confined Space Permit from Safety before entering a confined space. Vendor must complete a Lock Out Tag Out Plan (LOTO) before starting work on any equipment that will be out of service or de-energized. Payment processed through Tungsten/IPPS. Invoices to be submitted in draft form digitally to the COR for review prior to submission in Tungsten/IPPS. Invoicing for services rendered. All communications in regard to this contract should include the following number in the communication 402-26-229SC. Period of Performance: 12 months from date of award with 4 option years. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: 1 VA Center, Augusta ME Postal Code: 04330 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services [Attention CO: www.sam.gov registration is required to be complete at time of submission of response.] Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services [In accordance with FAR 12.301(c) when the use of evaluation factors is appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial servicesÂ (seeÂ 12.602); or (2)Â Include a similar provision containing all evaluation factors required byÂ 13.106,Â subpartÂ 14.2Â orÂ subpartÂ 15.3, as an addendum (seeÂ 12.302(d)).] The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) FAR 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel The following clauses are applicable: 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation & First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328), 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), 52.219-28, 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (SEP 2021), 52.222-3, Convict Labor (JUN 2003), 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (SEP 2016), 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020), 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (JUN 2020), 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (FEB 2021), 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (AUG 2018), All quoters shall submit the following: (1) A Firm Fixed Price Quote which shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. (2) A technical capability statement or descriptive literature demonstrating the ability to meet the requirements of the Statement of Work Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is Monday, 16 March 2026 at 5:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time will not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. All quotes shall be sent to Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of the FAR. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than Friday, 20 March 2026 by 5:00 PM EST. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov The following are the decision factors: ADDENDUM to 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES Basis for Award. The Government will issue a purchase order to the responsible quoter whose quotation conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Technical Past Performance Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will evaluate quotations using the comparative evaluation process outlined in FAR 13.106-2 (b) (3), where quotations will be compared to one another to determine which provides the best benefit to the Government. The Government reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price that provides additional benefit(s). Quotations may exceed minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. The evaluation will consider the following: Technical: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Past Performance: The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the contracting officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; Customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices (End of Provision) Award will be made to the responsible vendor whose quotation is determined to be technically acceptable and offers the lowest evaluated price to the Government ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (a)Â North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard.Â The NAICS code(s) and small business size standard(s) for thisÂ acquisitionÂ appear elsewhere in theÂ Request for Quote (RFQ). However, the small business size standard for a concern that submits anÂ quote, other than on aÂ constructionÂ or serviceÂ acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or produce is 500 employees, or 150 employees forÂ information technologyÂ value-added resellers under NAICS code 541519, if theÂ acquisition (1) Is set aside for small business and has a value above theÂ simplified acquisition threshold; (2) Uses theÂ HUBZoneÂ price evaluation preference regardless of dollar value, unless theÂ offerorÂ waives the price evaluation preference; or (3) Is an 8(a),Â HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, economically disadvantaged women-owned, or women-owned small business set-aside or sole-source award regardless of dollar value. (b)Â Submission ofÂ Quotes. Submit signed and datedÂ quotesÂ to the office specified in thisÂ Request for Quote (RFQ)Â at or before the exact time specified in thisÂ solicitation.Â QuotesÂ mayÂ be submitted on letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in theÂ solicitation. As a minimum,Â quotesÂ mustÂ show (1)Â TheÂ solicitationÂ number. (2)Â The time specified in theÂ solicitationÂ for receipt ofÂ quotations; (3)Â The name, address, and telephone number of theÂ quoter; (4)Â A technical description of the items being quoted in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in theÂ solicitation. ThisÂ mayÂ include product literature, or other documents, if necessary; (5)Â Terms of any expressÂ warranty; (6)Â Price and any discount terms; (7)Â "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address; (8)Â A completed copy of the representations and certifications at FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation (FAR)Â 52.212-3Â (see FARÂ 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that theÂ offerorÂ shallÂ complete electronically); (9)Â Acknowledgment ofÂ QuotationÂ Amendments; (10)Â Past performanceÂ information will not be considered in simplified acquisition procurements. (11)Â Quotes should include a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in theÂ solicitation.Â QuotesÂ that fail to furnish required representations, or information, or reject the terms and conditions of theÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be excluded from consideration. (c)Â Period for acceptance ofÂ Quotes. TheÂ offerorÂ agrees to hold the prices in itsÂ offerÂ firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt ofÂ quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to theÂ solicitation. (d)Â Product samples. When required by theÂ solicitation, product samplesÂ shallÂ be submitted at or prior to the time specified for receipt ofÂ quotes. Unless otherwise specified in thisÂ solicitation, these samplesÂ shallÂ be submitted at no expense to the Government, and returned at the sender s request and expense, unless they are destroyed during preaward testing. (e)Â MultipleÂ Quotes.Â QuotersÂ are encouraged to submit multipleÂ quotesÂ presenting alternative terms and conditions, including alternativeÂ line itemsÂ (provided that the alternativeÂ line itemsÂ are consistent with FARÂ subpartÂ 4.10), or alternativeÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial servicesÂ for satisfying the requirements of thisÂ solicitation. EachÂ quoteÂ submitted will be evaluated separately. (f)Â Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals ofÂ quotes. (1)Â QuotersÂ are responsible for submittingÂ quotes, and any modifications, revisions, or withdrawals, so as to reach the Government office designated in theÂ solicitationÂ by the time specified in theÂ solicitation. If no time is specified in theÂ solicitation, the time for receipt is 4:30 p.m., local time, for the designated Government office on the date thatÂ quotesÂ or revisions are due. (2) AnyÂ quoteÂ received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ is "late" and may not be considered unless it is received before purchase order issuance and theÂ Contracting OfficerÂ determines that accepting the lateÂ quoteÂ would not unduly delay theÂ acquisition. (3)Â If anÂ emergencyÂ or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so thatÂ quotesÂ cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ by the exact time specified in theÂ Request for Quote, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of theÂ solicitationÂ or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ will be deemed to be extended to the same time ofÂ dayÂ specified in theÂ solicitationÂ on the first workÂ dayÂ on which normal Government processes resume. (g)Â Issuance of Purchase Order. The Government may issue a purchase order to one or more quoters as identified in the Request for Quote (RFQ). Therefore, theÂ quoter s initialÂ quoteÂ shouldÂ contain the best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government may reject any or all quotes if such action is in the public s best interest. In addition, the Contracting Officer (CO) may issue a purchase order to other than the quoter with the lowest quoted price. (h)Â Multiple awards. The GovernmentÂ mayÂ accept issue a purchase order for any item or group of items of a quotation, unless theÂ quoterÂ qualifies theÂ quotationÂ by specific limitations. Unless otherwise provided in the quotation,Â offersÂ mayÂ not be submitted for quantities less than those specified in the RFQ. The Government reserves the right to issue a purchase order for a quantity less than the quantity quoted, at the unit prices quoted, unless theÂ quoterÂ specifies otherwise in theÂ quote. (i)Â Availability of requirements documents cited in theÂ solicitation. (1) (i)Â The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101 29, and copies of Federal specifications, standards, and product descriptions can be downloaded from the ASSIST website atÂ https://assist.dla.mil. (ii)Â If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued thisÂ solicitation, a copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in thisÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be obtained from the address in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision. (2)Â Most unclassified Defense specifications and standardsÂ mayÂ be downloaded from the ASSIST website atÂ https://assist.dla.mil. (3)Â Defense documents not available from the ASSIST websiteÂ mayÂ be requested from the Defense Standardization Program Office by (i)Â Using the ASSIST feedback module (Â https://assist.dla.mil/ feedback); or (ii)Â Contacting the Defense Standardization Program Office by telephone at 571 767 6688 or email atÂ assisthelp@dla.mil. (4)Â Nongovernment (voluntary) standardsÂ mustÂ be obtained from the organization responsible for their preparation, publication, or maintenance. (j)Â Unique entity identifier.(Applies to allÂ quotesÂ that exceed theÂ micro-purchase threshold, andÂ quotesÂ at or below theÂ micro-purchase thresholdÂ if theÂ Request for Quote (RFQ)Â requires the Contractor to beÂ registered in the System for Award Management (SAM).) TheÂ quoterÂ shallÂ enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of itsÂ offer, the annotation "Unique Entity Identifier" followed by theÂ unique entity identifierÂ that identifies theÂ Quoter's name and address. TheÂ QuoterÂ alsoÂ shallÂ enter itsÂ Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a four-character suffix to theÂ unique entity identifier. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of theÂ QuoterÂ to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FARÂ subpartÂ 32.11) for the same entity. If theÂ QuoterÂ does not have aÂ unique entity identifier, itÂ shouldÂ contact the entity designated atÂ www.sam.govÂ forÂ unique entity identifierÂ establishment directly to obtain one. TheÂ QuoterÂ shouldÂ indicate that it is anÂ planning to submit a quoteÂ for a Government Request for Quote (RFQ) when contacting the entity designated atÂ www.sam.govÂ for establishing theÂ unique entity identifier. (k)Â [Reserved] (l)Â Notification. The CO will not notify unsuccessful quoters that responded to this Request for Quotation (RFQ). (End of provision)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kenya R Mitchell
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov
  - Phone: 860-666-6951

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a9267bd80c744d0a8ed08e5bb80e9a9e/view)