---
layout: default
title: 6515--TSA Shoulder Instrument Set Brand Name or Equal
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c664f2b37ae74482b8dab352aa7ebdad
---

# 6515--TSA Shoulder Instrument Set Brand Name or Equal

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 16:18:27.28-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0298
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0298 Total Shoulder Arthroplasty Instrument Set for Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center Unrestricted | No Set Aside This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 12:00pm March 9th, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. ** Quotes are to be provided to jeremy.ferrer@va.gov no later than 16:00pm MT, March 11th, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0298. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 effective October 01, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339112 with a business size standard of 1,000 Employees. This solicitation is Unrestricted with No Set-Aside used. List of Line Items; This is a Brand Name or Equal Requirement Line Items Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 0001 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE ANATOMIC CS EDGE Kit This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 1 EA 0002 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FA SALT ANATOMIC GLENOID This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 1 EA 0003 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALT ANATOMIC HUM HEAD This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 1 EA 0004 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALT ANATOMIC HUM STEM This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 1 EA 0005 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE REVERSE GLENOID This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 2 EA 0006 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE REVERSE HUMERAL PREPARATION This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 2 EA 0007 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE REVERSE HUMERAL TRIALING This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 2 EA 0008 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE RSP HUMERAL TRIALING SMALL 2 EA 0009 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis RETRACTOR.HUMERAL This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 2 EA 0010 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis HANDLE, RATCHETING 2 EA 0011 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis EXTENSION, POWER TAP RSP 2 EA 0012 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis ADAPTOR, TAP DRIVER RSP SHOULDER 2 EA 0013 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis SOCKET REAMER, HUMERAL, RSP, SMALL 2 EA 0014 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis SOCKET REAMER, HUMERAL, RSP, MEDIUM 2 EA 0015 BRAND NAME OR EQUIVALENT: Enovis RSP CENTRAL DRILL GUIDE HANDLE 2 EA 0016 BRAND NAME OR EQUIVALENT: Enovis 2.5MM RSP CENTRAL DRILL GUIDE 2 EA Grand Total ($) Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: The requirement is for Total Shoulder Arthroplasty Instrument Set, please reference attached statement of work (SOW). Attachment A (attached) includes additional details on these kits. Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at: Rocky Mountain Regional VAMC 1700 N. Wheeling St. Aurora, CO 80045 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the SBA Small Business Certification (SBS): https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL (a) Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturer s (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers. No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. (b) Offeror shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (c) The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract. Accordingly, the VA reserves the right enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. (d) Offerors providing an or equal product(s) must adhere to the terms in FAR 52.211-6. If an item in this solicitation is identified as brand name or equal, the purchase description reflects the characteristics and level of quality that will satisfy the Government s needs. The salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics that equal products must meet or exceed are specified in the solicitation. To be considered for award, offers of equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer, must i. Meet the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation; ii. Clearly identify the item by- 1. Brand name, if any and 2. Make or model number, iii. Include descriptive literature such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer; and iv. Clearly describe any modification the offeror plans to make in a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements. Mark any descriptive material to clearly show the modification. The contracting officer will evaluate equal products on the basis of information furnished by the offeror or identified in the offer and reasonably available to the contracting officer. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the offer. Unless the offeror clearly indicates in its offer that the product being offered is an equal product, the offeror shall provide the brand name product referenced in the solicitation (e) Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. (f) State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. (g) If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be SBA certified and visible in the SBA Database: https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. (h) Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. (i) All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. (j) All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Completion of FAR 25 Provision; (IV) Proof of Distributor agreement with Manufacturer letter Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the Statement of Work (SOW) and solicitation. The offeror shall submit specifications, cut sheets, or brochures confirming the equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer submitted, meets or exceeds the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation. The product(s) quoted must be identified by brand name, if any, and make or model number. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. Volume III Completion of FAR 25 Provision The offeror shall complete the provision if required by FAR Part 25. Provisions RFO 52.225-2, 52.225-4, 52.225-6 to verify all items are in compliance with Buy American requirements. Volume IV Proof of Distributor agreement with Manufacturer letter The offeror shall submit verification that they are an authorized distributor of the items quoted. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1 shall not be selected regardless of price. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ Statute 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute X 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute X 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute X 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute X 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification Statute 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to jeremy.ferrer@va.gov by 16:00pm MT, March 11th, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Jeremy Ferrer Jeremy.ferrer@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeremy Ferrer
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: jeremy.ferrer@va.gov
  - Phone: 7209006397

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: with the corresponding CLIN 1 EA 0002 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FA SALT ANATOMIC GLENOID This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 1 EA 0003 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALT ANATOMIC HUM HEAD This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 1 EA 0004 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALT ANATOMIC HUM STEM This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 1 EA 0005 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE REVERSE GLENOID This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 2 EA 0006 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE REVERSE HUMERAL PREPARATION This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 2 EA 0007 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE REVERSE HUMERAL TRIALING This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 2 EA 0008 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis FAS ALTIVATE RSP HUMERAL TRIALING SMALL 2 EA 0009 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis RETRACTOR.HUMERAL This item is a full kit. The contents of this kit can be found in Attachment A with the corresponding CLIN 2 EA 0010 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis HANDLE, RATCHETING 2 EA 0011 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis EXTENSION, POWER TAP RSP 2 EA 0012 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis ADAPTOR, TAP DRIVER RSP SHOULDER 2 EA 0013 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis SOCKET REAMER, HUMERAL, RSP, SMALL 2 EA 0014 Brand Name Or Equivalent: Enovis SOCKET REAMER, HUMERAL, RSP, MEDIUM 2 EA 0015 BRAND NAME OR EQUIVALENT: Enovis RSP CENTRAL DRILL GUIDE HANDLE 2 EA 0016 BRAND NAME OR EQUIVALENT: Enovis 2.5MM RSP CENTRAL DRILL GUIDE 2 EA Grand Total ($) Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: The requirement is for Total Shoulder Arthroplasty Instrument Set, please reference attached statement of work (SOW). Attachment A (attached) includes additional details on these kits. Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at: Rocky Mountain Regional VAMC 1700 N. Wheeling St. Aurora, CO 80045 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the SBA Small Business Certification (SBS): https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL (a) Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturer s (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers. No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. (b) Offeror shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (c) The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract. Accordingly, the VA reserves the right enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. (d) Offerors providing an or equal product(s) must adhere to the terms in FAR 52.211-6. If an item in this solicitation is identified as brand name or equal, the purchase description reflects the characteristics and level of quality that will satisfy the Government s needs. The salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics that equal products must meet or exceed are specified in the solicitation. To be considered for award, offers of equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer, must i. Meet the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation; ii. Clearly identify the item by- 1. Brand name, if any and 2. Make or model number, iii. Include descriptive literature such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer; and iv. Clearly describe any modification the offeror plans to make in a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements. Mark any descriptive material to clearly show the modification. The contracting officer will evaluate equal products on the basis of information furnished by the offeror or identified in the offer and reasonably available to the contracting officer. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the offer. Unless the offeror clearly indicates in its offer that the product being offered is an equal product, the offeror shall provide the brand name product referenced in the solicitation (e) Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. (f) State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. (g) If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be SBA certified and visible in the SBA Database: https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. (h) Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. (i) All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. (j) All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Completion of FAR 25 Provision; (IV) Proof of Distributor agreement with Manufacturer letter Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the Statement of Work (SOW) and solicitation. The offeror shall submit specifications, cut sheets, or brochures confirming the equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer submitted, meets or exceeds the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation. The product(s) quoted must be identified by brand name, if any, and make or model number. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. Volume III Completion of FAR 25 Provision The offeror shall complete the provision if required by FAR Part 25. Provisions RFO 52.225-2, 52.225-4, 52.225-6 to verify all items are in compliance with Buy American requirements. Volume IV Proof of Distributor agreement with Manufacturer letter The offeror shall submit verification that they are an authorized distributor of the items quoted. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1 shall not be selected regardless of price. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ Statute 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute X 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute X 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute X 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute X 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification Statute 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to jeremy.ferrer@va.gov by 16:00pm MT, March 11th, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Jeremy Ferrer Jeremy.ferrer@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c664f2b37ae74482b8dab352aa7ebdad/view)