---
layout: default
title: 6640--BIOLOGICAL SAFETY CABINET
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 832b5b01cdab46509b8f942144de967b
---

# 6640--BIOLOGICAL SAFETY CABINET

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 16:59:21.947-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926Q0185
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 36C24926Q0185 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for Thermo Scientific 1500 Series A2 Class II, Type A2 Biological Safety Cabinet and Accessories. This acquisition is not a set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular from 2026-01. This solicitation is unrestricted. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 334516 with a small business size standard of 1,000 Employees. The FSC/PSC is 6640. The Alvin C. York VAMC is seeking to purchase below items. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Item: Thermo Scientific 1500 Series A2 Class II, Type A2 Biological Safety Cabinet with Accessories, brand name", to include units setup in labs. LINE-ITEM MFR # ITEM DESCRIPTION QTY EACH PRICE 0001 1912417 1500 Series A2 Class II, Type A2 Biological Safety Cabinet, 120V, Width Cabinet: 5 ft., Sash Opening: 10 in.. 3 0002 13684266 1500 BSC Thimble Duct Thimble for 3 ft., 4 ft., and 5 ft. 1500 A2 Class II BSC, For Use With: 3/4/5 ft. 1500 A2 Class II BSC 2 0003 1910185 Alnor Exhaust Alarm for 1300 A, Accessories for Series 1300 Class II, Type A2 Biological Safety Cabinets 2 0004 15474210 1300 VAC Valve Long Accessories for 1300 series Class II, Type A2 Biological Safety Cabinet, Vacuum Valve, for standard applications 3 0005 13261361 Shelf to hang from base stand accessories for 1300 series Class II, Type A2 Biological Safety Cabinets 3 This requirement is for brand name" Thermo Scientific 1500 Series A2 Class II, Type A2 Biological Safety Cabinet with Accessories. 1. Delivery/Setup Provide White Glove Delivery/Inside Delivery, this is where the vendor will be required to deliver/place the biological cabinets into the lab location, set the units up on stands or in designate location, and remove debris. The cost of delivery and setup shall be included in the price of individual line item cost. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery TVHS, Veteran Administration Nashville Campus Address: 1310 24th Ave S, Nashville, TN Postal Code: 37212 Country: UNITED STATES CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS The clauses and provisions that are incorporated reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at http://acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html. The following solicitation clauses and provisions apply to this acquisition: A1. 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services. A2. 52.212-2, Evaluation Commercial Products and Commercial Services. A3. 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services. A4. 52.225-2, Buy American Certificate. A5. 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. A6. 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference. A7. 852.212-72, Gray Market and Counterfeit Items - Information Technology Maintenance Allowing Other-than-New Parts. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal, A.1 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (MAR 2023) (a) North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard. The NAICS code(s) and small business size standard(s) for this acquisition appear elsewhere in the solicitation. However, the small business size standard for a concern that submits an offer, other than on a construction or service acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or produce is 1,000 employees, value-added resellers under NAICS code 334516, if the acquisition (1) Is set aside for small business and has a value below the simplified acquisition threshold; (2) Uses the HUBZone price evaluation preference regardless of dollar value, unless the offeror waives the price evaluation preference; or (3) Is an 8(a), HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, economically- disadvantaged women-owned, or women-owned small business set-aside or sole-source award regardless of dollar value. (b) Submission of offers. All quoters shall submit the below items. Non-compliance to the below items with this requirement may result in disqualification of the quote. 1. Only one quote and all items must be quoted, partial quotes will not be accepted. Quote shall be on offeror s company letterhead, in PDF format and emailed to larry.olive@va.gov NLT 04/30/2026 at 10:00 AM CT. The solicitation number, 36C24926Q0185 must be referenced in the subject line. 2. All vendors must be registered and complete all entries in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be considered for award. 3. All quote submissions must include company name, address, UEI, cage code, Federal TIN, and telephone number. 4. Quote should state estimated delivery date. 5. Terms of any express warranty; 6. Price and any discount terms; 7. Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments; 8. If you are not the OEM, offeror shall submit authorized distributor letter as part of their quote. A single award will be made based upon price alone for total cost of all brand name items. The award will be made to the response best price to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below: Point of Contact Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation shall be sent in writing only via email addressed to larry.olive@va.gov on subject line: 36C24926Q0185. Questions shall be submitted NO LATER THAN 04/27/2026 @ 10:00 AM CT. Quote must be submitted NO LATER THAN 04/30/2026 @ 10:00 AM CT. (c) Period for acceptance of offers. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (d) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers, and any modifications, revisions, or withdrawals, so as to reach the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. If no time is specified in the solicitation, the time for receipt is 4:30 p.m., local time, for the designated Government office on the date that offers or revisions are due. (2)(i) Any offer, modification, revision, or withdrawal of an offer received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of offers is "late" and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made, the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition; and (A) If it was transmitted through an electronic commerce method authorized by the solicitation, it was received at the initial point of entry to the Government infrastructure not later than 5:00 p.m. one working day prior to the date specified for receipt of offers; or (B) There is acceptable evidence to establish that it was received at the Government installation designated for receipt of offers and was under the Government's control prior to the time set for receipt of offers; or (C) If this solicitation is a request for proposals, it was the only proposal received. (ii) However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer, that makes its terms more favorable to the Government, will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) Acceptable evidence to establish the time of receipt at the Government installation includes the time/date stamp of that installation on the offer wrapper, other documentary evidence of receipt maintained by the installation, or oral testimony or statements of Government personnel. (4) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (5) Offers may be withdrawn by written notice received at any time before the exact time set for receipt of offers. Oral offers in response to oral solicitations may be withdrawn orally. If the solicitation authorizes facsimile offers, offers may be withdrawn via facsimile received at any time before the exact time set for receipt of offers, subject to the conditions specified in the solicitation concerning facsimile offers. An offer may be withdrawn in person by an offeror or its authorized representative if, before the exact time set for receipt of offers, the identity of the person requesting withdrawal is established and the person signs a receipt for the offer. (e) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror's initial offer should contain the offeror's best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (f) Unique entity identifier. (Applies to all offers that exceed the micro-purchase threshold and offers at or below the micro-purchase threshold if the solicitation requires the Contractor to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM).) The Offeror shall enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of its offer, the annotation Unique Entity Identifier followed by the unique entity identifier that identifies the Offeror s name and address. The Offeror also shall enter its Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a four-character suffix to the unique entity identifier. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of the Offeror to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FAR subpart 32.11) for the same entity. If the Offeror does not have a unique entity identifier, it should contact the entity designated at www.sam.gov for unique entity identifier establishment directly to obtain one. The Offeror should indicate that it is an offeror for a Government contract when contacting the entity designated at www.sam.gov for establishing the unique entity identifier. (g) Request for information. If a supplier requests information on an award that was based on factors other than price alone, a brief explanation of the basis for the contract award decision shall be provided (see 15.503(b)(2)). (End of Provision) A.2 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: (b) The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: (1) Authorized Distributor Letter, if not the OEM, must be provided. Failure to provide authorized distributor letter with your offer will result in your offer being determined as technically unacceptable and ineligible for award. (2) Price Pricing must include white glove delivery service/installation. (c) Evaluation Approach. A single award will be made based upon price alone for total cost of all brand name items. The award will be made to the response best price to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. (1) Delivery: The quotation should include the estimated delivery date. (2) Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. (End of Provision) A3. FAR 52.212-4, CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES DECEMBER 2022 (a) Inspection/Acceptance. The Contractor shall only tender for acceptance those items that conform to the requirements of this contract. The Government reserves the right to inspect or test any supplies or services that have been tendered for acceptance. The Government may require repair or replacement of nonconforming supplies or reperformance of nonconforming services at no increase in contract price. If repair/replacement or reperformance will not correct the defects or is not possible, the Government may seek an equitable price reduction or adequate consideration for acceptance of nonconforming supplies or services. The Government must exercise its post-acceptance rights- (1) Within a reasonable time after the defect was discovered or should have been discovered; and (2) Before any substantial change occurs in the condition of the item, unless the change is due to the defect in the item. (b) Assignment. The Contractor or its assignee may assign its rights to receive payment due as a result of performance of this contract to a bank, trust company, or other financing institution, including any Federal lending agency in accordance with the Assignment of Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 3727). However, when a third party makes payment (e.g., use of the Governmentwide commercial purchase card), the Contractor may not assign its rights to receive payment under this contract. (c) Changes. Changes in the terms and conditions of this contract may be made only by written agreement of the parties. (d) Disputes. This contract is subject to 41 U.S.C. chapter 71, Contract Disputes. Failure of the parties to this contract to reach agreement on any request for equitable adjustment, claim, appeal or action arising under or relating to this contract shall be a dispute to be resolved in accordance with the clause at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.233-1, Disputes, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Contractor shall proceed diligently with performance of this contract, pending final resolution of any dispute arising under the contract. (e) Definitions. The clause at FAR 52.202-1, Definitions, is incorporated herein by reference. (f) Excusable delays. The Contractor shall be liable for default unless nonperformance is caused by an occurrence beyond the reasonable control of the Contractor and without its fault or negligence such as, acts of God or the public enemy, acts of the Government in either its sovereign or contractual capacity, fires, floods, epidemics, quarantine restrictions, strikes, unusually severe weather, and delays of common carriers. The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing as soon as it is reasonably possible after the commencement of any excusable delay, setting forth the full particulars in connection therewith, shall remedy such occurrence with all reasonable dispatch, and shall promptly give written notice to the Contracting Officer of the cessation of such occurrence. (g) Invoice. (1) The Contractor shall submit an original invoice and three copies (or electronic invoice, if authorized) to the address designated in the contract to receive invoices. An invoice must include- (i) Name and address of the Contractor; (ii) Invoice date and number; (iii) Contract number, line item number and, if applicable, the order number; (iv) Description, quantity, unit of measure, unit price and extended price of the items delivered; (iv) Shipping number and date of shipment, including the bill of lading number and weight of shipment if shipped on Government bill of lading; (v) Terms of any discount for prompt payment offered; (vi) Name and address of official to whom payment is to be sent; (vii) Name, title, and phone number of person to notify in event of defective invoice; and (ix) Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN). The Contractor shall include its TIN on the invoice only if required elsewhere in this contract. (x) Electronic funds transfer (EFT) banking information. (A) The Contractor shall include EFT banking information on the invoice only if required elsewhere in this contract. (B) If EFT banking information is not required to be on the invoice, in order for the invoice to be a proper invoice, the Contractor shall have submitted correct EFT banking information in accordance with the applicable solicitation provision, contract clause (e.g., 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management, or 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other Than System for Award Management), or applicable agency procedures. (C) EFT banking information is not required if the Government waived the requirement to pay by EFT. (2) Invoices will be handled in accordance with the Prompt Payment Act ( 31 U.S.C. 3903) and Office of Management and Budget (OMB) prompt payment regulations at 5 CFR Part 1315. (h) Patent indemnity. The Contractor shall indemnify the Government and its officers, employees and agents against liability, including costs, for actual or alleged direct or contributory infringement of, or inducement to infringe, any United States or foreign patent, trademark or copyright, arising out of the performance of this contract, provided the Contractor is reasonably notified of such claims and proceedings. (i) Payment.- (1) Items accepted. Payment shall be made for items accepted by the Government that have been delivered to the delivery destinations set forth in this contract. (2) Prompt payment. The Government will make payment in accordance with the Prompt Payment Act ( 31 U.S.C. 3903) and prompt payment regulations at 5 CFR Part 1315. (3) Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT). If the Government makes payment by EFT, see 52.212-5(b) for the appropriate EFT clause. (4) Discount. In connection with any discount offered for early payment, time shall be computed from the date of the invoice. For the purpose of computing the discount earned, payment shall be considered to have been made on the date which appears on the payment check or the specified payment date if an electronic funds transfer payment is made. (5) Overpayments. If the Contractor becomes aware of a duplicate contract financing or invoice payment or that the Government has otherwise overpaid on a contract financing or invoice payment, the Contractor shall- (i) Remit the overpayment amount to the payment office cited in the contract along with a description of the overpayment including the- (A) Circumstances of the overpayment (e.g., duplicate payment, erroneous payment, liquidation errors, date(s) of overpayment); (B) Affected contract number and delivery order number, if applicable; (C) Affected line item or subline item, if applicable; and (D) Contractor point of contact. (ii) Provide a copy of the remittance and supporting documentation to the Contracting Officer. (6) Interest. (i) All amounts that become payable by the Contractor to the Government under this contract shall bear simple interest from the date due until paid unless paid within 30 days of becoming due. The interest rate shall be the interest rate established by the Secretary of the Treasury as provided in 41 U.S.C. 7109, which is applicable to the period in which the amount becomes due, as provided in (i)(6)(v) of this clause, and then at the rate applicable for each six-month period as fixed by the Secretary until the amount is paid. (ii) The Government may issue a demand for payment to the Contractor upon finding a debt is due under the contract. (iii) Final decisions. The Contracting Officer will issue a final decision as required by 33.211 if (A) The Contracting Officer and the Contractor are unable to reach agreement on the existence or amount of a debt within 30 days; (B) The Contractor fails to liquidate a debt previously demanded by the Contracting Officer within the timeline specified in the demand for payment unless the amounts were not repaid because the Contractor has requested an installment payment agreement; or (C)The Contractor requests a deferment of collection on a debt previously demanded by the Contracting Officer (see 32.607-2). (iii) If a demand for payment was previously issued for the debt, the demand for payment included in the final decision shall identify the same due date as the original demand for payment. (iv) Amounts shall be due at the earliest of the following dates: (A) The date fixed under this contract. (B) The date of the first written demand for payment, including any demand for payment resulting from a default termination. (v) The interest charge shall be computed for the actual number of calendar days involved beginning on the due date and ending on- (A) The date on which the designated office receives payment from the Contractor; (B) The date of issuance of a Government check to the Contractor from which an amount otherwise payable has been withheld as a credit against the contract debt; or (C)Th e date on which an amount withheld and applied to the contract debt would otherwise have become payable to the Contractor. (vi) The interest charge made under this clause may be reduced under the prescribed in FAR 32.608-2 in effect on the date of this contract. (j) Risk of loss. Unless the contract specifically provides otherwise, risk of loss or damage to the supplies provided under this contract shall remain with the Contractor until, and shall pass to the Government upon: (1) Delivery of the supplies to a carrier, if transportation is f.o.b. origin; or (2) Delivery of the supplies to the Government at the destination specified in the contract, if transportation is f.o.b. destination. (k) Taxes. The contract price includes all applicable Federal, State, and local taxes and duties. (l) Termination for the Government s convenience. The Government reserves the right to terminate this contract, or any part hereof, for its sole convenience. In the event of such termination, the Contractor shall immediately stop all work hereunder and shall immediately cause any and all of its suppliers and subcontractors to cease work. Subject to the terms of this contract, the Contractor shall be paid a percentage of the contract price reflecting the percentage of the work performed prior to the notice of termination, plus reasonable charges the Contractor can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Government using its standard record keeping system, have resulted from the termination. The Contractor shall not be required to comply with the cost accounting standards or contract cost principles for this purpose. This paragraph does not give the Government any right to audit the Contractor s records. The Contractor shall not be paid for any work performed or costs incurred which reasonably could have been avoided. (m)Termination for cause. The Government may terminate this contract, or any part hereof, for cause in the event of any default by the Contractor, or if the Contractor fails to comply with any contract terms and conditions, or fails to provide the Government, upon request, with adequate assurances of future performance. In the event of termination for cause, the Government shall not be liable to the Contractor for any amount for supplies or services not accepted, and the Contractor shall be liable to the Government for any and all rights and remedies provided by law. If it is determined that the Government improperly terminated this contract for default, such termination shall be deemed a termination for convenience. (n) Title. Unless specified elsewhere in this contract, title to items furnished under this contract shall pass to the Government upon acceptance, regardless of when or where the Government takes physical possession. (o) Warranty. The Contractor warrants and implies that the items delivered hereunder are merchantable and fit for use for the particular purpose described in this contract. (p) Limitation of liability. Except as otherwise provided by an express warranty, the Contractor will not be liable to the Government for consequential damages resulting from any defect or deficiencies in accepted items. (q) Other compliances. The Contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under this contract. (r) Compliance with laws unique to Government contracts. The Contractor agrees to comply with 31 U.S.C. 1352 relating to limitations on the use of appropriated funds to influence certain Federal contracts; 18 U.S.C. 431 relating to officials not to benefit; 40 U.S.C. chapter 37, Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards; 41 U.S.C. chapter 87, Kickbacks; 49 U.S.C. 40118, Fly American; and 41 U.S.C. chapter 21 relating to procurement integrity. (s) Order of precedence. Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence in the following order: (1) The schedule of supplies/services. (2) The Assignments, Disputes, Payments, Invoice, Other Compliances, Compliance with Laws Unique to Government Contracts, and Unauthorized Obligations paragraphs of this clause; (3) Addenda to this solicitation or contract, including any license agreements for computer software. (4) Solicitation provisions if this is a solicitation. (5) Other paragraphs of this clause. (6) The Standard Form 1449. (7) Other documents, exhibits, and attachments. (8) The specification. (t) [Reserved] (u) Unauthorized Obligations. (1) Except as stated in paragraph (u)(2) of this clause, when any supply or service acquired under this contract is subject to any End User License Agreement (EULA), Terms of Service (TOS), or similar legal instrument or agreement, that includes any clause requiring the Government to indemnify the Contractor or any person or entity for damages, costs, fees, or any other loss or liability that would create an Anti-Deficiency Act violation ( 31 U.S.C. 1341), the following shall govern: (i) Any such clause is unenforceable against the Government. (ii) Neither the Government nor any Government authorized end user shall be deemed to have agreed to such clause by virtue of it appearing in the EULA, TOS, or similar legal instrument or agreement. If the EULA, TOS, or similar legal instrument or agreement is invoked through an "I agree" click box or other comparable mechanism (e.g., "click-wrap" or "browse-wrap" agreements), execution does not bind the Government or any Government authorized end user to such clause. (iii) Any such clause is deemed to be stricken from the EULA, TOS, or similar legal instrument or agreement. (2) Paragraph (u)(1) of this clause does not apply to indemnification by the Government that is expressly authorized by statute and specifically authorized under applicable agency regulations and procedures. (v) Incorporation by reference. The Contractor s representations and certifications, including those completed electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM), are incorporated by reference into the contract. (End of clause) A4. 52.225-2 BUY AMERICAN CERTIFICATE (a) (1)Â The Offeror certifies that each end product, except those listed in paragraph (b) of this provision, is a domestic end product and that each domestic end product listed in paragraph (c) of this provision contains a critical component. (2)Â The Offeror shall list as foreign end products those end products manufactured in the United States that do not qualify as domestic end products. For those foreign end products that do not consist wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, the Offeror shall also indicate whether these foreign end products exceed 55 percent domestic content, except for those that are COTS items. If the percentage of the domestic content is unknown, select no . (3)Â The Offeror shall separately list the line item numbers of domestic end products that contain a critical component (see FAR 25.105). (4)Â The terms commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) item, critical component, "domestic end product," "end product," and "foreign end product" are defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Buy American-Supplies." (b)Â Foreign End Products: Line Item No. Country of origin Exceeds 55% domestic content (yes/no) ______________ _________________ _________________ ______________ _________________ _________________ ______________ _________________ _________________ (b)[List as necessary] (c)Â Domestic end products containing a critical component: Line Item No.Â ___ [List as necessary] (d)Â The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of partÂ 25 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (End of provision) A.5 52.252-1 SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul (FAR) and http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) (End of Provision) FAR Number Title Date 52.204-7 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT 52.204-90 OFFEROR IDENTIFICATION 52.219-6 NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE 52.222-18 CERTIFICATION REGARDING KNOWLEDGE OF CHILD LABOR FOR LISTED END PRODUCTS 52.222-50 COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS 852.209-70 ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST OCT 2020 852.273-70 LATE OFFERS NOV 2021 (End of Addendum to 52.252-1) A6. 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/ FAR Number Title Date 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE 52.204-18 COMMERCIAL AND OVERMENT ENTITY CODE MAINTENANCE 52.209-6 PROTECTING THE GOVERNMENT'S INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT 52.209-10 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS 52.219-4 NOTICE OF PRICE EVALUATION PREFERENCE FOR HUBZONE SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS 52.222-3 CONVICT LABOR 52.222-19 CHILD LABOR COOPERATION WITH AUTHORITIES AND REMEDIES 52.222-36 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES 52.222-40 NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT 52.225-1 BUY AMERICAN SUPPLIES,...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Larry Olive
  - Title: Contracts Specialist
  - Email: larry.olive@va.gov
  - Phone: 615-225-2475

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/832b5b01cdab46509b8f942144de967b/view)