---
layout: default
title: Induction Mast Standpipe Thermal Spray Repair Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1ac967a99c364f76bddb9195867b4b1d
---

# Induction Mast Standpipe Thermal Spray Repair Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 16:27:23.947-04
- Solicitation Number: N4523A26Q0808

## Summary

The Regional Maintenance Center at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard & Intermediate Maintenance Facility (PSNS & IMF) is conducting market research to determine industry capability and interest in performing restoration of SSBN 737 Induction Mast Standpipe. SCOPE: Trident Refit Facility, Bangor, WA (TRFB), in support of the SSBN 737 USS Kentucky Extended Refit Period (ERP) maintenance availability, requires commercial thermal spray surface deposition repair services to restore the Induction Mast Standpipe outer surface as directed by Ref. 2.1. The outer surface of the Induction Mast Standpipe requires outer “wear” surface repairs due to wear and corrosion by products and defects that do not meet inspection criteria of the applicable NAVSEA Maintenance Standard document. Thermal spray repair of components removed from USN vessels shall only be conducted by thermal spray entities whose deposition processes and facilities have been certified by NAVSEA. The Induction Mast Standpipe outer wear surface was previously repaired in 2012 via thermal spray repairs conducted by Norfolk Naval Shipyard (NNSY) per Ref. 2.1. When TRFB engaged NNSY in FEB 2026 to query as to their capability to assist with thermal spray repair services, NNSY responded that they do not currently have the capability. TRFB then surveyed other USN shipyards, which resulted with no activity having the requisite thermal spray capability, thus commercial thermal spray services are required. Period of Performance: The ESTIMATED period of performance will be 01 May 2026 - 31 July 2026. What/Where to Submit: Interested companies should submit, on company letterhead, a notice of interest including the name, telephone number, mailing address, and e-mail address of one point of contact. Please hand or digitally sign your letter of interest and e-mail it to the Government contacts listed below, with "Induction Mast Thermal Spray Sources Sought Response" in the subject field. The notice of interest should include a brief description of your company and its capabilities as they relate to the requirements set forth in the description shown above, and answers to the following specific questions. Please limit your response to no more than 5 pages. 1. Is your company a small or large business as defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) under NAICS code 332812? 2. Does your company have a satisfactory performance record for the type of work required? Please provide examples of relevant and recent (within three years) past performance. 3. Does your company have the necessary organization, experience, accounting and operational controls, and technical skills, or the ability to obtain them (including, as appropriate, such elements as production control procedures, property control systems, quality assurance measures, and safety programs applicable to materials to be produced or services to be performed by the prospective contractor and subcontractors)? 4. Given the work described in this announcement, does your company plan to submit a proposal in response to the anticipated solicitation for the Thermal Spray package? 5. Based off the Draft Statement of Work (attached), please provide an estimate for lead time of this requirement. 6. Based off the Draft Statement of Work (attached), please provide an estimate for the cost of this requirement, including shipping costs. This is only to support Market Research, and no contractors will be held to estimates provided in response to this sources sought. Drawings and References cannot be provided until a solicitation is posted. Notice Regarding Sources Sought: This Sources Sought is issued solely for information and planning purposes - it does not constitute a solicitation or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future. This Sources Sought does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Further, the Navy is not seeking proposals at this time, nor accepting unsolicited proposals. Responders are advised that the U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this source sought; all costs associated with responding to this source sought will be solely at the interested party's expense. Not responding to this Sources Sought does not preclude participation in any future Request for Quote (RFQ), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Proposal (RFP), if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the SAM website (sam.gov). It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this requirement. Information provided shall be treated as Business Sensitive or Confidential to the responder, exempt from public release under the Freedom of Information Act. PSNS & IMF may request further information regarding the capabilities of respondents to meet the requirements set forth in the announcement. Information provided in response to this sources sought announcement will not be considered an offer by the responding contractor and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Based on the responses to this sources sought, this requirement may be set aside for small business (in full or in part) or procured through full and open competition (unrestricted), the government intent at this time is for a single award. All small business set-aside categories will be considered. Telephonic inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, the government will not be providing evaluations or comments to companies providing sources sought responses but the responses will be used to inform the government as to the best means of procuring this requirement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Katherine Lauer
  - Email: katherine.e.lauer.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 3608159581
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Edwin Baldoria
  - Email: edwin.baldoria@navy.mil
  - Phone: 3602777905

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1ac967a99c364f76bddb9195867b4b1d/view)