---
layout: default
title: NDAA Compliant Drone
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 1c876e901f064e358d8c294a70dc3109
---

# NDAA Compliant Drone

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 12:55:48.132-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333ND26QNB190127

## Summary

I. BACKGROUND The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) require a National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) compliant drone for use on and near NIST sensitive areas to maintain required arial observation. II. SCOPE The Contractor shall deliver a quantity of one (1) NDAA compliant drone. Package shall be inclusive of all specified requirements, destination delivery, installation if applicable, warranty, and training. DRONE MUST BE CURRENT MODEL AND NOT A DISCONTINUED MODEL. III. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE NIST Gaithersburg Campus. IV. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE One month after contract award. V. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS The Contractor shall provide a system that meets all technical specifications identified below. All items must be new. Used or remanufactured equipment will not be considered for award. Experimental, prototype, or custom items will not be considered. The use of “gray market” components is not authorized for sale in the U.S. by the Contractor and is not acceptable. All line items shall be shipped in the original manufacturer’s packaging and include all original documentation and software, as applicable. Item 1 – NDAA Thermal Package Drone with Smart Controller & SAMO Payload The contractor shall provide: 1x Dual-band airframe • 1x Smart controller • 1x Battery charger • 1x Propeller set CCW • 1x Propeller set CW • 5x Smart battery • 1x SAMO payload - 640x512 radiometric + 64MP • 1x Standard CX-GB100 20MP camera • 1x Hard case • 1x Triple cradle charger Authorized Reseller Certificate One (1) Year Warranty Virtual Training (As Requested) VI. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS Government Responsibilities Deliver and pick up fire apparatuses to/from the vendor. Upon award of this requirement, the Government will provide the Contractor with all access to all equipment and resources needed in the performance of this requirement. Inspection & Acceptance In addition to the inspection and acceptance terms articulated in the specific FAR clause 52.212-4. The Government reserves the right to perform such performance tests and evaluations as defined below to verify specified system performance. Such tests and evaluations, if performed, shall be conducted within the environment that the system is to be operated. The Contractor has the right to be present during the tests and evaluations, if performed, at the Contractor’s expense. Performance Tests: Operational Tests NIST may choose at its discretion to forgo this part of acceptance testing. A visual inspection of the equipment will be performed by the NIST POC to identify surface defects or any form of indication that any equipment was damaged during transport to NIST. The Government shall have sole discretion to require repair or replacement of damaged and/or nonconforming supplies at no cost to the Government. The Government at any time prior to acceptance shall reject the equipment due to defects and/or nonconformance. The vendor is responsible for latent defects discovered any time after final inspection. However, the extent of its liability shall be prorated over the useful life of the equipment. Ownership of the equipment shall be transferred to NIST upon acceptance by the Government. The Government will test, inspect, and accept or reject the equipment within 10 business days of receipt of the equipment unless otherwise indicated above. The Government reserves the right to conduct quality assurance testing to confirm that a given instrument(s) meets the manufacturer’s and/or the Government’s performance specifications. It is anticipated that the equipment will meet all manufacturer’s specifications and/or the Government’s performance specifications identified in the most recent operations and maintenance manual for each piece of equipment and/or in this document. Delivery Terms Delivery shall be F.O.B Destination and shall occur in accordance with the delivery due dates provided in the below deliverable table. FOB Destination means: The contractor shall pack and mark the shipment in conformance with carrier requirements, deliver the shipment in good order and condition to the point of delivery specified in the purchase order, be responsible for any loss of and/or damage to the goods occurring before receipt and acceptance of the shipment by the consignee at the delivery point specified in the purchase order; and pay all charges to the specified point of delivery. The contractor shall deliver all Line Items to: National Institute of Standards and Technology Gaithersburg, MD 20899 (Further POC and Delivery Details provided upon award) ***Due to ongoing limited site access of the NIST facilities, the Awardee SHALL confirm with the Designated Government Official and the Contracting Officer prior to ANY shipment to NIST*** VII. SCHEDULE OF DELIVERABLES Deliverable: One (1) Drone inclusive of the following specifications, to include additonal services: 1x Dual band airframe 1x Smart Controller 1x Battery charger 1x Propeller set CCW 1x Propeller set CW 5x Smart battery x SAMO payload - 640x512 radiometric + 64MP 1x Standard CX-GB100 20MP camera 1x Hard case 1x Triple cradle charger Authorized Reseller Certificate One (1) Year Warranty Virtual Training (As requested) Delivery- Within 30 business days of award Standards of Acceptance: The NIST POC or COR shall review all the above deliverables and respond with an acceptance or request for revision email to the Contractor Point of Contact (POC) within 3 days of receipt of deliverable. This section applies to deliverables which must be reviewed and approved for acceptance. Warranty: The contractor shall warrant the entire system for a period of a minimum of one year (1 year) after receipt of the equipment and shall be in accordance with terms in FAR 52.212-4. Warranty shall commence upon acceptance of the system by the Government. VIII. PAYMENT SCHEDULE The Contractor will be paid, in accordance with the payments clause in the contract and upon receipt of a proper invoice and acceptance of deliverables.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sasha Bradford
  - Email: sasha.bradford@nist.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1c876e901f064e358d8c294a70dc3109/view)