---
layout: default
title: 6505--ME/ New Pluvicto Theronastic Therapy Radiopharmaceuticals/STL(VA-26-00053903) 657-26-4-1642-0063
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c474db674e28437c8228ed49c78be96f
---

# 6505--ME/ New Pluvicto Theronastic Therapy Radiopharmaceuticals/STL(VA-26-00053903) 657-26-4-1642-0063

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 17:17:09.236-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0334
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 5 of 5 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 5 The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. This Sources Sought Notice is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered as an invitation for bid, request for quotation, request for proposal, or as an obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services. Your response to this Sources Sought Notice will be treated as information only. No entitlement to payment of direct or indirect costs or charges by the Government will arise because of contractor submission of responses to this announcement or the Government use of such information. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated, or received for this effort. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary or competition sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this Sources Sought Notice or to pay for the information submitted in response to this Sources Sought Notice. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) company name (b) address (c) point of contact (d) phone, fax, and email (e) Unique Entity ID (UEI) (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of small business, e.g., Services Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Veteran-owned small business, 8(a), HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business, Small disadvantaged business, or Small Business HUBZone business and (i) must provide a capability statement that addresses the organizations qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. The VA Heartland Network 15, Contracting Office located at 3450 South 4th Street Trafficway, Leavenworth, KS, 66048-5055 is seeking a potential qualified contractor to provide the radiopharmaceutical agent Pluvicto for the St. Louis VAMC. Please see the statement of work/performance work statement on following pages. NAICS Code: 325412 Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing Important information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Currently a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms is anticipated based on the Veterans Administration requirement with Public Law 109-461, Section 8127 Veterans Benefit Act. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 492110 (Couriers and Express Delivery Services). The small business size standard is 1500 employees. Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM located on the web at www.sam.gov). Additionally, all Service Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the Small Business Administration s Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) Registry located at Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov). All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail: to Michael.murphy7@va.gov. All information submissions should be received no later than 3PM CST on June 18, 2025. After review of the responses to this announcement, the Government intends to proceed with the acquisition and a subsequent solicitation will be published. STATEMENT OF WORK The VA St. Louis Health Care System has a need for a 1 year BPA contract for a proprietary radiopharmaceutical agent. Pluvicto: Lutetium LU 177 Vipivvotide Tetraxetan NDC Code: 69488-0010-61 PLUVICTO is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with prostate specific membrane antigen (PSMA) positive metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer, who have been treated with androgen receptor pathway inhibition & taxane based chemotherapy Pluvicto is a radioactive diagnostic therapy radiopharmaceutical agent indicated for treatment in patients that have been diagnosed with prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) positive lesions in men with prostate cancer with suspected metastasis who are candidates for initial definitive therapy or with suspected recurrence based on elevated serum prostate-specific antigen (PSA) level. Nuclear Medicine will administer these radio-isotope diagnostic imaging agents via IV in a metastable radioactive solution. Important information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to an acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Currently a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms is anticipated based on the Veterans Administration requirement with Public Law 109-461, Section 8127 Veterans Benefit Act. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open. Any response to this source selection from Interested parties must be received NLT 04/23/2026, 3:00 PM CST. Attention: Michael Murphy, Contracting Specialist. Email: Michael.murphy7@va.gov Please reference 36C255-26-Q-0334 PLUVICTO in the subject line. Please provide your Unique Entity ID so that your organization can be identified in SAM.GOV and VetBiz if organization is claiming SDVOSB preference. Only organizations with an active SAM.GOV account can be considered. Utilize this link to either start a new registration or to renew the organization s registration. https://sam.gov/content/home

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Murphy
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: michael.murphy7@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1963

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c474db674e28437c8228ed49c78be96f/view)