---
layout: default
title: SUPPORT, TURBINE COM-SPRTA126R0140
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 23065c64cfda4528a3444ab288db7a21
---

# SUPPORT, TURBINE COM-SPRTA126R0140

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 10:49:48.85-04
- Solicitation Number: FD2030-26-00244

## Summary

Synopsis PR: FD2030-26-00244 1. Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date: Issue: 20 March 2026 Closes: 4 April 2026 2. RFP: SPRTA1-26-R-0140 3. Service/Spare/Repair/OH: Spares 4. AMC: 1/C 5. Nomenclature/Noun: SUPPORT, TURBINE COM 6. NSN: 2840014466205NZ 7. PN: 4084713 8. History: Award date: 13 November 2024, Qty: 32 Each, Award SPE4A121G0001 / SPRTA125F0013, Source: RTX Corporation. 9. Description/Function: Length: 25.8180; Width: 25.8180; Height: 1.5130; Weight: 4.7800; Material: Nickel Alloy. Function: Provides support for 2nd Stage duct segments. 10. Total Line-Item Quantity: L/I 0001 - 413 Each 104 Min / 623 Max L/I 0002 - 2 Each L/I 0003 - 1 Each L/I 0004 - 1 LT L/I 0005 - 1 LT 11. Application (Engine or Aircraft): F-100 Engine 12. Destination: SW3211 13. Required Delivery: 413 Ea. / Month Beginning on or Before 30 July 2028 14. Qualification Requirements: Yes 15. Export Control Requirements: Yes 16. UID: If unit price exceeds $5,000, then UID requirements are applicable. 17. Qualified Sources: Numet Machining Techniques (Cage: 2T575) (LB), RTX Corporation (Cage: 52661) (LB), and Union Machine Co of Lynn (Cage: 51992) (SB), and Alpha Q. Inc. (Cage 61344) (SB). 18. Set-aside: This will be a SB Set-Aside 19. First Article: First Article Contractor Test Required for Approved Sources Other Than the OEM Pratt & Whitney 20. Mandatory Language: In accordance with FAR 5.207(c) (16) (i), all responsible sources may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. It is anticipated that this requirement is competitive. Non-approved sources wishing to submit a bid may do so; however, only qualified sources will be considered for award. Government First Articles may be required from newly approved sources. This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application. The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined. Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation, regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set aside, foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could, if otherwise eligible, participate as subcontractors). Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at Sam.Gov. Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(c) (1), Justification: supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302. This notice of intent is not a request for competition. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Note: While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation. Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at 385-591-1672. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Request for written quotation will be issued. Only written or faxed request received directly from the requestors are acceptable. The anticipated award date will be 60 days after the issuance of this notice. 21. Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to buyer James Headington, 385-591-1663, James.Headington.1@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Headington
  - Email: James.Headington.1@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/23065c64cfda4528a3444ab288db7a21/view)