---
layout: default
title: Well-Septic Repairs and installation at the Florida National Cemetery
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 37845aa2989b4c57a077479ee603936f
---

# Well-Septic Repairs and installation at the Florida National Cemetery

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 11:11:05.37-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C78626B0021

## Summary

Solicitation Number: 36C78626B0021 Project Description: Florida National Well-Septic Repairs and installation This is a Pre-solicitation Notice for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.The solicitation will be issued as an Invitation to Bid (IFB). The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), National Cemetery Administration (NCA) intends to issue solicitation, number 36C78626B0021 entitled, ‘Well-Septic Repairs and installation “ on or about April 20th 2025, unless additional notice is given, or this notice is modified or cancelled. THIS OPPORTUNITY SHALL BE FOR A 100% SET ASIDE FOR SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES (SDVOSB) ONLY. In accordance with Public Law 109-461, the Veterans Benefits, Healthcare and Information Technology Act of 2006, Pursuant to 38 USC 8127(d), competition is restricted to SDVOSB construction firms. In order to be considered for contract award, the lowest responsive and responsible firm meeting the solicitation requirement shall be verified as an SDVOSB firm in Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) website by the date and time specified for receipt of bids. No other sources will be considered. All interested firms submitting a bid must also be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov) database at time of bid submission. In accordance with VAAR 819.7003(b), at the time of submission of bids, and prior to award of any contract, the Bidder must represent to the Contracting Officer that it is: SDVOSB eligible under VAAR Subpart 819.70; Small business concern under the NAICS code assigned to this acquisition; and SDVOSB listed as verified in Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) website. To be eligible for award, the SDVOSB must be considered small under the relevant NAICS code and must be registered and verified in the following websites: those desiring to receive an award from this solicitation must be registered in Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) database. Companies must have the Certified Veteran Enterprise (CVE) seal on their registration to be considered for an award. The Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) database will be checked both upon receipt of an offer and prior to award; firms must also be currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at SAM.gov and have completed online Representations and Certifications prior to contract award. Offers received from firms that are not Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and who are not registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database will not be considered. (See VAAR Clause 852.219-10 VA Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside.) In accordance with VAAR 819.7003(b), at the time of submission of bids, and prior to award of any contracts, the bidder must represent to the Contracting Officer that it is (1) SDVOSB eligible under VAAR Subpart 819.70; (2) Small business concern under the NAICS code assigned to this acquisition; and (3) SDVOSB listed as verified in VIP database at: https://www.vip.vetbiz.va.gov. A non-verified vendor that submits a bid or proposal will be rejected as non-responsive. If you are not registered with System for Award Management (SAM) you may register online at SAM.gov. SAM.gov is the Official U.S. Government system that consolidated the capabilities of CCR/FedReg, ORCA, and EPLS. Beta.sam.gov is used as a means to provide basic business information, socioeconomic status, capabilities and financial information to the Government. This requirement will apply to all solicitations and awards, regardless of the media use. The Department of Veterans Affairs, National Cemetery Administration requirement is for a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract for a Contractor to provide all Management and Supervision, Labor, Materials, Parts, and Equipment, etc., necessary to Repair and install New well at the Florida National Cemetery, the work. This includes, but is not limited to, perfect alignment of headstones, immaculate turf and landscape conditions, clean and well-maintained hardscape features, and an overall presentation that reflects honor and reverence for veterans and their families. The Government anticipates the award of one (1), firm fixed price (FFP) contract, with an anticipated contract Period of Performance of two hundred and ten (210) calendar days after issuance of the Government’s Notice to Proceed (NTP). The Product Service Code (PSC) for this procurement is Y1PZ – " Construction of Other Non-Building Facilities The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is code 237110 (Water and Sewer Line and Related Structures Construction). The Business Size Standard for this procurement is $45.0 million dollars. Per FAR 36.204, the magnitude of construction for this project is between $250,000 and $500,000. Interested bidders will be required to furnish a Bid Bond; and the awarded Contractor will be required to provide Performance and Payment Bonds. NO FAX/ FACSIMILE SUBMITTED BIDS WILL BE ACCEPTED. All Bids shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the solicitation. SITE VISIT: Refer to solicitation FAR clause 52.236-37 – Site Visit for detailed pertaining to the Pre-bid Site visit, all interested bidders are strongly encouraged to visit the site prior to submitting a bid response. The full Solicitation, Specifications and Drawings will be posted on Contract Opportunities unless additional notice is given, or this notice is modified or cancelled at the Contracting Opportunity website (https://sam.gov/content/opportunities). The acquisition type for this solicitation will be an Invitation for Bid (IFB). The IFB will utilize the Electronic Bid Delivery/Opening process. There will be no bids mailed, email, USP, FedEx, or otherwise stated, with the exception all prospective bids MUST BE SUBMITTED electronically via email to the attention of the respective Contracting Officer at his respective Government's email address stated herein. Interested Bidders Must Register on the Website before Submission/Bid Due Date. Interested Bidders are responsible for monitoring and downloading any Amendments from the Contracting Opportunity website (https://sam.gov/content/opportunities) which may be issued to this solicitation. Notice to Potential Offerors: As noted, this procurement is 100% Set-Aside for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns. Only Small Business firms are eligible to submit an offer or receive a contract award for this solicitation. To be eligible for award, the firm must be considered a SDVOSB under the relevant NAICS code and must be registered and verified at the website http://www.veterans.certify.sba.gov. The SBA website database will be checked upon receipt of an offer and prior to award; the firm must also be currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.SAM.gov and have completed online Representations and Certifications prior to contract award. At the time of submission of bids, and prior to award of any contracts, the offeror must represent to the Contracting Officer that it is a SDVOSB concern under the NAICS code assigned to this acquisition. In order to receive e-mail notification of amendments, interested bidders must register at www.SAM.gov. Amendments to this solicitation will not be mailed but will be posted at the Contracting Opportunity website (https://sam.gov/content/opportunities). Interested bidders are responsible for obtaining solicitation from the Contracting Opportunity website (https://sam.gov/content/opportunities) and acknowledging any and all Amendment(s) issued for the solicitation. No other information regarding Statement of Work, Scope, Dates, etc. will be available until issuance of the Solicitation. As authorized by FAR

5.102 Availability of solicitations, solicitation dissemination is limited to electronic medium, and the NCA will provide no hard copies. The solicitation, consisting of various bid documents, specifications, forms, and drawings will only be available for download at no charge at the Contracting Opportunity website (https://sam.gov/content/opportunities). Further details of all dates and events will be available in the solicitation. No other site shall be used to obtain these documents. A Bidder's List WILL NOT be prepared nor distributed by the Contracting Officer, as it is the Bidder's responsibility to register on the Contracting Opportunity website (https://sam.gov/content/opportunities). Bidders are advised that they are responsible for obtaining. ALL bid documents and acknowledging any amendments and should re-visit the Contracting Opportunity website (https://sam.gov/content/opportunities) website periodically to check for any modifications to this notice, updates, or amendments without further notice from the NCA. QUESTIONS: Any interested bidder desiring an explanation or interpretation of the solicitation specifications must request it in writing. NOTE: All questions, requests for clarification and/or information regarding the solicitation must be submitted in writing and must reference the Project Number, the Solicitation, and the Description of the Project in the Header or Opening Statement (email is acceptable) to the Contracting Officer: Clarelle Sylvain (clarelle.sylvain@va.gov). CONTRACTING CONTACT PERSON: Clarelle Sylvain Contracting Officer U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration Contracting Services eMail: Clarelle.sylvain@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Clarelle Sylvain
  - Email: Clarelle.sylvain@va.gov
  - Phone: 352-467-9329
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Anthony Williams
  - Email: Anthony.williams22@va.gov
  - Phone: 225-220-8894

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/37845aa2989b4c57a077479ee603936f/view)