---
layout: default
title: ISBEE Solicitation: Firm Fixed-Price, brand name only, commercial item purchase to provide IT Equipment for the Great Plains Area OIT, Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center, and the Fort Thompson Health Center.
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 095765866c2b4f5ca97116746e9bcd4e
---

# ISBEE Solicitation: Firm Fixed-Price, brand name only, commercial item purchase to provide IT Equipment for the Great Plains Area OIT, Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center, and the Fort Thompson Health Center.

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 15:30:10.439-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70626R00011

## Summary

A. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice, FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items (Title VIII of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994) (Public Law 103-355). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. B. The Great Plains Area Indian Health Service (IHS) intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price, brand name only, commercial item purchase to provide IT Equipment in response to Request for Proposal (RFP) 75H70626R00011. C. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01, 03/13/2026. D. This RFQ is issued as "100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise (ISBEE)". The associated NAICS code is 334118 (Computer Terminal and Other Computer Peripheral Equipment Manufacturing), and the small business standard is 1,000 employees. E. The quoted unit pricing must be all-inclusive (including, but not limited to, travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state, and local taxes), plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable rates. F. Complete the Specification Lists: (Brand Name Only): 1. GPA OIT Total $: _________________________ 2. WWKMHCC Total $: _________________________ 3. FTHC Total $: _________________________ Grand Total (All Locations Combined): $:_________________________ G. The purpose of this requirement is to provide IT equipment for the Great Plains Area (GPA) Office of Information Technology (OIT), the Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center (WWKMHCC), and the Fort Thompson Health Center (FTHC). H. To be provided for the Delivery Locations: Great Plains Area Office, Office of Information Technology, 115 4th Avenue SE, Aberdeen, South Dakota 57401. Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Healthcare Center, 100 Lake Traverse Drive, Sisseton, South Dakota 57262. Fort Thompson Service Unit, Fort Thompson Health Center, 1323 BIA Route 4, Fort Thompson, South Dakota 57339. Period of Performance: 90 days from the date of award. I. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023). Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed and dated, and they shall include the following: 1. Solicitation number 75H70626R00011. 2. Closing Date: May 8, 2026, at 12:00 pm CDT. 3. Name, address, and telephone number of company and email address of contact person. 4. Provide a technical description of the item/service in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the solicitation requirements. This may include product literature or other relevant documents, as needed. 5. Terms of any express warranty. 6. Price and any discount terms. 7. "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address. 8. A completed copy of the representations and certifications from SAM.gov. 9. Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued) 10. Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, includes recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers, and other relevant information). 11. A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions of the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2025) (DEVIATION) BASIS FOR AWARD: This award selection will be conducted using Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) procedures. To be eligible for an award, a proposal must meet all technical requirements, comply with all required terms and conditions, and include all required information. All non-price evaluation factors must be rated as "ACCEPTABLE" in order to be eligible for award. An "UNACCEPTABLE" rating in any factor will result in the proposal being rated "UNACCEPTABLE" unless corrected through discussions. A proposal rating of "UNACCEPTABLE" makes a proposal ineligible for award. Since the LPTA methodology prohibits trade-offs, all evaluation factors and sub-factors are equally important. Proposals are evaluated for acceptability but not ranked based on non-price factors. A price evaluation will be performed for all offerors, and proposals will be ranked from lowest to highest price based on the Total Proposed Price (TPP) provided by the offeror on the price schedule sheet. Next, each factor will be evaluated and, subsequently, the overall proposal will be prepared, beginning with the lowest-priced proposal. The award will be made to the lowest-priced proposal that meets the acceptability standards for the non-price factors. The Government intends to award a contract without discussion; therefore, the initial proposal shall conform to the solicitation requirements and shall present the best offer from a technical and price perspective. Technical Factor 1 – Past Performance (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Offerors do not need to provide any information under this factor as the US Government will base the evaluation on all INTERIM and FINAL Contractor Performance Assessment Reports (CPARs) that are recent and relevant. The CPARs will be retrieved from official US Government sources, including, but not limited to, the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System and the Past Performance Information Retrieval System. (b) Basis of Evaluation: Recency: For the purposes of this solicitation, a past performance record is recent if the CPAR final date of assessment listed in the “Period of Performance Being Assessed” block is within the 24-month period preceding the proposal due date. Relevancy: For the purposes of this solicitation, a past performance record is relevant if the CPAR business sector is listed as “Services”. In order to receive an "acceptable" rating for this factor, an Offer's recent and relevant CPARs must NOT include one or more INTERIM and/or FINAL CPARs with a rating of "UNSATISFACTORY" in one or more categories OR one or more INTERIM and/or FINAL CPARs with a rating of "MARGINAL" in two or more categories. If an Offeror has one or more CPARs with a rating of "UNSATISFACTORY" in one or more categories OR one or more CPARs with a rating of "MARGINAL" in two or more categories, the Offeror's past performance will be evaluated as "UNACCEPTABLE". In the case of an Offeror without a record of recent and relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available or so sparse that no meaningful past performance rating can be reasonably assigned, the Offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. Therefore, the Offeror shall be determined to have unknown past performance. In the context of acceptability/unacceptability, “unknown” shall be considered “acceptable.” An “UNACCEPTABLE” rating for a single factor will result in the Offeror’s entire proposal being rated “UNACCEPTABLE”. Technical Factor 2 – Problem and Approach (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Proposals, which merely offer a statement to conduct/provide services in accordance with the requirements in the Governments SOW, will not be eligible for award. The offeror must submit an explanation that meets the requirements identified under Performance-Based Service Delivery Summary, Completion of patient record, Prompt and continuous coverage and Credentialing. (b) Basis of Evaluation: This factor will be evaluated as “ACCEPTABLE” if the explanation meets the requirements identified under Performance-Based Service Delivery Summary; Completion of documentation of patient record, Prompt and continuous coverage and Credentialing, which comply with the requirements outlined above, are submitted. If an explanation of one or more Performance Task/Requirement is not provided, and/or does not comply with the requirements, this factor will receive an “UNACCEPTABLE” rating. Technical Factor 3 – Management (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Proposals, which merely offer a statement to conduct/provide services in accordance with the requirements in the Governments SOW, will not be eligible for award. The offeror must submit an explanation that identifies the offeror’s management capabilities and responsibilities to meet the following: Tour of Duty/Schedule, Description of Services, Contractor Responsibility and Personnel Requirements. (b) Basis of Evaluation: This factor will be evaluated as “ACCEPTABLE” if the explanation meets the requirement for management capabilities and responsibilities to meet the following: Tour of Duty/Schedule, Description of Services, Contractor Responsibility and Personnel Requirements, which comply with the requirements outlined above, are submitted. If an explanation of one or more of the following: Tour of Duty/Schedule, Description of Services, Contractor Responsibility and Personnel Requirements and/or does not comply with the requirements, this factor will receive an “UNACCEPTABLE” rating. IHS reserves the right to make multiple awards, which is most advantages to the Government. This is a competitive solicitation and the offer your firm submits will be used by IHS to determine, which of the quantities listed within are, “estimate only” and it is not the intent of IHS to be obligated to order the “quantities.” Factor 4 – Price (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Completed Price Schedule Sheet (b) Basis of Evaluation: The Government will evaluate price based on the proposed total price calculated as the sum of bid item 0001 Base Year, item 0002 Option Year 1, item 0003 Option Year 2, item 0004 Option Year 3 and item 0005 Option Year 3 that includes Contract cost, Subcontractor cost, Overhead and Profit. Analysis will be performed by one or more of the following techniques to ensure a fair and reasonable price: (i) Comparison of proposed prices received in response to the RFP. (ii) Comparison of proposed prices with the IGE. (iii) Comparison of proposed prices with available historical information. Note: A price that is found to be either unreasonably high or unrealistically low in relation to the proposed work may be indicative of an inherent lack of understanding of the solicitation requirements and may result in the overall proposal being considered unacceptable. INTENT TO AWARD WITHOUT DISCUSSIONS The Government intends to evaluate proposals and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror's initial proposal should contain the Offeror's best terms from a price and technical standpoint. The Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer later determines them to be necessary. In the event discussions are held, a competitive range determination will be made. If the Contracting Officer determines that the number of proposals that would otherwise be in the competitive range exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the Contracting Officer may limit the number of proposals in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit efficient competition among the most highly rated proposals. However, The Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer later determines them to be necessary. J. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) - See attachment; Clauses Incorporated by Reference. K. The Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) and Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) applicable clauses, including those below, are attached. L. Offers will be accepted electronically; submit via email to the following: Great Plains Area Indian Health Service Attn: David Jones, Contract Specialist 115 4th Ave. SE, Aberdeen, SD 57401 Email: david.jones@ihs.gov Questions regarding this solicitation must be submitted in writing by email no later than April 27, 2026, 12:00 p.m. CDT. Contractors will need a UEI number & TIN and must register with the System for Award Management at www.sam.gov. Acceptance Period: Your proposal must be predicated upon all the terms and conditions of this RFQ and be firm until September 30, 2026. The quotation must set forth full, accurate, and complete information as required by the Request for Quotation (RFQ) and be returned by the date referenced. All the necessary information must be submitted to be considered responsive and eligible for award. No contract award shall be made to any vendor listed on the OIG Exclusions List at http://exclusions.org.hhs.gov throughout the contract. Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Service (IHS) has implemented an electronic invoicing system. In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum "Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing," directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payments to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests." IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register. However, we encourage you to ensure that your organization’s designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov. If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please get in touch with the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8 AM to 6 PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov. "Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer". The Contractor must provide only new equipment and new parts for the required products described herein; no used, refurbished, or remanufactured equipment or parts shall be provided under any circumstances. No Gray Market Goods or Counterfeit Electronic Parts shall be provided. Gray Market Goods are defined as genuine branded goods intentionally or unintentionally sold outside of an authorized sales territory or by non-authorized dealers in an authorized territory. All equipment shall be accompanied by the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) warranty. Counterfeit Electronic Parts are defined as unlawful or unauthorized reproduction, substitution, or alteration that has been knowingly mismarked, misidentified, or otherwise misrepresented to be an authentic, unmodified electronic part from the original manufacturer or a source with the express written authority of the original manufacturer or current design activity, including an authorized aftermarket manufacturer. Unlawful or unauthorized substitution includes used electronic parts represented as new or the false identification of grade, serial number, lot number, date code, or performance characteristics. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) mandates that U.S. federal agencies use the Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6). In November 2020, OMB issued memorandum M-21-07, "Completing the Transition to IPv6", which outlines the Federal government's strategic intent "to deliver its information services, operate its networks, and access the services of others using only IPv6". The IHS requires all new IT systems (hardware and software) to operate in a pure IPv6 network environment. This includes on-premises or third-party hosted services requiring network integration into the IHS network. The Offeror's solution shall comply with the IPv6 standards profile defined by the NIST USGv6 Program: https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/usgv6-program.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Jones
  - Email: david.jones@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6052267328

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/095765866c2b4f5ca97116746e9bcd4e/view)