---
layout: default
title: Two-Day Virtual Industry Event: Navigating Department of State Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations Construction Projects
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 017c02156aa74b80896ba0513faf0d37
---

# Two-Day Virtual Industry Event: Navigating Department of State Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations Construction Projects

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-06 15:36:09.966-04

## Summary

Two-Day Virtual Industry Event: Navigating Department of State Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations Construction Projects When: Monday, April 13, 2026, 2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. EST (Webinar) Tuesday, April 14, 2026, 3:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. EST (Virtual Capabilities Conversations) Where: Zoom Webinar The General Services Administration (GSA), in partnership with the Department of State Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations (OBO), is hosting a two-day Virtual Industry Event to expand and strengthen competition while growing OBO’s U.S. contractor base for major overseas construction projects. The event will open with remarks from the Under Secretary for Management (M) on the Department’s partnership with industry and how these collaborations help the Department achieve its mission. During the event, OBO will outline its program needs and provide a briefing on its projects—including where they take place, the types of contractors it works with, and how contracts are maintained in the field. The Bureau of Global Acquisitions (GA) will share insights into OBO’s acquisition strategy and procurement expectations, while the Bureau of Diplomatic Security (DS) will offer guidance on security clearances and the steps firms must take to obtain them. This public event is a valuable opportunity for contractors interested in partnering with OBO. This Virtual Industry Event will include the following: Day One Briefing on OBO’s program and upcoming projects. Detailed look at OBO projects, including: Project locations Types of contractors OBO partners with Insights into what it is like to work with OBO How contracts are managed and maintained in the field Introduction to the GA and its role in OBO’s procurement process, including: Key aspects of the bidding process Contractor qualification requirements Overview of DS’s clearance process for firms, including: Domestic and overseas worker clearances Timelines and potential challenges Guidance on how firms can prepare Q&A session Day Two: Due to high demand, all time slots are booked. Registration is now closed. Still, OBO hosts monthly Capabilities Conversations that give potential partners a chance to present their capabilities directly to subject-matter experts during 20-minute virtual sessions. To request a meeting, complete the Capabilities Conversation Request Form at https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/FWNJHKL, and a member of the External Affairs team will contact you at the beginning of the following month to coordinate scheduling. For information on the Department of State’s security clearance process, or to inquire into the status of your security clearance application, email DSISINDqueries@state.gov. Please see the following agenda for times and additional details: Agenda - Day One - April 13, 2026: Webinar 2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. EST Welcome, Introductions, & Goals: 2:30 p.m. – 2:35 p.m. EST Under Secretary for Management’s Remarks: 2:35 p.m. -2:40 p.m. EST OBO Director’s Remarks: 2:40 p.m. – 2:45 p.m. EST OBO Program Overview & Forecast: 2:45 p.m. – 2:55 p.m. EST OBO Program Needs & Project Briefings: 2:55 p.m. – 3:15 p.m. EST GA Remarks and Introduction: 3:15 p.m. – 3:20 p.m. EST GA Bidding Process: 3:20 p.m. – 3:30 p.m. EST DS Remarks and Overview: 3:30 p.m. – 3:35 p.m. EST DS Security Clearance Overview: 3:35 p.m. – 3:45 p.m. EST Q&A: 3:45 p.m. – 4:25 p.m. EST Closing Remarks: 4:25 p.m. – 4:30 p.m. EST Agenda - Day Two - April 14, 2026: 20-minute Capabilities Conversations 3:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. EST Round 1: 3:00 p.m. – 3:20 p.m. EST (20 mins) 5 Meetings with OBO/GA and 2 Meetings with DS Round 2: 3:20 p.m. – 3:40 p.m. EST (20 mins) 5 Meetings with OBO/GA and 2 Meetings with DS Round 3: 3:40 p.m. – 4:00 p.m. EST (20 mins) 5 Meetings with OBO/GA and 2 Meetings with DS Round 4: 4:00 p.m. – 4:20 p.m. EST (20 mins) 5 Meetings with OBO/GA and 2 Meetings with DS Round 5: 4:20 p.m. – 4:40 p.m. EST (20 mins) 5 Meetings with OBO/GA and 2 Meetings with DS Round 6: 4:40 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. EST (20 mins) 5 Meetings with OBO/GA and 2 Meetings with DS All interested participants must register using the Registration Links below (Shortly after registration is complete, you will receive an email with a link to log in to the event; please save it to your calendar): Day One: Industry Event Webinar Registration Link: https://gsa.zoomgov.com/webinar/register/WN_-lKsakoWRfuwF1Sxe5RwOg Day Two: Capabilities Conversations Registration is Closed; All Time Slots Booked. Link: https://gsa.zoomgov.com/meeting/register/xJmVkSfHQomLhONA0CVSMw Hyperlinks to the event are also listed below in the Attachment/Link section. The registration form allows you to ask any questions you may have, so please include them and your feedback. Note: Only questions submitted during registration will be addressed in the Q&A session; live Q&A will not be available. Due to limited capacity, firms may register for only one Capabilities Conversation. Duplicate firm registrations will be canceled. One week before the event, registered participants will receive an email address to submit their firm's capabilities statements. Please visit OBO’s "Build with Us” page at https://www.state.gov/build-with-us for information on OBO's industry resources. Points of Contact: Khadijah Robinson, khadijah.robinson@gsa.gov, and Lena Plummer-Milindez, lena.plummer-milindez@gsa.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lena Plummer-Milindez
  - Email: lena.plummer-milindez@gsa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Khadijah Robinson
  - Email: khadijah.robinson@gsa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/017c02156aa74b80896ba0513faf0d37/view)