---
layout: default
title: 6515--Medical Airway Visualization System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 65b2f089a89144ff8d90785e27140769
---

# 6515--Medical Airway Visualization System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 14:35:08.37-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0559
- Awardee: null

## Summary

(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 -- Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number 36C26226Q0559 is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) in conjunction with FAR -- Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supplemented with additional information included in this notice. The Government intends to award a single, Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) award contract. (iii) The provisions and clauses in this document are in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-03, January 1, 2025. (iv) This solicitation will be a Total Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Set-Aside, to a business associated with The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code, 339112, and the Small Business Administration s (SBA) size standard of 1,000 employees. (v) The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) seeks to make a procurement for a medical airway visualization system for the VA San Diego Healthcare System. This solicitation is being procured as a brand name or equal IAW 52.211-6 -- Brand Name or Equal. The submissions must meet the following salient characteristics: Must have real-time imaging with the capability to view the airway via a video laryngoscope and a single-use flexible bronchoscope simultaneously Must have a minimum of a 10 LCD high-definition touchscreen monitor that is compatible with latex glove-use Must be able to enlarge the standard bronchoscopy view through capabilities such as but not limited to: artificial monitor magnification, providing a wider field of view Must have still image and video capture via touchscreen Must have Video playback and image gallery with capability to view full screen Must have 180-degree image rotation for face-to-face intubations and training Must have single-use video laryngoscopes and flexible bronchoscopes that can be swapped out while machine is in use Must have Optional auto recording The information identified above is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive and to indicate the quality and services that will be satisfactory. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the services that fulfill the required specifications. If a solicitation is published, a site walk thru may be available in order to address key details. See attached SF 1449 Solicitation for Statement of work (SOW), applicable clauses / provisions, and other pertinent information relative to this solicitation. Place of Performance: VA San Diego Healthcare System Supply Warehouse, 3350 La Jolla Village Drive, San Diego, CA 92161. Period of Performance: Within 90 days of placing order. Provisions 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial and 52.212-2, Evaluation Commercial Items are applicable to this acquisition. Furthermore, Provision 52.212-2 is utilizing the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) on an Acceptable/Unacceptable evaluation process. Submitting Quote: Offeror(s) shall submit their quote on company letterhead and shall include the completed pricing forms, along with name, address, telephone number of the offeror, firm s DUNS#, total price and a completed copy of FAR Clause 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items or a copy of offeror s annual offeror representations and certifications (ORCA) document from www.sam.gov as required by FAR Clause 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items. As an alternative, Offeror(s) may use the Price/Cost Schedule of the attached SF 1449 for quote submission. Submit all question(s) to Nate Munson at Nathan.Munson@va.gov no later than April 3, 2026, 4:00 PM Pacific Standard Time (PST). Ensure to reference solicitation # 36C26226Q0559 within subject line of the email. Quotes must be received by April 7, 2026 by 4:00 PM PST. Email your quote to Nate Munson at Nathan.Munson@va.gov. Ensure to reference solicitation # 36C26226Q0559 within subject line of the email. Quote(s)/offer(s) received after the prescribed deadline, shall be considered non-responsive and will not be considered for award. CLAUSES FAR Number Title Date 52.209-6 PROTECTING THE GOVERNMENT S INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, OR PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT AUG 2013 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS-- COMMERCIAL ITEMS FEB 2012 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS ALTERNATE II (JUL 2012) AUG 2012 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT JUL 2013 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FEB 1998 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS DEC 2013 52.233-1 DISPUTES MAY 2014 52.233-3 PROTEST AFTER AWARD AUG 1996 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING JAN 2008 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS NOV 2012 852.237-70 CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES APR 1984 852.215-70 SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED AND VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS EVALUATION FACTORS JUL 2016 PROVISIONS 52.211-6 52.212-1 BRANDNAME OR EQUAL INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS-COMMERCIAL ITEMS AUG 1999 APR 2014 52.212-2 EVALUATION--COMMERCIAL ITEMS OCT 2014 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS NOV 2014

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nate Munson
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Nathan.Munson@va.gov
  - Phone: 562-681-2951

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/65b2f089a89144ff8d90785e27140769/view)