---
layout: default
title: Rosebud Lift Station Construction
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 668235608f9046a3a5e2d192fe514458
---

# Rosebud Lift Station Construction

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 16:10:46.301-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70126R00018

## Summary

Amendment 6: 1. The purpose of this solicitation amendment A06 is to: a. Extend the offers due date. b. Update specifications. 2. The offers due date is extended to 03/23/2026. 3. The following questions and answers affect the specifications: a. I was looking to bid this job and just had a question on sheet 10 it says to bring a conduit to the onsite generator. Is this pipe just stubbed out as a spare or is there a generator onsite? - Answer : The documents indicate a conduit connection to a generator; however, the existing power configuration for the lift station is not currently confirmed. At the start of construction, the contractor shall verify the existing power source serving the lift station and provide the necessary means and methods to establish electrical service to the new lift station. b. D.5 - Calls out an alternating relay J.9. Called out alternation on SCADA system - do they want a physical alternator or a PLC alternator - can't have both. - Answer : PLC Alternator c. K. Level Transmitter - calls out a level transmitter to the PLC, but I. says level control based on floats. Do they want level control based on floats or a transducer? Usually, we do a level transducer as the main control with floats as backup. They would be wired to the same PLC - Answer : Transducer Main and Float back-up. d. J. - SCADA System. The SCADA system called out is a Sensaphone SCADA 3000. I would change this to an Allen Bradley CompactLogix 5069 series PLC. More systems use this platform and brand of PLC. This will give them more options for support. Also would use Cloud 9 SCADA as the application for the SCADA system. This will allow Dakota Pump remote access for help troubleshooting the system remotely as well as give the operators access and alarm call-outs. This cloud 9 system would be supplied with a Cellular modem, which would include SCADA access, alarm call-outs and cellular data for the system. If we go this route, we could get rid of section L. Telephone communication. - Answer : The Allen?Bradley CompactLogix 5069 Series PLC would be a suitable modification for this application, offering a more widely supported control platform that improves long-term serviceability, integration capability, and technical support options for the Service Unit. e. K. Would like to use a Dwyer 4-20 PBLT2 transducer. 0-15 PSI with 60' of cable. - Answer : This is fine. f. D. & F. - Pilot devices. Would use Siemens 22MM devices. Oil-tight NEMA 4 rated on the inside of the panel on the dead front door. All pilot devices and lights would be 22MM and Siemens brand. - Answer : This is fine. g. My controls and Scada team is going through the specifications and they are not finding page 13 in the plans that is referenced in the picture attached. Was this page not published? It appears there are only 12 pages of plans. - Answer : Actually should refer to sheet 10. 4. Remember to acknowledge all amendments. Block 11 of the SF-30 provides instructions for acknowledging amendments; it is acceptable to acknowledge on block 19 of the SF-1442. 5. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Amendment 5: 1. The purpose of this solicitation amendment A05 is to: - Extend the offers due date. - Change the pump description. 2. The offers due date is extended by one week to 03/16/2026. 3. The solicitation identified the Vaughan V3V pump as a submersible pump. A bidder notified the Government that this designation is incorrect. The Vaughan V3V is a vertical pump, not a submersible model. The solicitation is hereby amended as follows: - DELETE: Reference to the “Vaughan V3V” pump as a submersible pump. - REPLACE WITH: “Vaughan S3P” as the brand name or equal submersible pump model for this requirement. This correction aligns the specification with the Government’s intended pump type for the project. Offerors shall base their proposals on the corrected pump specification provided in this amendment. 4. Remember to acknowledge all amendments. Block 11 of the SF-30 provides instructions for acknowledging amendments; it is acceptable to acknowledge on block 19 of the SF-1442. 5. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Amendment 4: 1. The purpose of this solicitation amendment A04 is to: a. Extend the offers due date. b. Update attachment “J02b Consolidated QA RLSC” with the answers to questions received after Amendment 3 up to the deadline of 02/23/2026. c. Add the SF-30 for Amendment 1 which was not included at that time. d. Remove the licensing requirement from Volume 1 -Technical Proposal, Factor 1 - Technical. 2. The offers due date is extended by one week to 03/09/2026. 3. Attachment “J02b Consolidated QA RLSC” is updated with the answers to questions received after Amendment 3 up to the deadline of 02/23/2026. Added Q&A 16 to 24. 4. Added the SF-30 for Amendment 1 which was not included at that time. Added “MB01-A01 Replace Attachment”. 5. The licensing requirement is removed from Volume 1 -Technical Proposal Factor 1. The following text is removed "License. Demonstrate that is licensed by providing a copy of the Sewer and Water Contractor/Installer license." 6. Remember to acknowledge all amendments. Block 11 of the SF-30 provides instructions for acknowledging amendments; it is acceptable to acknowledge on block 19 of the SF-1442. 7. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Amendment 3: 1. The purpose of this solicitation amendment A03 is to: a. Post the conformed version of the RFP changing the following: - Replace the original “B01 RFP RLSC 75H70126R00018” with “B01-A03 Conformed RFP RLSC 75H70126R00018”. Changes are highlighted. - Amend block 11 of the SF-1442 changing the POP to 240 days. - Amend Section C, paragraph C to read 240 days. - Amend Section C to add paragraph I Notes on the Vaughan Model V3V/V3VR brand name or equal requirement. - Amend paragraph F.2(a) to read 240 calendar days. b. Add attachment J02a RB Geotech Report from 300 feet away. c. Replace attachment “J01 Plans RLSC 30Jan2026” with “J01 Plans RLSC 13Feb2026” fixing the coversheet. d. Add attachment “J02b Consolidated Q&A RLSC” posting the questions and answers (Q&As) received as of this date. - Refer to question # 13 for an update on the Base Course Thickness: 12-inches of base course underneath the concrete pad is sufficient. 2. Remember to acknowledge all amendments with your offer. 3. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Amendment 2: Adds the provision 52.228-1 in full text. Added MB01-A02 Bid Bond RLSC 75H70126R00018 to the attachments. Remember to acknowledge this and all future amendments with your proposal. Amendment 1: Replace an attachment. Attachment J01 Plans RLSC was corrupted and is replaced by attachment J01 Plans RLSC 30Jan2026. All questions or concerns shall be routed through daniel.cotto@ihs.gov; do not attempt to contact people mentioned in the attachment. Remember to acknowledge this and all future amendments with your proposal. Solicitation: Rosebud LiftStation Construction Location: 1319 Soldier Creek Road,Rosebud, SD 57570 County: Todd POP: 120 calendar days Construction Magnitude: Between$500,000 and $1,000,000 Contract Type: firm-fixed-priced TERO: TERO is applicable. See SectionH.50. Goal: The existing lift station has been inplace since the early 1990s. Since its cre-ation the hospital anticipates increased ex-pansion in the emergency department,added on Tribal programs (dialysis, detox,Tribal Health Administration Building),added on 19 more quarters units, and is an-ticipating adding an additional 23 quartersunits. The existing pumps are facing re-placement every 1-2 years due to the unan-ticipated growth, but due to the growth weneed to consider increasing the capacity ofthe wet well. In addition to switching fromstandard submersible pumps to chopperpumps to accommodate the random ob-jects that get flushed into the system. InJuly both pumps ended up failing and theyhad to not only replace the pumps but payfor sewage disposal to circumvent overflow. A separate project is in the works to beginremediating/replacing damaged sewermains due to inflow and infiltration. This construction solicitation will requirethe full removal and replacement of the liftstation for the Rosebud complex. The exist-ing lift station provides wastewater serviceto the hospital quarters units, and severaltribal program buildings. Once installationis complete the new lift station will take thefull sanitary load for the area currently be-ing serviced by the existing lift station andbe sized to handle expansion in the future.Then the existing lift station consisting of the wet well, dry well, pumps and pipingwill be demolished. The new lift station willconsist of a wet well, a dry well, installationof chopper pumps, and force main connec-tion. This project will also include a newcontrol system to allow the facility to moni-tor flow into the lift station and the status ofthe equipment.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Daniel Cotto
  - Email: daniel.cotto@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 2404617841
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Andrew E. Hart
  - Email: andrew.hart@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 206-375-4443

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: RB Geotech Report from 300 feet away. c. Replace attachment “J01 Plans RLSC 30Jan2026” with “J01 Plans RLSC 13Feb2026” fixing the coversheet. d. Add attachment “J02b Consolidated Q&A RLSC” posting the questions and answers (Q&As) received as of this date. - Refer to question # 13 for an update on the Base Course Thickness: 12-inches of base course underneath the concrete pad is sufficient. 2. Remember to acknowledge all amendments with your offer. 3. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Amendment 2: Adds the provision 52.228-1 in full text. Added MB01-A02 Bid Bond RLSC 75H70126R00018 to the attachments. Remember to acknowledge this and all future amendments with your proposal. Amendment 1: Replace an attachment. Attachment J01 Plans RLSC was corrupted and is replaced by attachment J01 Plans RLSC 30Jan2026. All questions or concerns shall be routed through daniel.cotto@ihs.gov; do not attempt to contact people mentioned in the attachment. Remember to acknowledge this and all future amendments with your proposal. Solicitation: Rosebud LiftStation Construction Location: 1319 Soldier Creek Road,Rosebud, SD 57570 County: Todd POP: 120 calendar days Construction Magnitude: Between$500,000 and $1,000,000 Contract Type: firm-fixed-priced TERO: TERO is applicable. See SectionH.50. Goal: The existing lift station has been inplace since the early 1990s. Since its cre-ation the hospital anticipates increased ex-pansion in the emergency department,added on Tribal programs (dialysis, detox,Tribal Health Administration Building),added on 19 more quarters units, and is an-ticipating adding an additional 23 quartersunits. The existing pumps are facing re-placement every 1-2 years due to the unan-ticipated growth, but due to the growth weneed to consider increasing the capacity ofthe wet well. In addition to switching fromstandard submersible pumps to chopperpumps to accommodate the random ob-jects that get flushed into the system. InJuly both pumps ended up failing and theyhad to not only replace the pumps but payfor sewage disposal to circumvent overflow. A separate project is in the works to beginremediating/replacing damaged sewermains due to inflow and infiltration. This construction solicitation will requirethe full removal and replacement of the liftstation for the Rosebud complex. The exist-ing lift station provides wastewater serviceto the hospital quarters units, and severaltribal program buildings. Once installationis complete the new lift station will take thefull sanitary load for the area currently be-ing serviced by the existing lift station andbe sized to handle expansion in the future.Then the existing lift station consisting of the wet well, dry well, pumps and pipingwill be demolished. The new lift station willconsist of a wet well, a dry well, installationof chopper pumps, and force main connec-tion. This project will also include a newcontrol system to allow the facility to moni-tor flow into the lift station and the status ofthe equipment

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/668235608f9046a3a5e2d192fe514458/view)