---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice: Vehicle Maintenance Shop Construction, Kadena Air Base
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1e73b03884954216ba12302fc9aed048
---

# Sources Sought Notice: Vehicle Maintenance Shop Construction, Kadena Air Base

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 18:33:45.591-04
- Solicitation Number: W912HV26Z0012

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT MARKET SURVEY W912HV26Z0012 Vehicle Maintenance Shop Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan INTRODUCTION: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Japan District (POJ), is performing market research for a Design-Bid-Build (DBB) construction project. This announcement represents a market survey that is intended for planning purposes only. The purpose of this notice is to identify sources capable of performing this project and to receive responses from those firms to assist the Government's acquisition planning. This survey does not constitute a commitment by the Government for any follow-on announcements, solicitation, or award. This notice is NOT a solicitation. The Government will not pay for any information provided as a result of this market survey. This market survey is intended for local sources only. Local sources are those sources physically located and licensed to conduct business in Japan. Firms interested and capable of performing this work are highly encouraged to submit a response (submission requirements are located within this notice). We are committed to partnering with industry as much as we can throughout this process and therefore encourage all interested companies to respond to this survey. Market research and industry feedback is an essential part of the acquisition process. The information requested in this announcement will be used within USACE-JED to facilitate decision-making and will not be disclosed outside the agency. However, respondents submitting business information pursuant to this Sources Sought/Request for Information (RFI) announcement should consult 41 C.F.R. parts 105-60 and other implementing regulations concerning the release of such information to third parties under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). All information submitted by respondents that they consider confidential and not releasable to third parties outside of USACE, and its employees, agents, consultants, and representatives, must be clearly and conspicuously marked. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) All interested companies, including joint ventures, shall be registered in the SAM database in order to be eligible for award of Government contracts. https://www.sam.gov LOCAL SOURCES Firms which have not done business with U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Japan Engineering District, are requested to visit the following website: https://www.poj.usace.army.mil/Business-With-Us/ for general information. This contract will be performed in its entirety in the country of Japan and is intended only for local sources. Only local sources will be considered under the corresponding solicitation. Local sources are sources (e.g. corporations, partnerships, or Joint Ventures [For a Joint Venture, the Joint Venture as an independent entity must satisfy the local source requirements or, in the alternative, each member of the Joint Venture must individually satisfy the local source requirements]) that are physically located in Japan and authorized (i.e. licensed and registered) to perform in Japan, the type of construction work specific in the corresponding solicitation. Specifically, a prospective offeror must be duly authorized to operate and conduct business in Japan and must fully comply with all applicable laws, decrees, labor standards, and regulations of Japan during the performance of the resulting contracts. In addition, prior to award of the contracts, offerors must be registered with the Government of Japan to do construction work in Japan and possess necessary construction licenses and permits to perform work required under the corresponding solicitation. Construction license will be verified through the Government of Japan – Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport, and Tourism (MILT) https://etsuran.mlit.go.jp/TAKKEN. The U.S. Government will not offer “United States Official Contractor” status under Article XIV of the US-Japan Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) to U.S. contractors normally resident in the United States; nor will the U.S. Government certify employees of such contractors as “Members of the Civilian Component” under Article I(b) of the SOFA. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PROJECT INFORMATION Project Title: Vehicle Maintenance Shop Project Location: Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan Product Service Code (PSC): Y1AZ – Construction of Other Administration Facilities and Service Buildings NAICS Code: 236220 – Commercial and Institutional Building Construction Estimated Project Range: Between $100,000,000 and $150,000,000 Project Description: This project will entail construction of a standard design Vehicle Maintenance Shop (VMS) on Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, for the Army Air Defense Artillery (ADA). The primary facilities include the maintenance bays, supply and support activity warehouse, organizational vehicle parking, organizational unit storage, and oil storage building. The project will also include special foundations, intrusion detection system (IDS), connection to energy monitoring and control system (EMCS), building information systems, and integrated fire protection systems. Significant civil works effort is required. Please see the attached draft Specifications and Drawings for further information. NOTE: The DRAFT Specifications, Drawings and/or Plans included in this Notice are provided for informational purposes only. Interested firms are cautioned that all attachments to this notice are provided in draft format and subject to change. Estimated Period of Performance: 1095 calendar days Proposed Procurement Method: The Government anticipates the issuance of a Request for Proposal (RFP) on or around 1st Quarter FY27 with award selection based on a lowest priced, technically acceptable approach. Submission Requirements for responses to this Market Survey: Please submit a response no later than 2:00 P.M. on 17 March 2026 Japan Standard Time (JST) using the attached W912HV26Z0012 Market Survey Questions document and email the completed form to the following individuals. Contracting Officer – Valeria Fisher at valeria.fisher@usace.army.mil Contract Specialist – Erica Stiner at erica.j.stiner@usace.army.mil We appreciate your honest feedback in helping to develop an effective acquisition strategy that is advantageous for all interested parties. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Contracting Office Address: Japan District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers RM. 116, BLDG. 364, Camp Foster Chatan-Cho, Okinawa-Ken 904-0100, Japan Attachments (Specifications and Drawings are dividied into multiple parts due to file size): W912HV26Z0012 Market Survey Questions W912HV26Z0012 VMS Intermediate Specs DRAFT (3 parts) W912HV26Z0012 VMS Intermediate Drawings DRAFT (12 parts)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Erica Stiner
  - Email: erica.j.stiner@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Valeria Fisher
  - Email: valeria.fisher@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1e73b03884954216ba12302fc9aed048/view)