---
layout: default
title: NAWCAD WOLF SAIW Technical Project Management Support (TPMS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 79ab29a161bb4da09c95be028c0ee624
---

# NAWCAD WOLF SAIW Technical Project Management Support (TPMS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 10:03:27.68-04
- Solicitation Number: N0042126R1018

## Summary

DISCLAIMER: THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. This Sources Sought is a market research tool being used to determine potential and eligible business firms that are capable of providing the services described herein prior to determining the method of acquisition and issuance of a Request for Proposal. The existing contract was previously competed, however, only one response was received. The Government would like to ensure that there is adequate competition for this procurement. Additionally, the results of this sources sought will also be utilized to determine if any Small Business Set-Aside opportunities exist. All interested large and small businesses are encouraged to respond with a capability statement, but only those businesses or teaming arrangements that are considered small under NAICS 541330 will be considered for small business set-aside decisions. INTRODUCTION The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) Webster Outlying Field (WOLF) at Patuxent River, MD Ship & Air Integrated Warfare (SAIW) division announces its intention to procure, on a competitive basis, the services necessary to provide support for technical and systems engineering, technical and project management, organizational management, administrative, acquisition, and budget execution for the entire SAIW Division project lifecycle to include support for overarching organizational planning, performance, reporting, and best practices to ensure consistent high levels of success. This requirement is in direct support of projects related to multiple major defense acquisition programs, other acquisition category designations, and/or other defense weapons systems to include, but not be limited to, multiple major defense acquisition programs, other acquisition category designations, and other defense weapons systems with an agile management approach to ensure that solutions are delivered efficiently and effectively. Further detail is provided in the Draft Statement of Work (SOW) attached to this synopsis (Attachment 1). These services are currently being performed under Seaport MAC Nx-G Task Order Ship & Air Integrated Warfare Division Management Support. The Ship & Air Integrated Warfare Division Management Support services are currently being performed by Spalding Consulting, Inc. a Saalex Company, Lexington Park, MD under Contract N00178-19-D-8547 Task Order N00421-22-F-3005. Task Order N00421-22-F-3005 was awarded competitively with Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (CPFF) Term for labor and corresponding cost reimbursable CLINs for Other Direct Costs (ODCs). This Task Order is estimated to expire Q4 of FY 2027. PROGRAM BACKGROUND As the organic Lead Systems Integrator® (oLSI®) for the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD), Webster Outlying Field (WOLF) operates under a product-based business model whereby NAWCAD WOLF civilians lead and manage the execution of the requirements for defense weapon systems programs with combined Government-Industry teams. Using this oLSI® approach, the Government maintains control of intellectual property and data rights, enabling WOLF to rapidly adapt solutions to the dynamic needs of the warfighter. The NAWCAD WOLF Ship & Air Integrated Warfare (SAIW) Division is engaged in the research, development, design, integration, test and evaluation, deployment, training, technical management, and maintenance support for integrated Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Combat Systems, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (C5ISR) life cycle engineering systems supporting various sponsors to include Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA), and other Department of Defense (DoD) and Federal organizations. The SAIW Division, operating under the oLSI® model, has requirements for technical project management and operational support to successfully fulfill the SAIW Divisions mission of provided support services at both the diverse project levels and the over all Division organizational level. REQUIREMENTS Please review Attachment 1, Draft SOW and Attachment 2 Anticipated Labor Categories and Hours. If your company has any questions about the SOW, or any areas that may need further explanation, please also identify those in the response. Since the resultant task order will be a cost-type effort, the successful awardee will also be required to have a Government approved accounting system upon award. All potential offerors must either have or be able to obtain a TOP SECRET facility clearance. A DD Form 254 Contract Security Classification Specification shall apply to this requirement and the prime contractor team (e.g. subcontractor partner) shall have a “Top Secret” Facility Clearance and a “Secret” Safeguarding Clearance. ELIGIBILITY The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this requirement is 541330 Engineering Services with a Small Business Size standard of $47 Million. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. The Product Service Code (PSC) for this effort will be R799, Support – Management: Other. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE 86% Government Site (including NAWCAD WOLF, St. Ingioes, MD) 14% Contractor Site (within 50 drivable miles of NAWCAD WOLF St. Ingioes, MD) ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE This requirement is anticipated to be a SeaPort-NxG Multiple Award Contract (MAC) Task Order (TO) with CPFF term Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs) for labor and cost reimbursable CLINs for ODCs. The proposed Task Order is anticipated to include tasking and labor categories that are subject to the Service Contract Act. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE It is anticipated that the resultant Task Order will have a 5 year Period of Performance (base and four Option Years), Q4 FY2027 – Q4 FY2032, and a 6-month optional extension (FAR 52.217-8). SUBMITTAL INFORMATION It is requested that interested businesses submit to the contracting office a brief capabilities statement package (no more than 15 pages in length, single spaced, 12 point font minimum) demonstrating ability to perform the effort listed in the attached Draft SOW, Attachment 1. This documentation must address, at a minimum, the following: Title of the SOW to which you are responding; Company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office location(s), CAGE code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and a statement regarding current small/large business status; Respondents to this notice must also indicate whether they qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Small Disadvantaged Veteran Owned Small Business, Women-Owned, 8(a), HUB Zone or Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern; If a small business, provide an explanation of your company's ability or your company’s ability combined with a similarly situated entity’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this SOW; Resources available such as corporate management and currently employed personnel to be assigned to tasks under this effort to include professional qualifications, specific experience of such personnel, and the ability to have personnel located at the city specified; Management approach to staffing this effort with qualified personnel; Statement regarding capability to obtain the required industrial security clearances for personnel; Company's ability to meet the requirements in the Facility and Safeguarding requirements. If at this time, potential offeror does not have the required clearances, please explain how the required clearances will be obtained; Company's ability to begin performance upon task order award; Company's ability to manage a team of subcontractors, including a list of contracts and teaming arrangements; Prior/current corporate experience performing efforts of similar size and scope within the last three years, including contract number, organization supported, indication of whether as a prime or subcontractor, contract values, Government point of contact with current telephone number, and a brief description of how the referenced contract relates to the services described herein; What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensures capability to perform the tasks? It is requested that, in the response to the Sources Sought, the company explain its capability to accomplish the work specified under the paragraphs 3.3.1- 3.3.6 of the draft SOW Technical Requirements. If the company finds itself not capable to perform all parts of the SOW, please specify which portions of the SOW it is not capable of accomplishing. If the company will be teaming or utilizing subcontracts, please include information regarding which work the subcontractor will be responsible for and how the prime will determine the subcontractor is capable of accomplishing the work. The capability statement package shall be sent by email to Hannah.r.farrell.civ@us.navy.mil and amy.g.davis.civ@us.navy.mil. Submissions must be received at the office cited no later than 2:30 pm. Eastern Standard Time on 24 March 2026. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed to Hannah Farrell and Amy Davis via email at Hannah.r.farrell.civ@us.navy.mil and amy.g.davis.civ@us.navy.mil. All responses must include the following information: Company Name; Company Address; Company Business Size; and Point-of-Contact (POC) name, phone number, and e-mail address.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hannah Farrell
  - Email: hannah.r.farrell.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Amy G. Davis
  - Email: amy.g.davis.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . These services are currently being performed under Seaport MAC Nx-G Task Order Ship & Air Integrated Warfare Division Management Support. The Ship & Air Integrated Warfare Division Management Support services are currently being performed by Spalding Consulting, Inc. a Saalex Company, Lexington Park, MD under Contract N00178-19-D-8547 Task Order N00421-22-F-3005. Task Order N00421-22-F-3005 was awarded competitively with Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (CPFF) Term for labor and corresponding cost reimbursable CLINs for Other Direct Costs (ODCs). This Task Order is estimated to expire Q4 of FY 2027. PROGRAM BACKGROUND As the organic Lead Systems Integrator® (oLSI®) for the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD), Webster Outlying Field (WOLF) operates under a product-based business model whereby NAWCAD WOLF civilians lead and manage the execution of the requirements for defense weapon systems programs with combined Government-Industry teams. Using this oLSI® approach, the Government maintains control of intellectual property and data rights, enabling WOLF to rapidly adapt solutions to the dynamic needs of the warfighter. The NAWCAD WOLF Ship & Air Integrated Warfare (SAIW) Division is engaged in the research, development, design, integration, test and evaluation, deployment, training, technical management, and maintenance support for integrated Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Combat Systems, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (C5ISR) life cycle engineering systems supporting various sponsors to include Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA), and other Department of Defense (DoD) and Federal organizations. The SAIW Division, operating under the oLSI® model, has requirements for technical project management and operational support to successfully fulfill the SAIW Divisions mission of provided support services at both the diverse project levels and the over all Division organizational level. REQUIREMENTS Please review Attachment 1, Draft SOW and Attachment 2 Anticipated Labor Categories and Hours. If your company has any questions about the SOW, or any areas that may need further explanation, please also identify those in the response. Since the resultant task order will be a cost-type effort, the successful awardee will also be required to have a Government approved accounting system upon award. All potential offerors must either have or be able to obtain a TOP SECRET facility clearance. A DD Form 254 Contract Security Classification Specification shall apply to this requirement and the prime contractor team (e.g. subcontractor partner) shall have a “Top Secret” Facility Clearance and a “Secret” Safeguarding Clearance. ELIGIBILITY The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this requirement is 541330 Engineering Services with a Small Business Size standard of $47 Million. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. The Product Service Code (PSC) for this effort will be R799, Support – Management: Other. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE 86% Government Site (including NAWCAD WOLF, St. Ingioes, MD) 14% Contractor Site (within 50 drivable miles of NAWCAD WOLF St. Ingioes, MD) ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE This requirement is anticipated to be a SeaPort-NxG Multiple Award Contract (MAC) Task Order (TO) with CPFF term Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs) for labor and cost reimbursable CLINs for ODCs. The proposed Task Order is anticipated to include tasking and labor categories that are subject to the Service Contract Act. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE It is anticipated that the resultant Task Order will have a 5 year Period of Performance (base and four Option Years), Q4 FY2027 – Q4 FY2032, and a 6-month optional extension (FAR 52.217-8). SUBMITTAL INFORMATION It is requested that interested businesses submit to the contracting office a brief capabilities statement package (no more than 15 pages in length, single spaced, 12 point font minimum) demonstrating ability to perform the effort listed in the attached Draft SOW, Attachment 1. This documentation must address, at a minimum, the following: Title of the SOW to which you are responding; Company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office location(s), CAGE code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and a statement regarding current small/large business status; Respondents to this notice must also indicate whether they qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Small Disadvantaged Veteran Owned Small Business, Women-Owned, 8(a), HUB Zone or Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern; If a small business, provide an explanation of your company"s ability or your company’s ability combined with a similarly situated entity’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this SOW; Resources available such as corporate management and currently employed personnel to be assigned to tasks under this effort to include professional qualifications, specific experience of such personnel, and the ability to have personnel located at the city specified; Management approach to staffing this effort with qualified personnel; Statement regarding capability to obtain the required industrial security clearances for personnel; Company"s ability to meet the requirements in the Facility and Safeguarding requirements. If at this time, potential offeror does not have the required clearances, please explain how the required clearances will be obtained; Company"s ability to begin performance upon task order award; Company"s ability to manage a team of subcontractors, including a list of contracts and teaming arrangements; Prior/current corporate experience performing efforts of similar size and scope within the last three years, including contract number, organization supported, indication of whether as a prime or subcontractor, contract values, Government point of contact with current telephone number, and a brief description of how the referenced contract relates to the services described herein; What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensures capability to perform the tasks? It is requested that, in the response to the Sources Sought, the company explain its capability to accomplish the work specified under the paragraphs 3.3.1- 3.3.6 of the draft SOW Technical Requirements. If the company finds itself not capable to perform all parts of the SOW, please specify which portions of the SOW it is not capable of accomplishing. If the company will be teaming or utilizing subcontracts, please include information regarding which work the subcontractor will be responsible for and how the prime will determine the subcontractor is capable of accomplishing the work. The capability statement package shall be sent by email to Hannah.r.farrell.civ@us.navy.mil and amy.g.davis.civ@us.navy.mil. Submissions must be received at the office cited no later than 2:30 pm. Eastern Standard Time on 24 March 2026. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed to Hannah Farrell and Amy Davis via email at Hannah.r.farrell.civ@us.navy.mil and amy.g.davis.civ@us.navy.mil. All responses must include the following information: Company Name; Company Address; Company Business Size; and Point-of-Contact (POC) name, phone number, and e-mail address

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/79ab29a161bb4da09c95be028c0ee624/view)