---
layout: default
title: 6515--CT Injectors - New Requirement - Philadelphia
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 51ae09ab575b4e748780789a7569c3f4
---

# 6515--CT Injectors - New Requirement - Philadelphia

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 16:31:44.345-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426Q0382
- Awardee: null

## Summary

STATEMENT OF NEED Corporal Michael J. Crescenz VA Medical Center CT Injection systems Introduction: The Computed Tomography (CT) department is critical to our diagnostic imaging services, providing essential support for patient care. The department relies heavily on CT Contrast injectors to ensure accurate and efficient procedures. However, the two CT Contrast Injectors currently in use have reached their end-of-life statute, making their replacement an urgent necessity. To ensure continuity and quality of our CT imaging services, we propose the procurement of two new CT Contrast Injection Systems. The new injection systems must include Injection unit the core component of the system that houses the mechanism for dispensing the contrast media. It will have a programmable setting to control the rate, Cordless Mobility Simple snap-in patient line auto primes and is ready for the next patient in under 20 seconds. Multi patient set-up. Contrast versatility & Data Capture. Visual Indicators. Air Detection and Removal. Fluid Delivery Method. Flow rate: 0.1-10mL/sec in 0.1 mL increments. Volume 1mL to Syringe Capacity in 1mL increments. Programmable Pressure Limit (psI/kPa): 150mL and 200mL Syringe: Choice of 50/345, 100/689; 150/1034, 200/1379, 225/1551, 250/1724, 300/2068, 325/2241. Scan reminders: 0-300 Seconds (5 minutes) in 1 second increments. Pause: 1-900 Seconds (15 minutes) in 1 Second Increments. Hold: Maximum HOLD Time is 20 minutes. Maximum Number of Phases: 6. Syringes (Volume capacity): 150mL or 200mL Sterile Disposable Syringe. Fluid Loading Contrast Media: 150 mL or 200 mL Imaging Bulk Pack presentation. Day Set Two X 200 mL reservoirs. Dual Flow: Simultaneous injection of Contrast and Saline is integrated in the Certegra Workstation (CWS) and included. Battery Performance. Wi-Fi enabled, full color, touch screen. Contrast details auto populated. 200 ml FLEX syringes, 60 tubing with T-connector, 2 small spikes Installation Deliverables Delivery and installation of two state-of-the-art CT Contrast injection systems, each equipped with advanced technology to ensure precision and reliability. A sufficient initial supply of compatible disposable syringes and necessary accessories (e.g., tubing, connectors) to ensure seamless integration and operations Professional installation by certified technicians to ensure the injectors are correctly installed and integrated with the existing CT scanners. Calibration of the injectors to specific imaging protocols and patient needs. Configuration of software settings to align with operational requirement and safety standards Comprehensive training sessions for radiologists, technologists, and pertinent staff to ensure proper use, maintenance, and troubleshooting of the new injectors. Provision of detailed user manuals and operational guidelines to assist staff with day-to-day use and best practice. A comprehensive warranty covering parts and labor for a specified period to protect against manufacturing defects and operational failures. Verification of compatibility with existing IT infrastructure, including data management systems and electronic medical records systems. Certification that the new injection systems comply with all relevant regulatory standards and guidelines, ensuring safe and legal operation Delivery To ensure a smooth and efficient transition, the delivery of the two new CT Contrast injection systems should be coordinated with the Bio Med Team at the Corporal Michael J. Crescenz VA Medical Center (CMCVAMC). It is essential that the delivery be scheduled in advance to allow for proper planning. All equipment will be delivered to the designated warehouse facility at CMCVAMC to undergo initial inspection and verification. The CMCVAMC is located at 3900 Woodland Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19104 Upon arrival at the warehouse, the CT injection systems will undergo an inspection to verify that all components are delivered in good condition. Privacy and Security All personnel involved in the delivery and installation process are trained in HIPAA regulations and will adhere to strict data privacy and security protocols. When integrating the new CT Contrast injection systems with existing imaging systems, all necessary precautions will be taken to ensure that patient data is secure and that the integration process does not compromise HIPAA compliance. The vendor providing the CT Contrast injection systems must comply with all relevant HIPAA regulations. After the installation is completed, a review will be conducted to ensure that all systems are operating securely and that there is no risk of data breaches or unauthorized access to PHI. We remain committed to maintaining the highest standards of patient data protection and will ensure that all aspects of this delivery and installation process comply with HIPAA regulations. REQUEST FOR INFORMATION INSTRUCTIONS: It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the required specifications mentioned above. Responses to this RFI should include company name, address, point of contact, phone number, and point of contact e-mail, UEI Number, Cage Code, size of business pursuant to North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) 339112 (size standard of 1000 employees). Please answer the following questions: Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? If not, can you provide additional information shown below. This is to confirm compliance with the non-manufacturer rule IAW 13 CFR 121.406(b) Nonmanufacturers. Does your company exceed 500 employees; Primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of item being supplied; Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice; Obtained an individual or class waiver? If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? Must have an authorized distributor letter from the original equipment manufacture. If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work and completion of job. Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. If you are an FSS GSA/NAC contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. Please submit your capabilities in regard to the salient characteristics detailed above and any information pertaining to equal to items to establish capabilities for planning purposes? Please review salient characteristics/statement of work (if applicable) and provide feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. Please provide your UEI number. This RFI will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received via e-mail to andrew.taylor3@va.gov no later than, 4:00 PM Eastern Time (ET) on March 27, 2026. This notice will help the VA in determining available potential sources only. Do not contact VA Medical Center staff regarding this requirement, as they are not authorized to discuss this matter related to this procurement action. All questions will be addressed by Andrew Taylor, Contracting Officer,. Questions or responses will include the Source Sought number 36C24526Q0382 in the subject line. All firms responding to this Request for Information are advised that their response is not a request for proposal, therefore will not be considered for a contract award. Any interested business concern must submit a capability statement addressing its ability to meet the requirements listed above to capability statement shall include a statement regarding how the business concern is engaged in wholesale trade and normally sells the item being supplied and how the business concern will take ownership of the items being delivered. Vendors shall also provide certification, evidence that they are an authorized distributor of the Original Equipment Manufacturer. If a solicitation is issued, information will be posted on the SAM web site for all qualified interested parties at a later date and interested parties must respond to the solicitation to be considered for award. This notice does not commit the government to contract for any supplies or services. The government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Request for Information. Information will only be accepted in writing by e-mail to Contracting Officer at andrew.taylor3@va.gov include 36C24426Q0382 in the subject line. DISCLAIMER This RFI Notice of Intent is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. End of Document

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrew Taylor
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: andrew.taylor3@va.gov
  - Phone: 724-679-2327

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/51ae09ab575b4e748780789a7569c3f4/view)