---
layout: default
title: WHITNEY POINT REGULATING OUTLET GATE REPAIRS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e53754b6d47a405bb5105c530ca1865e
---

# WHITNEY POINT REGULATING OUTLET GATE REPAIRS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 10:55:01.785-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DR26X13E8

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS OR BIDS. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME.The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Baltimore District, requests letters of interest from qualified ALL BUSINESS CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTORS interested in performing work on the potential WHITNEY POINT REGULATING OUTLET (RO) REHABILITATION, BROOME COUNTY, NEW YORK.By way of this Market Survey/Sources Sought Notice, the USACE Baltimore District intends to determine the extent of capable firms that are engaged in providing the services described hereunder. Responses to this Sources Sought announcement will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Therefore, the type of set-aside or acquisition decision to be issued will depend upon the capabilities of the responses to this notice.This Notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP); it does not guarantee the future issuance of an RFP; nor does it commit the Government to a contract for any construction requirements. Further, the Baltimore District (the Agency) will not accept unsolicited proposals. Respondents are advised that this Agency will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Notice; all cost associated with responding to this Notice will be solely at the responding party?s expense. At this time, propriety information is not being requested and respondents shall refrain from providing propriety information in response to this Notice. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. Not responding to this Notice does not preclude participation in any future Solicitation, if any is issued.Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this notice.PROJECT DESCRIPTION:The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Baltimore District (NAB), has been tasked to solicit for and award construction services for the Whitney Point Regulating Outlet (RO) Rehabilitation in Broome County, NY.Whitney Point Lake is located along the Otselic River in Broome County, New York. The Dam is located 17 miles north of Binghamton, NY, and less than one mile upstream of the Village of Whitney Point. Whitney Point Dam consists of a 1300 feet long zoned earth filled embankment, transitioning to a 3600-foot long earthen dike section to the west. The outlet works includes an approach channel, intake structure, tunnel, stilling basin and discharge channel. The spillway includes an approach channel, ogeeweir, and discharge channel. Whitney Point Lake and its regulating outlet (RO) serve to partially impound the Otselic River before it joins the Tioughnioga River. This ensures flood risk management to populations downstream while providing a lakeside recreational area near the town of Whitney Point. The Whitney Point RO is nearly 80 years old. The systems are mostly original and are well beyond the end of their design life. Currently, service and emergency gates leak when closed, preventing inspections of the outlet conduits and the control tower?s concrete structural members. Furthermore, only one emergency gate (among three emergency-gate slots) is available to operations dam staff, who must currently assume the safety risk of hoisting it between slots when necessary.The primary purpose of this proposed project is to improve the safety, functionality, and reliability of the Whitney Point RO by demolishing and replacing the hoisted-gate assemblies, which include electrical, mechanical, and structural components. The rehabilitation project is needed to restore the aging system components to ensure safe and fully functional RO operations for a service life of 100 years.The proposed design includes the fabrication and installation of: one new bulkhead, three new service regulating outlet (RO) gates, three new emergency RO gates, 15 individual trashracks, one new overhead bulkhead crane (external hoist) and structure, one new trashrack lifting beam with sling, three new service RO gate hoists, three new emergency RO gate hoists, new machinery skids, new standby diesel generator, new Dam Secondary Distribution Panel (DSDP), new gate hoist receptacles and plugs, new gate hoist assemblies, panel heaters, new motor winding heaters, new RO gate controls, new exposed steel conduits, new exterior lighting, new convenience receptacles, and incidental related work. RO and bulkhead gate work includes survey of existing slot conditions and possible rehabilitation of structural concrete. Prior to removal of the trashracks, all debris directly in front of the trashracks must be removed. Although methods for removal of debris will be up to the contractor, previous debris removal efforts consisted of divers placing cables around logs, then removing debris with a crane.The purpose of this notice is to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of various members of industry, to include the Small Business Community: Small Business (SB), Section 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZones), Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), and Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB). The Government must ensure there is adequate competition within any given socioeconomic category of responsible contractors. Large businesses are not prohibited from submitting a response to this notice; however, SB, Section 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, SDB, VOSB, and WOSB are highly encouraged to participate.In accordance with DFAR 236.204 ? Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects, the magnitude of this project is between $10,000,000.00 and $25,000,000.00. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 237990 ? ?Other Heavy and Engineering Construction?, which has a small business size standard of $39,500,000. Responders should address ALL the following in their submittal:Company name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, CAGE code, and UEI number. Indicate if your company is currently registered with the Systems for Award Management (SAM) database. If not, indicate if it has been registered in the past or intends to register.1. In consideration of NAICS code 237990 with a size standard in dollars of $39,500,000, indicate which of the following small business categories your business is classified under (if applicable): Small Business, Veteran Owned Small Business, Services Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Woman-Owned Small Business, HUBZone Small Business, or 8(a) Business.2. Capability statements shall provide at least two (2) examples, but no more than four (4) examples of projects similar to the requirements described above within the past 10 years. Include point of contact information for each of the examples, as past performance on indicated projects may be verified. Contractors with unsatisfactory past performance may not be considered capable of successfully performing this type of work. Capability statements should also include information and details of similar projects, to include contract value.3. Responders shall have experience in the areas listed below and provide narratives identifying that specific experience:a. Successful experience with the Government submittal process.b. Extensive experience developing and managing complex project schedules within Primavera P6, including creating detailed WBS structures, defining activity dependencies, assigning resources, and performing critical path analysis on construction projects, and proactively identifying potential schedule risks.c. Structural Rehabilitation1) Demonstrate experience with fabrication and placement of hydraulic steel structures such as gates and bulkheads.2) Demonstrate experience with shop and field welding of structures in accordance with AWS D1.1 and AWS D1.5.d. Mechanical Rehabilitation1) Demonstrate successful experience with procurement and installation of large motor-driven machine systems.2) Demonstrate experience with repair and replacement of hoist machinery, electromechanical equipment, and load limiting devices. e. Electrical Rehabilitation1) Demonstrate experience with electrical equipment 24-480 VAC/VDC including existing control and power system tie ins.2) Demonstrate experience with systems such as electric cable and conduit, electric motors, control panel equipment, PLC, and remote I/O systems (controllers, encoders, torque limiting devices, etc.), power distribution equipment.Narratives shall be no longer than six (6) pages. Comments will be shared with the Government and the project design team, but otherwise will be held in strict confidence.SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS:THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL, QUOTE OR BID. It is a market research tool being utilized to determine the availability of potential qualified contractors before determining the method of acquisition. In addition, this source sought is not to be considered as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government pay for any information solicited or delivered.Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed requirement are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice NLT 11:00 A.M. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on, 07 April 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Nicole.C.Brookes@usace.army.mil and Brandi.A.Dupree@usace.army.mil referencing the sources sought notice number W912DR26X13E8.Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. If you have any questions concerning this opportunity, please contact Nicole.C.Brookes@usace.army.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brandi Dupree
  - Email: brandi.a.dupree@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 4109620017
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Nicole Brookes
  - Email: Nicole.C.Brookes@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e53754b6d47a405bb5105c530ca1865e/view)