---
layout: default
title: Cedar Rapids Flood Risk Management Project, Reach 4 Phase 1 Downstream River Floodwall and Pump Station
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 917a65b5bebd44c6afa197afe788d14d
---

# Cedar Rapids Flood Risk Management Project, Reach 4 Phase 1 Downstream River Floodwall and Pump Station

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 16:32:10.007-04
- Solicitation Number: W912EK26BA001

## Summary

**Updated Virtual Bid Opening Call-In Information** The access code has been updated. To access the virtual bid opening, please use the following information: Phone: 503-207-9433 Access Code: 759 365 344# **Reminder: Submission of bids are due on 18 March 2026 at 1:00 PM CST and the Bid Opening will be held at 2:00 PM CST.** ATTENTION Due to file sizes and SAM.gov limitations at the time of release, not all of the files that are needed are posted. The files: 1. Solicitation with Specifications (solicitation document without contract specifications was posted) 2. Attachment J-2 Plan Set - VOL 401 Floodwall Please email Samantha Johanson and Brunson Grothus at the following emails and you will get a link to the files via DoD SAFE: samantha.k.johanson@usace.army.mil brunson.e.grothus@usace.army.mil The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Rock Island District has a requirement for a construction contract for the project known as: Cedar Rapids Flood Risk Management Project, Reach 4 Phase 1 Downstream River Floodwall and Pump Station. The work includes, but is not limited to: site demolition; temporary traffic controls; clearing, grubbing and stripping; pavement removal, levee removal, utility removal, plugging and abandonment of utilities; construction of rigid and flexible pavements, construction of utilities such as storm sewers, manholes and catch basins; construction of cast-in-place concrete floodwall, storm sewer outlets, gate wells, geotechnical instrumentation and relief wells, trench and toe drains, and pump station construction. NAICS Code: 237990 Size Standard: $45,000,000.00 Estimated Range: Between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000 Unrestricted, Invitation for Bid A site visit will be conducted on 02 December 2025 at 9:00 AM CST. **Please RSVP to Matthew Hosford at (309)252-2008 or matthew.m.hosford@usace.army.mil by 28 November 2025 at 10:00 AM CST if you plan to attend.** See clause 52.236-27 in the solicitation document for additional details. Questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted via ProjNet by 2:00 PM CST on 18 December 2025. See "Question and Answer via ProjNet" within the Instructions to Bidders Section of the solicitation document for additional information. **Amendment 0001 - The purpose of this amendment is to update the contract completion days from 850 to 970 consecutive calendar days, as well as extend the due dates for receipt of questions and bids. See attachment titled, "A22 - Solicitation Amendment W912EK26BA0010001" for details. **Amendment 0002 - The purpose of this amendment is to update the Plans and Specifications based on questions received, add FAR Clause 52.219-4, update the Instructions to Bidders to include a list of what should be submitted with the Bid Package, and **Suspend bid submission due date and bid opening indefinitely. The bid submission due date of 08 April 2026 is set strictly as a placeholder. Another amendment will be issued in the future to re-establish a new date for receipt of bids and bid opening.** **Amendment 0003 - The purpose of this amendment is to *remove the Project Labor Agreement requirement*, re-open the Q&A period, *establish a new due date for receipt of bids and bid opening*, update the Plans and Specifications based on questions received, update the Wage Determination to the most current version, and include an additional reference plan set as Attachment J-6. **Questions can be submitted via ProjNet until 02 March 2026 at 2:00 PM CST.**Submission of bids are due on 18 March 2026 at 1:00 PM CST and the Bid Opening will be held at 2:00 PM CST.** **Amendment 0004 - The purpose of this amendment is to update the Plans and Specifications based on questions received. See attachments titled, "A22 - Solicitation Amendment W912EK26BA0010004 with Specs Rev3" and "A22 - Amendment 0004 - Attachment J-2 Plan Set - VOL 401 Floodwall Rev3" for details.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha Johanson
  - Email: samantha.k.johanson@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brunson Grothus
  - Email: brunson.e.grothus@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -2 Plan Set - VOL 401 Floodwall Please email Samantha Johanson and Brunson Grothus at the following emails and you will get a link to the files via DoD SAFE: samantha.k.johanson@usace.army.mil brunson.e.grothus@usace.army.mil The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Rock Island District has a requirement for a construction contract for the project known as: Cedar Rapids Flood Risk Management Project, Reach 4 Phase 1 Downstream River Floodwall and Pump Station. The work includes, but is not limited to: site demolition; temporary traffic controls; clearing, grubbing and stripping; pavement removal, levee removal, utility removal, plugging and abandonment of utilities; construction of rigid and flexible pavements, construction of utilities such as storm sewers, manholes and catch basins; construction of cast-in-place concrete floodwall, storm sewer outlets, gate wells, geotechnical instrumentation and relief wells, trench and toe drains, and pump station construction. NAICS Code: 237990 Size Standard: $45,000,000.00 Estimated Range: Between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000 Unrestricted, Invitation for Bid A site visit will be conducted on 02 December 2025 at 9:00 AM CST. **Please RSVP to Matthew Hosford at (309)252-2008 or matthew.m.hosford@usace.army.mil by 28 November 2025 at 10:00 AM CST if you plan to attend.** See clause 52.236-27 in the solicitation document for additional details. Questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted via ProjNet by 2:00 PM CST on 18 December 2025. See "Question and Answer via ProjNet" within the Instructions to Bidders Section of the solicitation document for additional information. **Amendment 0001 - The purpose of this amendment is to update the contract completion days from 850 to 970 consecutive calendar days, as well as extend the due dates for receipt of questions and bids. See attachment titled, "A22 - Solicitation Amendment W912EK26BA0010001" for details. **Amendment 0002 - The purpose of this amendment is to update the Plans and Specifications based on questions received, add FAR Clause 52.219-4, update the Instructions to Bidders to include a list of what should be submitted with the Bid Package, and **Suspend bid submission due date and bid opening indefinitely. The bid submission due date of 08 April 2026 is set strictly as a placeholder. Another amendment will be issued in the future to re-establish a new date for receipt of bids and bid opening.** **Amendment 0003 - The purpose of this amendment is to *remove the Project Labor Agreement requirement*, re-open the Q&A period, *establish a new due date for receipt of bids and bid opening*, update the Plans and Specifications based on questions received, update the Wage Determination to the most current version, and include an additional reference plan set as Attachment J-6. **Questions can be submitted via ProjNet until 02 March 2026 at 2:00 PM CST.**Submission of bids are due on 18 March 2026 at 1:00 PM CST and the Bid Opening will be held at 2:00 PM CST.** **Amendment 0004 - The purpose of this amendment is to update the Plans and Specifications based on questions received. See attachments titled, "A22 - Solicitation Amendment W912EK26BA0010004 with Specs Rev3" and "A22 - Amendment 0004 - Attachment J-2 Plan Set - VOL 401 Floodwall Rev3" for details

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/917a65b5bebd44c6afa197afe788d14d/view)