---
layout: default
title: COMPRESSOR HP
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 61d3fe4ae5c54d29bce6c2de1ba03c50
---

# COMPRESSOR HP

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 17:36:45.656-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425QCC44

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N771.2|WG2|771-229-0537|jaclyn.i.phillips.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE POINT|6||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice & Receiving Report (COMBO)||TDB|N00104|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|333914|750|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| This solicitation is issued pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ^^ All freight is FOB Origin. This RFQ is for repair. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. The Government is seeking a Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) of: 90_Days_ Government Source Inspection (GSI) is required. Please note freight is handled by the Navy as per the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) Statement of Work. Your quote should include the following information: QUOTE AMOUNT AND RTAT Unit Price:__________ Total Price:__________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): _______ days If your company is not quoting the Government's Required Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) or earlier, provide your company's capacity constraints? _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor's facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Check one: Firm-fixed-Price ___ Estimated ___ Not-to Exceed (NTE): ___ Return Material Authorization # (RMA), if applicable:__________ Delivery Vehicle (if Delivery Order requested) (if your company has a current BOA/IDIQ, for example) :__________________ TESTING AND EVALUATION IF BEYOND REPAIR T&E fee/price (if asset is determined BR/BER): If an item is determined BR, and the contractor provides documentation that costs were incurred during evaluation and determination of BR, the contracting officer will negotiate a reduced contract price, not-to exceed (NTE) $___________associated with the repair effort to reflect the BR status of the equipment. The T&E fee (if asset is determined BR/BER) was determined/computed based on:______________________________________. AWARDEE INFO & PERFORMANCE LOCATION Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not same as ""awardee CAGE"": __________ Facility/Subcontractor CAGE (where the asset should be shipped), if not same as ""awardee CAGE"":__________ IOT COMPARE REPAIR PRICE TO PRICE TO BUY NEW New unit price:__________ New unit delivery lead-time:__________ ""IMPORTANT NOTE: Any asset for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction per unit/per month the contractor is late - any delay determined to be excusable (e.g. Government Delay) will not result in a price reduction. If a price reduction is required due to unexcusable contractor delay, the Contracting Officer will implement the aforementioned price reduction via a ""reconciliation modification"" at the end of the contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Government's right to terminate for default. In reference to the above important note, the contractor provides the following price reduction amount per unit per month the contractor does not meet the RTAT: $__________, up to a maximum of: $_________. " 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for repair and the contract quality requirements for the COMPRESSOR HP . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS - NOT APPLICABLE 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The COMPRESSOR HP repaired under this contract/purchase order shall meet the operational and functional requirements as represented by the Cage Code(s) and reference number(s) listed below. All repair work shall be performed in accordance with the contractors repair/overhaul standard practices, manuals and directives including but not limited to drawings, technical orders, manufacturing operations, tooling instructions, approved repair standards and any other contractor or government approved documents developed to provide technical repair procedures. CAGE___Ref. No. ;1KWT0 085174-2;

3.2 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.2 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176052984
  - Email: JACLYN.I.PHILLIPS.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/61d3fe4ae5c54d29bce6c2de1ba03c50/view)