# J041--RFQ Repair Services - Chiller Plant Skid 1 & 2 Pump / Motor replacement 36C256-26-AP-1807

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 17:44:55.509-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0449

## Summary

Page 2 of 98 SECTION B CONTINUATION OF COMBINED SYNOPSIS-SOLICITATION 1. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, in conjunction with FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures for Certain Commercial Items as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. 2. The combined synopsis/solicitation number is 36C25626Q0449. 3. Solicitation documents and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2025-06 (eff. 10/01/2025) 4. This requirement is Total SDVOSB Set Aside. The North American Industry Classification System number is 333415 with a size standard of 1,250 Employee. 5. Place of Performance: Alexxander VA Medical Center 2495 Shreveport Hwy, Pineville, LA 71360 6. The period of performance will begin on the date of award and will continue for 120 calendar days from the issuance of the Notice to Proceed. 7. All questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist, Rhonda Gibson at Rhonda.gibson2@va.gov no later than 10:00A.M. Central Time on 6 Mar 2026. 8. Quotes are due no later than 11 Mar 2026 at 10:00A.M. Central Time and shall be submitted electronically via e-mail to the Contract Specialist, Rhonda Gibson at rhonda.gibson2@va.gov APPLICABLE Provisions and Clauses: The provision at 52.212-1 Introduction to Offerors Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The provision at 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS (JAN 1999) applies to this acquisition. All offers shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Items. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and a statement. The addendum to FAR 52.212-4 also applies to this acquisition. The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and all additional FAR clauses cited in the clause are applicable to the acquisition. Addendum to FAR 52.212-4 Show FAR clauses followed by VAAR clauses in numeric order. Solicitation contains a list of all clauses incorporated by reference in numeric order under 52.252-2 (see below), starting first with FAR and followed by VAAR.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f4384069e7f34fb59db93de77220712a/view