---
layout: default
title: Maintenance and Repair Service for ThermoFisher Mass Spectrophotometer Equipment
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 113cff4a03394721b80bc74091f444f2
---

# Maintenance and Repair Service for ThermoFisher Mass Spectrophotometer Equipment

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 16:30:37.176-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIA-01187

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION-COMPETITIVE Title: Proteomics Service This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is PCA-NIA-01187 and the solicitation is issued as request for quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Part 13 —Simplified Acquisition Procedures; and FAR Part 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items and is not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. A fixed-price type of purchase order is contemplated for this requirement. The purpose of this requirement is to procure maintenance support services for ThermoFisher-manufactured laboratory equipment owned and operated by the National Institute on Aging. The contractor shall provide all resources necessary to accomplish the tasks and deliverables described in this Statement of Work (SOW). See Attachment 1 – Purchase Description or Statement of Work, for additional details. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 811210 – Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance, and the small business size standard $34 million or less. Line Items: Through this procurement NIA anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for Maintenance and Repair Service for ThermoFisher Mass Spectrophotometer Equipment (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable) as described in Attachment 1 – Purchase Description or Statement of Work. Below is a table that contains the line item numbers and description of the brand name or equal requirement for the anticipated award. Line No. Description 1- Thermo Electron instruments: Orbitrap Eclipse ETD Ready Serial Number: FSN40244 2- Ultimate 3000 NCS-3500RS Nano Nano-Cap-S Serial Number: 8179074 3- Dionex WPS-3000TPL RS Autosampler Serial Number: 8179259 Project Requirements: Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to provide the required equipment as described in the Purchase Description. Please see Attachment 1 – Purchase Description for the complete description and details of the requirement. 7. The anticipated POP- Base year: 4/13/2026 thru 4/12/2027 Option year one: 4/13/2027 thru 4/12/2028 Option year two: Base year 4/13/2028 thru 4/12/2029 Additional details are identified in Attachment #1 - Purchase Description or Statement of Work The provision at FAR clause 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The provision at FAR clause 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following is provided as an addendum to clause 52.212-2: The award resulting from this solicitation will be made to the responsible Offeror whose quote is most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Lowest Price Technical Acceptable (LPTA) Evaluations will be based on the demonstrated capabilities of the prospective Offeror in relation to the needs of the project. The merits of each quote will be evaluated carefully. Each quote must document the feasibility of successful implementation of the requirements of this solicitation. The Offeror must submit information sufficient to evaluate its quotes based on the detailed factors listed below. Technical Evaluation Criteria As part of the Technical Quote, the Offeror shall include the following: 1. Technical Capability and Functionality NIA shall evaluate the offeror’s technical approach for overall capability and functionality in relation to the General Requirement, Salient Characteristics, Quantity and Deliverables as described in the Statement of Work. 2. Contract Management and Customer Support NIA shall evaluate the offeror’s ability to provide a high level of customer service, particularly in the area of initial responsiveness and resolution of device and service problems. Specifically, the Government will evaluate the Offeror’s capability based on its description of any applicable warranty, customer support process. 3. Past Performance The Offeror should provide past performance information. Past performance information should cover a minimum of 1 year in relevant services and deliveries of comparable systems. The Offeror should provide at least one reference for any project identified under the experience factor that has a performance period within the past three years. For each reference, the offeror should provide: (1) Organization/contracting partner's name; (2) Point of contact's (POC) name and contact information: Current phone numbers. Valid email addresses; (3) Description that precisely explains: General scope of the contract. Specific requirements of the contract. Offerors may be evaluated based on information obtained from references provided by the offeror, other relevant past performance information obtained from other sources known to the Government, and any information supplied by the offeror concerning problems encountered on the identified contracts and corrective action taken. Furthermore, the Government will assess the relative risks associated with each offeror. Performance risks are those associated with an offeror's likelihood of success in performing the acquisition requirements as indicated by that offeror's record of past performance. The assessment of performance risk is not intended to be the product of a mechanical or mathematical analysis of an offeror's performance on a list of contracts but rather the product of subjective judgment by the Government after it considers all available and relevant information. Price Evaluation Offerors price quote will be evaluated for reasonableness. For a price to be reasonable, it must represent a price to the government that a prudent person would pay when consideration is given to prices in the market. Normally, price reasonableness is established through adequate price competition, but may also be determined through cost and price analysis techniques. Price evaluation will not be conducted on any Offeror determined to be technically unacceptable. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision at FAR clause 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Items, with its offer. The FAR clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The FAR clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and is supplemented by Attachment 2 - 52.212-5 Addendum. The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions as determined by the Contracting Officer are necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (October 2018) is included in this solicitation by reference. Additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary for this acquisition are supplemented by the following attachments: Attachment 1 – Purchase Description Attachment 2 - 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items Attachment 3 – Invoice Instructions This is not a rated order under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). The resultant purchase order will provide that HHS reserves the right to exercise priorities and allocations authority with respect to this contract, to include rating this order in accordance with 45 CFR Part 101, Subpart A—Health Resources Priorities and Allocations System. The response to the combined synopsis/solicitation is due no later than April 7, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time (EST). Offers submitted after the deadline may not be considered. The response should be submitted in a searchable electronic format to the Contract Specialist, Jaddua Johnston at Jaddua.Johnston@nih.gov. Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIA-01187 and the Title in the Subject Line. In addition, the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. The Offeror must submit with their quote the following information: technical quote in accordance with this combined synopsis/solicitation in a searchable PDF format; Price quote in an Excel format; the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; and Verification of System for Award Management (SAM) Registration www.sam.gov. Technical quotes shall be submitted in accordance with the Project Requirements identified in Section 6 of this combined synopsis/solicitation. The Offeror should submit a separate business quotes in searchable PDF format. In its business quote, the Offeror shall add the total price for the basic requirements. Any quote, modification, or revision that is received at the designated Government office after the exact date and time specified for receipt of quotations is “late” and may not be considered. Quotes received “late” may not be evaluated or considered for award and may be returned to the Offeror. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions if the Contracting Officer determines that the initial prices are fair and reasonable and that discussions are not necessary. Questions and requests for clarification should be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist, Jaddua Johnston at jaddua.johnston@nih.gov on or before 4:00 pm April 3, 2026. Any questions or request for clarification must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIA-01187 and the Title in the Subject Line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jaddua Johnston
  - Email: jaddua.johnston@nih.gov
  - Phone: 2405690006

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Purchase Description or Statement of Work, for additional details. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 811210 – Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance, and the small business size standard $34 million or less. Line Items: Through this procurement NIA anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for Maintenance and Repair Service for ThermoFisher Mass Spectrophotometer Equipment (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable) as described in Attachment 1 – Purchase Description or Statement of Work. Below is a table that contains the line item numbers and description of the brand name or equal requirement for the anticipated award. Line No. Description 1- Thermo Electron instruments: Orbitrap Eclipse ETD Ready Serial Number: FSN40244 2- Ultimate 3000 NCS-3500RS Nano Nano-Cap-S Serial Number: 8179074 3- Dionex WPS-3000TPL RS Autosampler Serial Number: 8179259 Project Requirements: Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to provide the required equipment as described in the Purchase Description. Please see Attachment 1 – Purchase Description for the complete description and details of the requirement. 7. The anticipated POP- Base year: 4/13/2026 thru 4/12/2027 Option year one: 4/13/2027 thru 4/12/2028 Option year two: Base year 4/13/2028 thru 4/12/2029 Additional details are identified in Attachment #1 - Purchase Description or Statement of Work The provision at FAR clause 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The provision at FAR clause 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following is provided as an addendum to clause 52.212-2: The award resulting from this solicitation will be made to the responsible Offeror whose quote is most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Lowest Price Technical Acceptable (LPTA) Evaluations will be based on the demonstrated capabilities of the prospective Offeror in relation to the needs of the project. The merits of each quote will be evaluated carefully. Each quote must document the feasibility of successful implementation of the requirements of this solicitation. The Offeror must submit information sufficient to evaluate its quotes based on the detailed factors listed below. Technical Evaluation Criteria As part of the Technical Quote, the Offeror shall include the following: 1. Technical Capability and Functionality NIA shall evaluate the offeror’s technical approach for overall capability and functionality in relation to the General Requirement, Salient Characteristics, Quantity and Deliverables as described in the Statement of Work. 2. Contract Management and Customer Support NIA shall evaluate the offeror’s ability to provide a high level of customer service, particularly in the area of initial responsiveness and resolution of device and service problems. Specifically, the Government will evaluate the Offeror’s capability based on its description of any applicable warranty, customer support process. 3. Past Performance The Offeror should provide past performance information. Past performance information should cover a minimum of 1 year in relevant services and deliveries of comparable systems. The Offeror should provide at least one reference for any project identified under the experience factor that has a performance period within the past three years. For each reference, the offeror should provide: (1) Organization/contracting partner"s name; (2) Point of contact"s (POC) name and contact information: Current phone numbers. Valid email addresses; (3) Description that precisely explains: General scope of the contract. Specific requirements of the contract. Offerors may be evaluated based on information obtained from references provided by the offeror, other relevant past performance information obtained from other sources known to the Government, and any information supplied by the offeror concerning problems encountered on the identified contracts and corrective action taken. Furthermore, the Government will assess the relative risks associated with each offeror. Performance risks are those associated with an offeror"s likelihood of success in performing the acquisition requirements as indicated by that offeror"s record of past performance. The assessment of performance risk is not intended to be the product of a mechanical or mathematical analysis of an offeror"s performance on a list of contracts but rather the product of subjective judgment by the Government after it considers all available and relevant information. Price Evaluation Offerors price quote will be evaluated for reasonableness. For a price to be reasonable, it must represent a price to the government that a prudent person would pay when consideration is given to prices in the market. Normally, price reasonableness is established through adequate price competition, but may also be determined through cost and price analysis techniques. Price evaluation will not be conducted on any Offeror determined to be technically unacceptable. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision at FAR clause 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Items, with its offer. The FAR clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The FAR clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and is supplemented by Attachment 2 - 52.212-5 Addendum. The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions as determined by the Contracting Officer are necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (October 2018) is included in this solicitation by reference. Additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary for this acquisition are supplemented by the following attachments: Attachment 1 – Purchase Description Attachment 2 - 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items Attachment 3 – Invoice Instructions This is not a rated order under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). The resultant purchase order will provide that HHS reserves the right to exercise priorities and allocations authority with respect to this contract, to include rating this order in accordance with 45 CFR Part 101, Subpart A—Health Resources Priorities and Allocations System. The response to the combined synopsis/solicitation is due no later than April 7, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time (EST). Offers submitted after the deadline may not be considered. The response should be submitted in a searchable electronic format to the Contract Specialist, Jaddua Johnston at Jaddua.Johnston@nih.gov. Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIA-01187 and the Title in the Subject Line. In addition, the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. The Offeror must submit with their quote the following information: technical quote in accordance with this combined synopsis/solicitation in a searchable PDF format; Price quote in an Excel format; the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; and Verification of System for Award Management (SAM) Registration www.sam.gov. Technical quotes shall be submitted in accordance with the Project Requirements identified in Section 6 of this combined synopsis/solicitation. The Offeror should submit a separate business quotes in searchable PDF format. In its business quote, the Offeror shall add the total price for the basic requirements. Any quote, modification, or revision that is received at the designated Government office after the exact date and time specified for receipt of quotations is “late” and may not be considered. Quotes received “late” may not be evaluated or considered for award and may be returned to the Offeror. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions if the Contracting Officer determines that the initial prices are fair and reasonable and that discussions are not necessary. Questions and requests for clarification should be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist, Jaddua Johnston at jaddua.johnston@nih.gov on or before 4:00 pm April 3, 2026. Any questions or request for clarification must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIA-01187 and the Title in the Subject Line

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/113cff4a03394721b80bc74091f444f2/view)