---
layout: default
title: S201--NOTICE OF NO AWARD 36C24126Q0290 0004 COMBINED SYNOPSIS: INTENT TO COMPETE/RFQ: ALL QUOTES EXCEEDED FUNDING ALLOWANCE
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e799c78112b8470a903d711cdea40470
---

# S201--NOTICE OF NO AWARD 36C24126Q0290 0004 COMBINED SYNOPSIS: INTENT TO COMPETE/RFQ: ALL QUOTES EXCEEDED FUNDING ALLOWANCE

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 15:36:58.456-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0290
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Amendment to a Previous Combined Solicitation Page 1 of Amendment to a Previous Combined Solicitation Page 3 of 3 Amendment to a Previous Combined Solicitation *= Required Field Amendment to a Previous Combined Solicitation Page 1 of 3 NOTICE OF NO AWARD 36C24126Q0290 0004 COMBINED SYNOPSIS: INTENT TO COMPETE/RFQ: ALL QUOTES EXCEEDED FUNDING ALLOWANCE SUBJECT* NOTICE OF NO AWARD 36C24126Q0290 0004 COMBINED SYNOPSIS: INTENT TO COMPETE/RFQ: ALL QUOTES EXCEEDED FUNDING ALLOWANCE GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE S ZIP CODE* 06111 SOLICITATION NUMBER* 36C24126Q0290 RESPONSE DATE/TIME/ZONE 04-24-2026 16:00 EASTERN TIME, NEW YORK, USA ARCHIVE 60 DAYS AFTER THE RESPONSE DATE RECOVERY ACT FUNDS N SET-ASIDE SDVOSBC PRODUCT SERVICE CODE* S201 NAICS CODE* 561720 CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs VAMC Connecticut 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111 POINT OF CONTACT* Contract Specialist Janice Jones janice.jones@va.gov PLACE OF PERFORMANCE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Manchester VAMC 718 Smyth Road Manchester NH POSTAL CODE 03104-7007 COUNTRY USA ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AGENCY S URL URL DESCRIPTION AGENCY CONTACT S EMAIL ADDRESS janice.jones@va.gov EMAIL DESCRIPTION janice.jones@va.gov DESCRIPTION NOTICE OF AWARD CANCELLATION_NO AWARD_36C24126Q0290 0004 COMBINED SYNOPSIS: INTENT TO COMPETE/RFQ: ALL QUOTES EXCEEDED FUNDING ALLOWED DESCRIPTION Amendment to 36C24126Q0290 0004 Notifies of the cancellation of award for the Combined Synopsis: Intent to Compete/RFQ 36C24126Q0290. After reviewing quotes received from the competed requirement for MONTHLY CLEANING FOR PHARMACY IV ROOM for VAMC Manchester, NH via 100% SDVOSB Set-Aside competition, an award could not be made due to all quotes exceeding allotted funding: All quotes received in Open Market competition as a 100% SDVOSB Set-Aside, exceeded affordability. The lowest quote exceeded funding by 23.4%.Â The requested service is not adequately funded to make an award based on the quotes received. The pricing yielded by the 100% SDVOSB Set Aside did not yield a reasonable price with respect to available funding. COMBINED SYNOPSIS_MONTHLY CLEANING FOR PHARMACY IV ROOM_100% SDVOSB SET-ASIDE DescriptionNO AWARD This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 effective 10-01-2025. This solicitation is designated as a 100% Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) set-aside. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 561720, with a small business size standard of $22.0 million. The FSC/PSC is S201. The Manchester, NH VAMC requires monthly Triple top-down cleaning of pharmacy compounding cleanroom spaces to sanitation. All specifications are required by VA pharmacy policy and USP 797/800 clean room regulations. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following:NO AWARD ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION QUANTITY UNIT OF MEASURE COST 0001 Triple top-down cleaning of pharmacy compounding cleanroom spaces to sanitation. All specifications are required by VA pharmacy policy and USP 797/800 clean room regulations. 12 Monthly 1001 Triple top-down cleaning of pharmacy compounding cleanroom spaces to sanitation. All specifications are required by VA pharmacy policy and USP 797/800 clean room regulations. 12 Monthly 2001 Triple top-down cleaning of pharmacy compounding cleanroom spaces to sanitation. All specifications are required by VA pharmacy policy and USP 797/800 clean room regulations. 12 Monthly 3001 Triple top-down cleaning of pharmacy compounding cleanroom spaces to sanitation. All specifications are required by VA pharmacy policy and USP 797/800 clean room regulations. 12 Monthly 4001 Triple top-down cleaning of pharmacy compounding cleanroom spaces to sanitation. All specifications are required by VA pharmacy policy and USP 797/800 clean room regulations. 12 Monthly Place of Performance Address: Department of Veterans Affairs Manchester VAMC 718 Smyth Road Manchester, NH Postal Code: 03104-7007 Country: UNITED STATES PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT NO AWARD General Contractor shall provide all necessary material, equipment, tools, garb, and supporting material to successfully support the Manchester VAMC Compounding USP 797 cleanroom spaces at 718 Smyth Road Manchester, NH. All services shall be performed in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in this solicitation and in compliance with the Performance Work Statement. The contract will cover a base period of twelve (12) months from the start date and include four (4) option years. The company must be regularly established in the business, the company must be able to provide primary services under the condition of scope of work, in the judgment of the Contracting Officer, are financially responsible, and show evidence of their reliability, ability, experience, facilities and personnel directly employed or supervised by them to render prompt, detailed service in accordance with USP Chapter 797/ 800, and satisfactory standards. The Contractor shall be licensed by the State or local health authority in those localities where licenses are required. Monthly services are typically performed in the afternoon, after the day's work has been completed. Additionally, availability for emergent, off-schedule cleanings on weekdays and weekends is required on an as-needed basis to meet facility needs. Contractor personnel shall be familiar with all USP 797/800 guidelines for cleaning and decontamination for the performance of work under this contract. The service performing cleaning should be knowledgeable in USP 797/800 requirements and capable of improving the site s cleanroom practice through disinfection techniques that meet USP 797/800 guidelines. Each servicemen designated by the Contractor to perform work under this contract shall be cleared for access through restricted areas of customer s facilities. The Contractor shall conform to all Federal, State, VA and local regulations governing the servicing and compliance USP Chapter 797/800 and use of approved chemicals and equipment. The company must provide documentation to the Contracting Officer prior to performing any work under the contract. All chemical (SDS) or control substance used to perform service must be submitted and filed with the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). The company shall demonstrate competency in compliance with industry standards for USP 797/800. Company servicemen must be trained in disinfection of Ante & Clean Rooms (ISO 7). All company servicemen shall have their name and their company s name indicated on their uniform or a name badge at all times so they are easily recognizable as a contractor employee. In cases when contractor has two or more employees reporting to work, under this contract one of these employees shall be designated as a supervisor/foreman. The supervisor shall be fully knowledgeable of the location and work site to perform USP sterile cleaning. On each visit the company servicemen shall report to the COR or his designee prior to performing services. Description of Services: Clean Room Cleaning (Sterile Maintenance) Cleanroom Cleaning Services must comply with industry standards and USP Chapter 797/800. This is a high-level decontamination service. Cleaning will be performed in Pharmacy compounding spaces as follows: Total number of rooms to be cleaned 3 rooms, all 3 rooms require cleaning: NO AWARD Anteroom (Room # E 124) Chemo hood room (Room # E 123) IV compounding positive pressure room (Room # E 125). Total square footage of the surfaces to be cleaned. See below, for chart diagram. Width is 11 7 and length is 28 7 x 8 walls Approximately 320.4 square feet (total). 2 NuAire NU-NTE 800-400 Compounding Aseptic Containment Isolators and 1 NuAire NU-PR797-400 Compounding Aseptic Isolator. The required cleaning is to be performed once per month during normal business hours, Monday through Friday (Excluding Federal Holidays). Cleaning will typically be performed between 1:00 pm and 5:00 pm (after morning compounding is completed). Contractor must log in when reporting into pharmacy cleanroom to perform service and log out after service is conducted. All personal servicing VAMC Manchester must complete appropriate clearance through the VAMC security process. Vendor workers must be on VACT access roster prior to entering Pharmacy Compounding space. The triple top-down cleaning work and services will include the following: NO AWARD Monthly (Once a Month during normal business hours) Cleaning of Ante Rooms, IV Prep & Chemo Rooms: Empty and Wash all trash receptacles, replace liners, and remove to designated areas. Clean and sanitize Ceilings with a Rotation of Agents which consist of Vesphene, LPH, Peridox. Clean and sanitize Walls with a Rotation of Agents which consist of Vesphene, LPH, Peridox. Clean and sanitize Floors with a Rotation of Agents which consist of Vesphene, LPH, Peridox. Clean and sanitize designated surfaces including Benches, carts (to include any supplies on these carts) and exterior of hoods w/ IPA and Cleanroom Wipes. All personal items will be removed from surfaces prior to cleaning to ensure a clean surface. Isolators should not be moved. Clean and sanitize all equipment, including refrigerators w/IPA and Cleanroom Wipes; Refrigerators must be moved and the area behind and to the sides cleaned as above; tops of the refrigerator and any coils must be cleaned of any dust or dirt w/IPA and Cleanroom Wipes. Clean all doors and glass windows with IPA and D/I Water. Clean and sanitize all bins and shelves with IPA. All items moved should be restored to their original locations. The mopping system used must be USP 797 compliant. NO AWARD SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: CHEMICAL ROTATION/REQUIRMENTS: A triple top-down cleaning consists of a rotation of Vesphene, LPH and Peridox will be performed on every monthly cleaning. Cleaning includes three primary engineering controls (PEC s), currently at VAMC Manchester; one room contains two Compounding Aseptic Container Isolators (CACI s) for compounding chemo/hazardous drugs in a negative pressure room and non-hazardous IV s are compounded with a Compounding Aseptic Isolator (CAI) in a positive pressure environment. All three PEC s are located in the interior of the USP 797 clean room environment. Cleanrooms should be treated similarly to the OR.Â The wiping or mopping material should be cleanroom-rated and a non-ionic or cationic detergent (to control static) with distilled water is recommended. All cleaning is to be performed by trained personnel using Contractors equipment, chemicals and supplies. Contractor will mix all chemicals fresh on site and utilize a monthly cleaning log document titled Monthly Documentation of Contracted Triple Clean of ISO 7 IV Room Suite to validate all areas were completed and will be kept on site. All specifications are required by VA pharmacy policy and USP 797/800 clean room regulations. Note: If it is determined that additional cleaning is needed due to results of Environmental Monitoring, notify the COR, provide an estimate for the additional scope and do not proceed without Contracting Officer approval. Contractor Personnel Security Requirements: Contractor employees who have access to the VAMC Manchester shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Office of Security and Law Enforcement prior to contract performance. The requirement is applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the investigation is not completed prior to the start of the contract, the Contractor will be responsible for the actions of the individuals who perform on the contract. Position Sensitivity - The position sensitivity has been designated as low risk. Background Investigation - The level of background investigation commensurate with the required level of access is National Agency Check with Written Inquiries. Agency Responsibilities: The Contracting Officer will initiate the Background Investigation request into the Security and Investigations Center (SIC). Vendor Responsibilities: NO AWARD The Contractor has two key responsibilities: getting all employees who will work in a VA facility electronically fingerprinted at a local VA hospital or police station and having those same employees fill out the E-QIP questionnaire that will be emailed to them once the contracting officer initiates the investigation. When the request is submitted the Contractor Request Database will generate an "initial" email with the website link and instructions to all email addresses listed on the request worksheet. This email will indicate what level of investigation was requested and how to complete the process. This is not considered an initiated investigation at this point. A case is not initiated until we have received a complete security package from the contract employee and can forward that security package to OPM. e. Time Frames: Below is a breakdown by level of each investigation handled by the SIC. Times frames may vary due to OPM. Low Risk (NACI) The case is only open for 30 days except in rare occasions when something in the person's background requires an extension. This investigation is done by mail and that is why we must be so stringent with the paperwork. The average turn around on these cases is 45 days. Contractor Quality Control and Assurance Requirements: The Contractor will be required to provide their Quality Control and Assurance program. This program shall detail all steps required to maintain and continuously provide a clean room environment in accordance with published criteria for USP 797 and USP 800 Sterile Compounding areas. The Government intends to take the Contractors Quality Control Plan and implement it in the Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP). Please see provision 52.212-2 for further instructions on how to submit to the Contracting Officer. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: 1. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (DEVIATION OCT 2025) Award shall be made to the SDVOSB class quoter whose quotation is determined to be the lowest price. The respondent must be verifiable as an SDVOSB in SAM and on the SBA (Small Business Administration) SBS website. 2. FAR 52.212-2 (DEVIATION OCT 2025) The government will evaluate information based on the following evaluation criteria: (1) Full capability to supply all Line-Item requirements listed above, at the lowest price. NO AWARD The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (OCT 2025) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (AUG 2025): Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION OCT 2025) (a)Â North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard.Â The NAICS code(s) and small business size standard(s) for thisÂ acquisitionÂ appear elsewhere in theÂ Request for Quote (RFQ). However, the small business size standard for a concern that submits aÂ quote, other than on aÂ constructionÂ or serviceÂ acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or produce is 500 employees if theÂ acquisition (1) Is set aside for small business and has a value above theÂ simplified acquisition threshold; Or (2) Uses theÂ HUBZoneÂ price evaluation preference regardless of dollar value, unless theÂ quoterÂ waives the price evaluation preference; or (3) Is an 8(a),Â HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, economically disadvantaged women-owned, or women-owned small business set-aside or sole-source award regardless of dollar value. (b)Â Submission ofÂ Quotes. Submit signed and datedÂ quotesÂ to the office specified in thisÂ Request for Quote (RFQ) at or before the exact time specified.Â QuotesÂ mayÂ be submitted on letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in theÂ RFQ. As a minimum,Â quotesÂ mustÂ show (1)Â TheÂ solicitation number;NO AWARD (2)Â The time specified in theÂ solicitationÂ for receipt ofÂ quotations; (3) The name, address, and telephone number of theÂ quoter; (4) A technical description of the items being quoted in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in theÂ solicitation. ThisÂ mayÂ include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. Â (5)Â Terms of any expressÂ warranty; Â (6)Â Price and any discount terms; Â (7)Â "Remit to" address, if different the mailing address; (8)Â A completed copy of the representations and certifications FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation (FAR)Â 52.212-3Â (see FARÂ 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that theÂ quoterÂ shallÂ complete electronically). (b)Â Submission ofÂ Quotes (cont d): Â Â Â Â Â (9)Â Acknowledgment Request for Quotation amendments; NO AWARD (10)Â Past performanceÂ will not be considered in simplified acquisition procurements. (11)Â Quote should include a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in theÂ solicitation.Â QuotesÂ that fail to furnish required representations and certifications, information requested in (1) to (9) and accept the terms and conditions of theÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be excluded from consideration. (c)Â Period for acceptance ofÂ Quotes. TheÂ quoterÂ agrees to hold the prices in itsÂ quoteÂ firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt ofÂ quotes unless another time period is specified in an addendum to theÂ solicitation. (d)Â Product samples. NANO AWARD NO AWARD (e)Â MultipleÂ Quotes.Â QuotersÂ are requested to submit one (1) quoteÂ presenting the best discounted price for Triple top-down cleaning of pharmacy compounding cleanroom spaces to sanitation. (f)Â Late submissions, revisions, and withdrawals ofÂ quotes. (1)Â QuotersÂ are responsible for submittingÂ quotes so as to reach the Government office NO AWARD designated in theÂ solicitationÂ by the time specified in theÂ solicitation. If no time is specified in theÂ solicitation, the time for receipt is 12:00 PM, local time, for the designated Government office on the date thatÂ quotesÂ are due. (Time specified is 03-27-2026 at 12:00 p.m. (EDT)). (2)Â AnyÂ quotation received at the Government office designated in theÂ solicitationÂ after the exact time specified for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ is "late" and may not be considered unless it is received before purchase order issuance and theÂ Contracting OfficerÂ (CO) determines that accepting the lateÂ quotationÂ would not unduly delay theÂ acquisition. (3)Â If anÂ emergencyÂ or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so thatÂ quotations cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ by the exact time specified in theÂ solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude a notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt ofÂ quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time ofÂ dayÂ specified in theÂ solicitationÂ on the first workÂ dayÂ on which normal Government processes resume. (g)Â Issuance of Purchase Order. The Government may issue a purchase order to one or more quoters as identified in the Request for Quote (RFQ). Therefore, theÂ quoter s initialÂ quoteÂ shouldÂ contain theÂ best terms and the discounted price. Therefore, theÂ quoter s initialÂ quoteÂ shouldÂ contain theÂ best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the GovernmentÂ mayÂ reject any or allÂ quotesÂ if such action is in the public s best interest. The Contracting Officer (CO) may issue a purchase order to other than the quoter with the lowest priced quotation. (h)Â Multiple awards. The GovernmentÂ mayÂ issue a purchase order for any item or group of items of a quotation, unless theÂ quoterÂ qualifies theÂ quotation by specific limitations. Unless otherwise provided in the schedule,Â quotationsÂ mayÂ not be submitted for quantities less than those specified. The Government reserves the right to issue a purchase order for a quantity less than the quantity quoted, at the unit prices quoted, unless theÂ quoterÂ specifies otherwise in theÂ quotation. (1)Â Availability of requirements documents cited in theÂ solicitation. (i)Â The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101-29, and copies of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in thisÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be obtained for a fee by submitting a request to- GSA Federal Supply Service Specifications Section Suite 8100 470 East L Enfant Plaza, SW Washington, DC 20407 Telephone (202) 619-8925, Facsimile (202) 619-8978. (ii)Â If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued thisÂ solicitation, a single copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in thisÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be obtained free of charge by submitting a request to the addressee in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision. Additional copies will be issued for a fee. (2)Â NA: Applies to DoD. NO AWARD NO AWARD (3) NA: Applies to DoD. (4)Â Nongovernment (voluntary) standardsÂ mustÂ be obtained from the organization responsible for their preparation, publication, or maintenance. (j)Â Unique entity identifier (UEI). Applies to all quotesÂ that exceed theÂ micro-purchase threshold, andÂ quotesÂ at or below theÂ micro-purchase thresholdÂ if theÂ solicitationÂ requires the contractor to beÂ registered in the System for Award Management (SAM).) TheÂ quoterÂ mustÂ enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of itsÂ quote, the annotation "Unique Entity Identifier" followed by theÂ unique entity identifierÂ that identifies theÂ quoter's name and address. TheÂ quoterÂ alsoÂ must enter itsÂ Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a four-character suffix to theÂ UEI. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of theÂ quoterÂ to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FARÂ subpartÂ 32.11) for the same entity. If theÂ quoterÂ does not have a UEI, itÂ shouldÂ contact the entity designated NO AWARD atÂ www.sam.govÂ forÂ UEIÂ establishment directly to obtain one. TheÂ quoterÂ shouldÂ indicate that it is aÂ quoterÂ for a Government contract when contacting the entity designated atÂ www.sam.govÂ for establishing theÂ UEI. (k)Â [Reserved] (l)Â Requests for information. The CO will not notify unsuccessful quoters that responded to this Request for Quotation (RFQ). However, quoters may request information on purchase order(s) resulting from this solicitation with the CO. (End of Provision) To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than March 27, 2026 @ 12:00 p.m. EST at janice.jones@va.gov . Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. NO AWARD Government Point of Contact: Contract Specialist Janice Jones janice.jones@va.gov U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Connecticut VAMC 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Janice Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: janice.jones@va.gov
  - Phone: 860-666-6951   ext. 6613

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e799c78112b8470a903d711cdea40470/view)