---
layout: default
title: Space Vehicle Upper Stage Request for Information
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5e2b8943442d4fd88e8f641d3c9fa244
---

# Space Vehicle Upper Stage Request for Information

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 14:15:17.593-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8819-RFI-SVUpperStage

## Summary

1. DESCRIPTION Space Systems Command (SSC) Space Combat Power’s Orbital Warfare and Space Domain Awareness mission areas field and sustain space systems. Assured access to space is instrumental in the rapid fielding and replenishment of these space systems. Many of these systems reside in Geosynchronous Orbit (GEO). Immediate space vehicle placement in GEO is essential for the success of the mission. The vast increase in commercially available launch service options to Low Earth Orbit (LEO) and Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit offer the opportunity for significant schedule flexibility to the U.S. Government. For the purposes of this RFI, vertical lift options that provide transport to Geosynchronous orbit (GEO) via Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO) are of interest. Space Combat Power seeks to evaluate emerging launch systems for potential integration into its product line as part of a hybrid launch vehicle transport system. 2. BACKGROUND Commercial satellite communication systems transitioned from fully chemical solutions to primarily electric propulsion solutions to travel from GTO to GEO. The GTO to GEO transition time presented by electric propulsion systems is not a viable option for the Space Combat Power mission area. Space Combat Power is seeking information on orbit raising solutions that minimize the transfer time from GTO to GEO, essentially placing the satellites in their desired orbit as quickly as possible, while being able to take advantage of the schedule flexibility offered by commercially available (primarily LEO) launch service providers. 3. RESPONSE FORMAT Responses should be prepared in accordance with the following guidelines: • Utilize either Word (.docx, 2013 or newer) or Adobe (.pdf) software • Times New Roman 12 (or larger) font, single-spaced, single-sided pages, including tables, on 8.5 by 11 inches paper. • A font size smaller than 12 may be used in figures and drawings, but type shall be clearly legible. • Margins on all sides (top, bottom, left, and right) shall be at least 1 inch. • The page limit is 10 pages and does not include the cover page or attachments. • A cover sheet that includes: o Project title; o Company name; o Product name(s); o Primary point of contact, including name, address, phone and e-mail contact information; and o Date of submission. • Completed Attachment 1 4. TECHNICAL INFORMATION Responses should contain the following information: Technical Capabilities • Looking for LEO to GEO orbit raising solutions for 2946 – 6000 kg • Provide Mass/C.G. curve of overall stack from Standard interface plane at 2946 kg to 6000 kg. • Provide description and figures depicting solution • Swap characteristics of orbit raising system: accommodation needs, total system weight, power requirements, environmental compliance • Ease of integration with ESPA compliant host ring and launch vehicle • Programmatic: anticipated cost, schedule and manpower requirements • Interfaces: mechanical and electrical (ICDs, if available) • Technology Readiness Level (TRL) and Manufacturing Readiness Level (MRL) • Block diagrams and subsystems denoting key components and sources • Identification of critical path items / long lead items • Anticipated schedule from ATP – delivery, noting key milestones (e.g. – ATP, SRR, PDR, CDR, MRR, etc.) • Total Program Cost o NRE phase 1: ATP – CDR o NRE phase 2: CDR - 1st article delivery (post CDR) o RE phase: additional units (dependent on mass that can be transported, QTY 20) Business and Contracting Information • Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) pricing • Available contract vehicles • Estimated production lead times • Intellectual property/licensing considerations 5. ADMINISTRATION Questions and requests for clarifications on this RFI may be submitted to kevin.boyle.12.ctr@spaceforce.mil with a courtesy copy to devan.shivers@spaceforce.mil no later than Wednesday, 15 April 2026 at 12:00 PM PDT. Answers will be provided to all interested parties no later than Friday, 24 April 2026. 6. RFI RESPONSES Interested parties are requested to provide responses meeting the requirements described in Section 3 and provide a completed copy of Attachment 1 via Department of Defense (DoD) SAFE (http://safe.apps.mil) to heeyeun.joo.1@spaceforce.mil, kevin.boyle.12.ctr@spaceforce.mil and devan.shivers@spaceforce.mil no later than the closing date provided in the General Information section. Information packages and all inquiries shall be encrypted on DoD SAFE using the encryption key “DueDate051520261200PM.” Once the information has been sent, please email a notice WITHOUT ATTACHMENTS to heeyeun.joo.1@spaceforce.mil and with a courtesy copy to kevin.boyle.12.ctr@spaceforce.mil and devan.shivers@spaceforce.mil indicating a drop has been made. Please place attention: “Response to FA8819-RFI-SVUpperStage” in the subject line of your e-mail. After reviewing comments, the Government may set up a teleconference to discuss. Vendors submitting confidential business information or proprietary information bear the sole responsibility for appropriately marking the information. 7. NOTICE Vendors are advised, the Government may use non-government personnel to assist in collecting and reviewing market information and in providing technical advice to the U.S. Government team. Proprietary information submitted in response to this RFI will be protected from unauthorized disclosure as required by Subsection 27 of the Office of Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 423) (hereinafter referred to as “the Procurement Integrity Act,” or “the Act”), and as implemented in the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO). Supporting personnel are procurement officials within the meaning of the Act and will take all necessary action to preclude unauthorized use or disclosure of vendor’s proprietary data. By submitting a response, a company will be deemed to understand that, and agree to, the Government allowing its support contractor, with the appropriate Non-Disclosure Agreement in place, to access any information submitted in relation to this RFI. 8. DISCLAIMER This RFI is a market research tool to determine the availability and adequacy of potential solutions prior to determining the acquisition strategy and issuance of a solicitation. The Government will not reimburse any costs resulting from information received from potential sources in response to this RFI. This RFI is for informational and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation for bids or proposals or a commitment by the Government. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive or sole source contract.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Heeyeun Joo
  - Email: heeyeun.joo.1@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 310-653-7697
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Devan Shivers
  - Email: devan.shivers@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 312-633-5584

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: 4. TECHNICAL INFORMATION Responses should contain the following information: Technical Capabilities • Looking for LEO to GEO orbit raising solutions for 2946 – 6000 kg • Provide Mass/C.G. curve of overall stack from Standard interface plane at 2946 kg to 6000 kg. • Provide description and figures depicting solution • Swap characteristics of orbit raising system: accommodation needs, total system weight, power requirements, environmental compliance • Ease of integration with ESPA compliant host ring and launch vehicle • Programmatic: anticipated cost, schedule and manpower requirements • Interfaces: mechanical and electrical (ICDs, if available) • Technology Readiness Level (TRL) and Manufacturing Readiness Level (MRL) • Block diagrams and subsystems denoting key components and sources • Identification of critical path items / long lead items • Anticipated schedule from ATP – delivery, noting key milestones (e.g. – ATP, SRR, PDR, CDR, MRR, etc.) • Total Program Cost o NRE phase 1: ATP – CDR o NRE phase 2: CDR - 1st article delivery (post CDR) o RE phase: additional units (dependent on mass that can be transported, QTY 20) Business and Contracting Information • Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) pricing • Available contract vehicles • Estimated production lead times • Intellectual property/licensing considerations 5. ADMINISTRATION Questions and requests for clarifications on this RFI may be submitted to kevin.boyle.12.ctr@spaceforce.mil with a courtesy copy to devan.shivers@spaceforce.mil no later than Wednesday, 15 April 2026 at 12:00 PM PDT. Answers will be provided to all interested parties no later than Friday, 24 April 2026. 6. RFI RESPONSES Interested parties are requested to provide responses meeting the requirements described in Section 3 and provide a completed copy of Attachment 1 via Department of Defense (DoD) SAFE (http://safe.apps.mil) to heeyeun.joo.1@spaceforce.mil, kevin.boyle.12.ctr@spaceforce.mil and devan.shivers@spaceforce.mil no later than the closing date provided in the General Information section. Information packages and all inquiries shall be encrypted on DoD SAFE using the encryption key “DueDate051520261200PM.” Once the information has been sent, please email a notice WITHOUT ATTACHMENTS to heeyeun.joo.1@spaceforce.mil and with a courtesy copy to kevin.boyle.12.ctr@spaceforce.mil and devan.shivers@spaceforce.mil indicating a drop has been made. Please place attention: “Response to FA8819-RFI-SVUpperStage” in the subject line of your e-mail. After reviewing comments, the Government may set up a teleconference to discuss. Vendors submitting confidential business information or proprietary information bear the sole responsibility for appropriately marking the information. 7. NOTICE Vendors are advised, the Government may use non-government personnel to assist in collecting and reviewing market information and in providing technical advice to the U.S. Government team. Proprietary information submitted in response to this RFI will be protected from unauthorized disclosure as required by Subsection 27 of the Office of Procurement Policy Act, as amended (41 U.S.C. 423) (hereinafter referred to as “the Procurement Integrity Act,” or “the Act”), and as implemented in the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO). Supporting personnel are procurement officials within the meaning of the Act and will take all necessary action to preclude unauthorized use or disclosure of vendor’s proprietary data. By submitting a response, a company will be deemed to understand that, and agree to, the Government allowing its support contractor, with the appropriate Non-Disclosure Agreement in place, to access any information submitted in relation to this RFI. 8. DISCLAIMER This RFI is a market research tool to determine the availability and adequacy of potential solutions prior to determining the acquisition strategy and issuance of a solicitation. The Government will not reimburse any costs resulting from information received from potential sources in response to this RFI. This RFI is for informational and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation for bids or proposals or a commitment by the Government. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive or sole source contract

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5e2b8943442d4fd88e8f641d3c9fa244/view)