---
layout: default
title: JUNCTION BOX
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 0ac8fb1cfa454e31b447b8fc67169841
---

# JUNCTION BOX

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 10:08:59.492-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425QZC36

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N742.11| WWJ|717-605-7574|ashton.k.perry.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|See sections C and E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT (COMBO)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|See schedule|TBD|N/A|N/A|TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| FIRM FIXED PRICE REPAIR PURCHASE ORDERS|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery.|One year from date of delivery.||||| WARRANTY OF DATA--BASIC (MAR 2014)|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332710|500|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| POC code updated. All else unchanged. \ 1. The purpose of this amendment is to dissolve the small business set-aside. 2. All else remains unchanged. \ 1.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders,delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed here in. 3.The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of all certification data CDRLS 20 days prior to delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of certification CDRLS 18 working days after receipt Final delivery of material (235 days) 4. Drawings associated with this solicitation will be made available on the new beta.SAM website, but will be restricted access which needs to be approved. Once access has been requested, interested vendors should email the POC listed on the solicitation to inform them of the request. 5. Quote to be a firm fixed price for the full repair of the item. This includes the teardown, evaluation, inspection and full repair of the item to "like new" or "A" condition. See statement of work in solicitation. 6. A beyond repair (BR)/ beyond economic repair (BER) price shall also beprovided in addition to the repair price at time submission of quote. 7. Do NOT include the cost for shipping material as the government implemented shipping system or ATAC will be shipping/delivering material. 8. This contract utilizes Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV). See clause NAVSUPWSSFA24 for further details. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 1.1.1 DSSP Scope of Certification Material - Material Control Division ;(B); applies to this material. 1.1.2 This ;JUNCTION BOX; contains non-metallic materials which must satisfy the toxicity and flammability requirements of NAVSEA SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290. Use of any material other than that specified requires special engineering approval and may require testing. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=S-5343934-3 |96169| C|SP |D|0001 | C|00000|0000000 DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 | | |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290 | | |A |200324|A| |42| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 REFURBISHED MATERIAL STATEMENT OF WORK (REPAIR SOW) - 3.1.1 INSPECTION - Clean and determine if refurbishment is possible. 3.1.2 RE-USEABLE PARTS - Any parts of the original assembly that are useable (replacement is not necessary), may be utilized as initially supplied. 3.1.3 NON-USEABLE PARTS - Any parts of the original assembly that are not usable (replacement is necessary) must be in accordance with this Contract, including all testing and military specification requirements. 3.1.4 REFURBISHMENT - Upon completion of inspection, this item must be refurbished to be in accordance with ;General Dynamics Electric Boat Division Specification S-5343934-3, Part NumberS-5343934-3/1-101, CSD303, and CSD393; , except as amplified or modified herein. 3.1.5 Additional SOW Requirements - ;N/A;

3.2 Contract Support Library - Additional requirements for this item are identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number ;CSD303 and CSD393; in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 3.3 ;MIL-DTL-24231 and all applicable specification sheets must supersede MIL-C-24231 as referenced in General Dynamics Electric Boat Division Specification S-5343934-3.;

3.4 Thread Inspection Requirements - All threads on threaded parts must be inspected using appropriate inspection methods, inspection systems, and inspection gages/instruments in accordance with FED-STD-H28 series. Substitution of thecommercial equivalent inspection in accordance with ASME B1 series is acceptable. 3.4.1 System 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used as a minimum inspection requirement for threads when the design drawing or design specification does not specify an inspection requirement. 3.4.2 For Navy and Shipyard drawings, system 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 may be substituted for System 22 without further Navy approval when the design drawing invokes System 22 and does not cite governing specifications that specifically require system 22. System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used when the drawing references other governing specifications that specifically require System 22, such as certain thread types of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.4.3 A written request for concurrence must be submitted when utilizing alternative measuring equipment or measuring systems not applicable to the specified inspection system.

3.5 Internal Threads - All internal threads must be formed by cutting. Cold forming of internal threads is not acceptable.

3.6 The pressure tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For pressure tests below 100 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +1 PSIG / -0 PSIG. For pressure tests at or above 100 PSIG up to and including 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 50 PSIG. For pressure tests above 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG, rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 200 PSIG. The pressure test time tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure test time tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For a test duration up to and including 1 hour, the tolerance must be +5 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 1 hour up to and including 24 hours, the tolerance must be +30 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 24 hours, the tolerance must be +60 minutes / - 0 minutes.

3.7 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing.

3.8 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection.

3.9 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.9.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.9.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.9.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.9.4 A copy of the final waiver/deviation (both approved and disapproved) must be forwarded with the applicable asset(s).

3.10 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.11 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.11.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.11.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.11.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Deep Submergence Systems Program (DSSP) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at NAVICP-Mech may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.11.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.11.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption.

3.12 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. 3.12.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.12.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative.

3.13 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured/performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately."

3.14 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.14.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.14.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.14.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.14.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.14.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.14.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.14.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.14.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.14.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM.

3.15 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in DSSP systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to all required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). 3.15.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order.

3.16 Material Traceability - Traceability markings must be permanently applied to the material in accordance with MIL-STD-792 or to a tag affixed to the material, and annotated on the required OQE. The traceability marking may be any vendor traceability number/code which provides complete traceability to the required OQE. Traceability Marking/Identification may include such items as Nomenclature, Part Number, Technical Description, National Stock Number (NSN), etc. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.16.1 When traceability markings on the material would be removed by a manufacturing or fabrication process, the marking must be recorded prior to removal and be immediately restored upon completion of the process. If this cannot be done or is impractical, an appropriate material control procedure (such as a bag and tag, tagging, and/or tote box control) must be employed. The material control procedure must provide a method of positive control to preclude commingling of material or loss of traceability. The traceability marking must be reapplied upon completion of the final manufacturing process. 3.16.2 The material control process must include requirements for the maintenance of traceability for items sent out for subcontracted operations. If such operations would remove traceability markings on the material, purchase or work orders must specify a method and marking location for remarking. The contractor must also ensure that subcontractor production controls are adequate to preclude commingling of materials during processing.

3.17 Final Inspection - The following inspections must be performed prior to Government inspection and acceptance. 3.17.1 Material Sampling - Material must be inspected for form, fit, and function. Lot acceptance must be based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. The sample size must be in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. In the absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection must be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size). SMALL LOT SIZES - For lot sizes of fifty or less, the minimum sample size must be eight units. For lot sizes of eight or less, the sample size must be one hundred percent of the lot. 3.17.2 The Manufacturer may elect to use Statistical Process Control (SPC) to assure product quality in lieu of the above attribute sampling plan, provided that the SPC methodology/system used provides acceptable products to the Government. However, the Government Inspection Activity may perform their acceptance inspection of the material using the attribute sampling plan outlined above. 3.17.3 All OQE required by the Contract and all data concerning material traceability (OQE to traceability marking) must be 100% inspected. The certification test reports must also be 100% inspected for completeness and legibility.

3.18 Test Certification - When test certifications are required elsewhere in the contract, certification documents must be positive and unqualified. Disclaimers such as "to the best of our knowledge" or "we believe the information contained herein is true" are not acceptable. 3.18.1 If material is received without the required test certification papers or with incorrect/missing data on the certification papers, the material will be rejected.

3.19 See CDRLs DI-MISC-80875 (welding procedures) and DI-MISC-80876 (weld procedure qualification data) - When production or repair welding is required, the applicable welding procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.19.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). 3.19.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the procedures and qualification data report to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. "WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC." WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ.") 3.19.3 The PCO's authorization for the use of weld procedure(s) and qualification data for the specific application as submitted does not mitigate the vendor's responsibility to comply with the requirements of S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, and the contract. 3.19.4 Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings, the repair of wrought material, or the repair of forged material must be obtained via request for waiver from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. Repairs deemed minor or nominal in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 can be made at contractor discretion in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 requirements; however, Weld Procedure Specification (WPS) and Procedure Qualification Record (PQR) submittals are still required. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.19.5 Any new procedure qualification performed under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 72 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 72 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.19.6 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278. 3.19.7 When production welds or repair welds are performed by a subcontractor, the requirement for submission of all certification documentation required herein must be passed down to the subcontractor.

3.20 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Special Emphasis C of C) - The certificate of compliance must show traceability to the marking applied on each individual item, and must contain the following information: 1. Contractor's name, address, phone number and date. 2. The NAVSUP contract/purchase order number (i.e. N00104-11-P-FA12) 3. The national stock number (NSN). The 18 character National Stock Number for Special Emphasis Material includes the two digit COG, the four digit FSC, the 9 digit NIIN, and the two digit SMIC (i.e. 1H 4820 012345678 D4) ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 4. Component Serial Number 5. Lubricants, sealants, anti-seize, and/or thread locking compounds. ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 6. Cure date ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 7. Manufacturer's compound number ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 8. When weld procedure submittal is required by the contract, a statement that the approval date of the qualification data precedes any production or repair welding performed on this Contract. ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 9. A statement listing each contractually invoked Hull Mechanical and Electrical (HM&E) testing by name, and that it was performed satisfactorily. ("N/A" when Not Applicable) 10. A statement to the effect that all items furnished on this contract are in full compliance with this procurement document including any invoked specifications and drawings. 11. Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature and printed name.

3.21 For Connectors, Cables, and Junction Boxes procured to EB Specs S-5343934-1, S-5343934-2, or S-5343934-3, the Certificate of Compliance must also include the information below: 3.21.1 Direct reading of O-ring surface diameters with specified standard.

3.22 For all electrical components, the following applies: 1. First Article Inspection: As specified elsewhere in Paragraph 3 per applicable manuals, instruction, drawings, or specifications. Cables that have been repaired and returned to service will require First Article Inspection to be performed at the time of rectification for use. 2. For C of C involving more than one cable assembly, the date of testing must be marked as the day in which the final cable assembly for the contract lot was tested. 3. Test Acceptance Signature: Contractor's authorized personnel must sign at the completion of all required testing indicating acceptance of all recorded data and certifying the satisfactory completion of the required test(s).NOTE: The Test Acceptance Signature must be annotated as attesting that the person who actually performed or witnessed the test is verifying that all associated test parameters were met. 4. The contractor's internal test documentation must note acceptability by the initials and date of the person performing the test and must be maintained by the contractor in accordance with contract requirements. 5. Identification for each cable or lot of cables tested together and identified with component serial number to the objective quality evidence (test records held at manufactures facility). This is necessary to correlate the testing records to the cables tested. 6. Dielectric Strength Testing: Manufacturer is required to record the required and actual voltage, frequency, and duration. 7. Hydrostatic Testing: Manufacturer is required to identify the hydrostatic test duration and number of cycles (e.g. Cycle 1 - 3 X 100 +/-5 psig for 5 minutes) required and those actually accomplished during testing. Manufacturer is to record the results of Continuity Testing ,in addition to Insulation Resistance Testing, before and after Hydrostatic Testing. Low Voltage Insulation Resistance testing may be utilized when damage to the equipment is highly probable. 8. Manufacturer is required to document the required test value or parameter and test tolerance with which the testing is specified to be performed. This information comes from the Government Furnished Information (e.g. the specification or governing requirement document). When documenting the observed test pressure for cable lots, minimum and maximum pressure observed must be reported. 1. Manufacturer must indicate the required duration for testing as outlined by GFI and actual test duration witnessed at that time. 2. Manufacturer documentation must specify the required test medium as outlined by GFI as well as the actual test medium used for testing. 3. Man...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176057574
  - Email: ASHTON.K.PERRY.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=S-5343934-3 |96169| C|SP |D|0001 | C|00000|0000000 DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 | | |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290 | | |A |200324|A| |42| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0ac8fb1cfa454e31b447b8fc67169841/view)