---
layout: default
title: COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION-COMPETITIVE-Maintenance Contract for Tape Backup and Disk Storage Systems
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 675d2b26b6c64dbebe0a3bd0ae55f53c
---

# COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION-COMPETITIVE-Maintenance Contract for Tape Backup and Disk Storage Systems

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 13:50:19.46-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIMH-01870

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION-COMPETITIVE Title: Maintenance Contract for Tape Backup and Disk Storage Systems 1. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is PCA-NIMH-01870 and the solicitation is issued as request for quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Part 13 —Simplified Acquisition Procedures; and FAR Part 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items and is not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. A fixed-price type of purchase order is contemplated for this requirement. A maintenance contract is required to provide the necessary maintenance for a tape backup system that is used to back up the data stored on the disk storage system to tape. This ensures that no data will be lost in case of disk storage failure. The maintenance contract also includes maintenance for the disk storage system that will provide necessary updates to firmware and immediate service in the event of failure of individual disks or other components within the system. The NIMH, Human Genetics Branch, Section on Developmental Neurogenomics conducts studies of developmental neuropsychiatric diseases. These studies involve the collection of very large genetic, neuroimaging, and behavioral datasets. The data are stored on large capacity disk storage arrays and backed up onto tape for storage at a remote site in case of a catastrophic event. The objective is to ensure that the data will be available with a minimum of downtime in case of disk or tape drive failure. The maintenance contract also provides support in terms of firmware and software upgrades especially with regards to data security. See Attachment 1 – Purchase Description or Statement of Work, for additional details. 2. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. 3. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 518210 – Computing Infrastructure Providers, Data Processing, Web Hosting, and Related Services, and the small business size standard $40,000,000. Line Items: Through this procurement NIMH anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for Maintenance Contract for Tape Backup and Disk Storage Systems (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable) as described in Attachment 1 – Purchase Description or Statement of Work. Project Requirements: Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to perform the Statement of Work below: The maintenance contract requires in-depth knowledge and expertise of the hardware and software components of the disk storage and tape backup systems. Technical assistance will be available on a 24/7 basis in order to minimize downtime for the researchers that depend on these systems. The Government requirement is to avoid interruptions in research activities causing loss of productivity. Repairs will be performed under the direction of technical experts. LEVEL OF EFFORT: The amount of labor hours by the technical experts will vary according to disk storage and tape backup system needs. The systems are known to be robust and reliable so the effort will be a function of unforeseen hardware failure or software upgrades. GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES: The Government will ensure the specific equipment is available for onsite maintenance or repair by the contractor, if needed. DELIVERY OR DELIVERABLES The contractor will provide technical phone support on a 24/7 basis and will provide next business day access to upgrades, onsite support and assistance, and repair, maintenance, and replacement of parts. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS Not applicable. Technical Evaluation Criteria As part of the Technical Quote, the Offeror shall include the following: Maintenance Contract for Tape Backup and Disk Storage Systems ATTACHMENT 2: Technical Evaluation Criteria The Government will award a contract or purchase order resulting from this requirement on the basis of best value, technical factors and price considered. Factor 1: Technical Approach The Contractor’s proposal shall address each area of the statement of work in sufficient detail to demonstrate a clear understanding of the specific characteristics needed to fulfill these requirements. The proposed technical approach shall be evaluated for the capability of the contractor to provide exceptional service and support for backing up data stored on the disk storage system to tape. This encompasses requiring technical phone support on a 24/7 basis and next business day access to upgrades, onsite support and assistance, and repair, maintenance, and replacement of parts in the event of failure of individual disks or other components within the system. Capability in these areas shall be viewed favorably. Factor 2: Past Performance The Contractor shall provide at least two (2) past performance references completed during the past five (5) years with knowledge of the contractor’s relevant skills and experience related to the requirements outlined in this Statement of Work. References shall include the following information: a. Name of Organization b. Description of Requirement and Specific Responsibilities of the Offeror as they relate to the SOW c. Contact Name and Title d. Total Contract Value e. Contract Period of Performance Technical proposals will be evaluated using a summary adjectival rating in accordance with the following scale: Excellent The proposal has exceptional merit and reflects an excellent approach which will clearly result in the superior attainment of all requirements and objectives. The risk of unsuccessful performance is very low as the proposal provides a clear understanding of the requirements and demonstrates the offerors’ ability to meet the requirement. Risk Level: Very Low Good The proposal demonstrates an approach which is expected to meet all requirements and objectives. This approach includes advantageous characteristics of substance, and few relatively minor disadvantages, which collectively can be expected to result in satisfactory performance. The risk of unsuccessful performance is low as the proposal contains alternative solutions which are considered feasible and practical. These solutions are further considered to reflect low risk in that they are clear and precise, supported, and demonstrate an understanding of the requirements. Risk Level: Low Acceptable The proposal demonstrates an approach which is capable of meeting all requirements and objectives. The approach includes both advantageous and disadvantageous characteristics of substance, where the advantages are not outweighed by the disadvantages. Collectively, the advantages and disadvantages are likely to result in acceptable performance. The risk of unsuccessful performance is moderate, as the proposal solutions are generally feasible and practical. These solutions may also be considered to reflect moderate risk in that they may be somewhat clear and precise, partially supported, and/or demonstrate a general understanding of the requirements. Risk Level: Neutral Marginal The proposal demonstrates an approach which may not be capable of meeting all requirements and objectives. The approach has disadvantages of substance and advantages, which if they exist, are outweighed by the disadvantages. Collectively, the advantages and disadvantages present a low or questionable likelihood of resulting in satisfactory performance. The risk of unsuccessful performance is high as the proposal contains solutions which may not be feasible and practical. These solutions may also be considered to reflect high risk in that they lack clarity and precision, are generally unsupported, and/or do not demonstrate a complete understanding of the requirements. Risk Level: High Unacceptable The proposal demonstrates an approach which, based on a very high risk, will very likely not be capable of meeting all requirements and objectives. This approach has several disadvantages of substance, and advantages which, if they exist, are outweighed by disadvantages. Collectively, the advantages and disadvantages are unlikely to result in satisfactory performance. The risk of unsuccessful performance is very high as the proposal contains solutions which are not feasible and practical. The solutions may also be considered to reflect very high risk in that they lack any clarity or precision. Risk Level: Very High 5. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision at FAR clause 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Items, with its offer. 6. The FAR clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. 7. The FAR clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and is supplemented by Attachment 2 - 52.212-5 Addendum. 8. The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions as determined by the Contracting Officer are necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (October 2018) is included in this solicitation by reference. Additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary for this acquisition are supplemented by the following attachments: • Attachment 1 – Purchase Description • Attachment 2 - 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items • Attachment 3 – Invoice Instructions 9. This is not a rated order under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). The resultant purchase order will provide that HHS reserves the right to exercise priorities and allocations authority with respect to this contract, to include rating this order in accordance with 45 CFR Part 101, Subpart A—Health Resources Priorities and Allocations System. 10. The response to the combined synopsis/solicitation is due no later than April 17, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time (EST). Offers submitted after the deadline may not be considered. The response should be submitted in a searchable electronic format to the Contract Specialist, Jaddua Johnston at jaddua.johnston@nih.gov. Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIMH-01870 and the Title in the Subject Line. In addition, the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. The Offeror must submit with their quote the following information: • technical quote in accordance with this combined synopsis/solicitation in a searchable PDF format; • Price quote in an Excel format; • the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; and • Verification of System for Award Management (SAM) Registration www.sam.gov. Technical quotes shall be submitted in accordance with the Project Requirements identified in Section 6 of this combined synopsis/solicitation. The Offeror should submit a separate business quotes in searchable PDF format. In its business quote, the Offeror shall add the total price for the basic requirements. Any quote, modification, or revision that is received at the designated Government office after the exact date and time specified for receipt of quotations is “late” and may not be considered. Quotes received “late” may not be evaluated or considered for award and may be returned to the Offeror. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions if the Contracting Officer determines that the initial prices are fair and reasonable and that discussions are not necessary. 11. Questions and requests for clarification should be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist, Jaddua Johnston at jaddua.johnston@nih.gov. Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIMH-01870 and the Title in the Subject Line

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jaddua Johnston
  - Email: jaddua.johnston@nih.gov
  - Phone: 2405690006

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Purchase Description or Statement of Work, for additional details. 2. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. 3. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 518210 – Computing Infrastructure Providers, Data Processing, Web Hosting, and Related Services, and the small business size standard $40,000,000. Line Items: Through this procurement NIMH anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for Maintenance Contract for Tape Backup and Disk Storage Systems (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable) as described in Attachment 1 – Purchase Description or Statement of Work. Project Requirements: Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to perform the Statement of Work below: The maintenance contract requires in-depth knowledge and expertise of the hardware and software components of the disk storage and tape backup systems. Technical assistance will be available on a 24/7 basis in order to minimize downtime for the researchers that depend on these systems. The Government requirement is to avoid interruptions in research activities causing loss of productivity. Repairs will be performed under the direction of technical experts. LEVEL OF EFFORT: The amount of labor hours by the technical experts will vary according to disk storage and tape backup system needs. The systems are known to be robust and reliable so the effort will be a function of unforeseen hardware failure or software upgrades. GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES: The Government will ensure the specific equipment is available for onsite maintenance or repair by the contractor, if needed. DELIVERY OR DELIVERABLES The contractor will provide technical phone support on a 24/7 basis and will provide next business day access to upgrades, onsite support and assistance, and repair, maintenance, and replacement of parts. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS Not applicable. Technical Evaluation Criteria As part of the Technical Quote, the Offeror shall include the following: Maintenance Contract for Tape Backup and Disk Storage Systems ATTACHMENT 2: Technical Evaluation Criteria The Government will award a contract or purchase order resulting from this requirement on the basis of best value, technical factors and price considered. Factor 1: Technical Approach The Contractor’s proposal shall address each area of the statement of work in sufficient detail to demonstrate a clear understanding of the specific characteristics needed to fulfill these requirements. The proposed technical approach shall be evaluated for the capability of the contractor to provide exceptional service and support for backing up data stored on the disk storage system to tape. This encompasses requiring technical phone support on a 24/7 basis and next business day access to upgrades, onsite support and assistance, and repair, maintenance, and replacement of parts in the event of failure of individual disks or other components within the system. Capability in these areas shall be viewed favorably. Factor 2: Past Performance The Contractor shall provide at least two (2) past performance references completed during the past five (5) years with knowledge of the contractor’s relevant skills and experience related to the requirements outlined in this Statement of Work. References shall include the following information: a. Name of Organization b. Description of Requirement and Specific Responsibilities of the Offeror as they relate to the SOW c. Contact Name and Title d. Total Contract Value e. Contract Period of Performance Technical proposals will be evaluated using a summary adjectival rating in accordance with the following scale: Excellent The proposal has exceptional merit and reflects an excellent approach which will clearly result in the superior attainment of all requirements and objectives. The risk of unsuccessful performance is very low as the proposal provides a clear understanding of the requirements and demonstrates the offerors’ ability to meet the requirement. Risk Level: Very Low Good The proposal demonstrates an approach which is expected to meet all requirements and objectives. This approach includes advantageous characteristics of substance, and few relatively minor disadvantages, which collectively can be expected to result in satisfactory performance. The risk of unsuccessful performance is low as the proposal contains alternative solutions which are considered feasible and practical. These solutions are further considered to reflect low risk in that they are clear and precise, supported, and demonstrate an understanding of the requirements. Risk Level: Low Acceptable The proposal demonstrates an approach which is capable of meeting all requirements and objectives. The approach includes both advantageous and disadvantageous characteristics of substance, where the advantages are not outweighed by the disadvantages. Collectively, the advantages and disadvantages are likely to result in acceptable performance. The risk of unsuccessful performance is moderate, as the proposal solutions are generally feasible and practical. These solutions may also be considered to reflect moderate risk in that they may be somewhat clear and precise, partially supported, and/or demonstrate a general understanding of the requirements. Risk Level: Neutral Marginal The proposal demonstrates an approach which may not be capable of meeting all requirements and objectives. The approach has disadvantages of substance and advantages, which if they exist, are outweighed by the disadvantages. Collectively, the advantages and disadvantages present a low or questionable likelihood of resulting in satisfactory performance. The risk of unsuccessful performance is high as the proposal contains solutions which may not be feasible and practical. These solutions may also be considered to reflect high risk in that they lack clarity and precision, are generally unsupported, and/or do not demonstrate a complete understanding of the requirements. Risk Level: High Unacceptable The proposal demonstrates an approach which, based on a very high risk, will very likely not be capable of meeting all requirements and objectives. This approach has several disadvantages of substance, and advantages which, if they exist, are outweighed by disadvantages. Collectively, the advantages and disadvantages are unlikely to result in satisfactory performance. The risk of unsuccessful performance is very high as the proposal contains solutions which are not feasible and practical. The solutions may also be considered to reflect very high risk in that they lack any clarity or precision. Risk Level: Very High 5. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision at FAR clause 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Items, with its offer. 6. The FAR clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. 7. The FAR clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and is supplemented by Attachment 2 - 52.212-5 Addendum. 8. The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions as determined by the Contracting Officer are necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (October 2018) is included in this solicitation by reference. Additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary for this acquisition are supplemented by the following attachments: • Attachment 1 – Purchase Description • Attachment 2 - 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items • Attachment 3 – Invoice Instructions 9. This is not a rated order under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). The resultant purchase order will provide that HHS reserves the right to exercise priorities and allocations authority with respect to this contract, to include rating this order in accordance with 45 CFR Part 101, Subpart A—Health Resources Priorities and Allocations System. 10. The response to the combined synopsis/solicitation is due no later than April 17, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time (EST). Offers submitted after the deadline may not be considered. The response should be submitted in a searchable electronic format to the Contract Specialist, Jaddua Johnston at jaddua.johnston@nih.gov. Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIMH-01870 and the Title in the Subject Line. In addition, the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. The Offeror must submit with their quote the following information: • technical quote in accordance with this combined synopsis/solicitation in a searchable PDF format; • Price quote in an Excel format; • the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; and • Verification of System for Award Management (SAM) Registration www.sam.gov. Technical quotes shall be submitted in accordance with the Project Requirements identified in Section 6 of this combined synopsis/solicitation. The Offeror should submit a separate business quotes in searchable PDF format. In its business quote, the Offeror shall add the total price for the basic requirements. Any quote, modification, or revision that is received at the designated Government office after the exact date and time specified for receipt of quotations is “late” and may not be considered. Quotes received “late” may not be evaluated or considered for award and may be returned to the Offeror. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions if the Contracting Officer determines that the initial prices are fair and reasonable and that discussions are not necessary. 11. Questions and requests for clarification should be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist, Jaddua Johnston at jaddua.johnston@nih.gov. Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIMH-01870 and the Title in the Subject Line

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/675d2b26b6c64dbebe0a3bd0ae55f53c/view)