---
layout: default
title: 59--CORD ASSEMBLY,ELECT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d6b149c91d8440ae9ac3b91676d18461
---

# 59--CORD ASSEMBLY,ELECT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 03:59:43.768-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RND68

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|See specifications Section C and Section E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8||||||||| INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE POINT|6||||||| DESIRED AND REQUIRED TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|29|0001AA|11|317|0001AB|26|317|0001AC|25|317||||||||||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; COMBO - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material |N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)- BASIC (DEC 2019)|2||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery.|One year from date of delivery.||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (JAN 2025)|4||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS (FEB 2024)|4||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|335931|600|||||||||||| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS -- COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (NOV 2021)|2||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|Firm-fixed price| ALTERATIONS IN SOLICITATION (APR 1984)|3|||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| 1. This requirement is pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). 2. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 4. If requirement will be packaged at a location different from the offeror?s address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 5. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be ;DO; certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 6. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page under Contract Opportunities on SAM.gov website. After requesting access, send an email to the POC listed on the solicitation. 7. NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers IAW FAR 13.106(a)(2). \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the CORD ASSEMBLY,ELECT . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=6292767 |53711| B|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7552006 |53711| B|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7552008 |53711| B|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7552009 |53711| A|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7609476 |53711| A|VD |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG | | |2 |990816|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the CORD ASSEMBLY,ELECT furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;7609476; cage ;53711; .

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-129; .

3.3 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 3.4.1 NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG - Manufacture of this item requires vendor certification in accordance with NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG. 3.4.2 ;Submarine outboard cable assembly that must be in compliance with molding manual NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG. Product must be manufactured by a PRO-020 certified vendor with a copy of a Test Inspection Report accompanying each cable assembly delivered. The manual provides minimum guidelines for cable assembly molding, inspection, and testing. Vendors are audited for compliance with personnel training/certification requirements, safety and environmental controls, and equipment requirements.;

3.5 Source Control Item - Previous delivery of the specified National Stock Number or similar item manufactured to technical procurement specifications and/or drawings supplied by a Government activity or Price Contractor does not in itself qualify a supplier as a Government approved source. Only those sources for this item previously approved by the Government have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new supplier is normally such that award cannot be delayed pending approval of the new source. If you have not been solicited and you can furnish either (a) proof of your prior approval as a supplier of this item, or (b) data showing you have produced the same or similar items satisfactorily for the Government or a commercial source, or (c) test data indicating your product can meet service operating requirements, or (d) other pertinent data concerning your qualificatin to produce the required item, notify the Procurement Contracting Officer in writing, furnishing said proof of data for evaluation possibly leading to your firm being authorized as an approved source for this procurement or subsequent procurements. 3.6 ;A Quality Conformance Test Plan (QCTP) shall be submitted for government approval. Approval of this plan is required prior to scheduling First Article testing. The In-Service Engineering Agent (ISEA), Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Keyport Code 435, will witness First Article Testing (see dwg 7609476 Note 22). If First Article testing is waived, approval of the QCTP is required prior to testing the first production lot unit. The Defense Contract Management Agency will act as the ISEA's designated representative (per note 19) and will witness quality conformance testing on the first production lot unit.;

3.7 First Article Test Procedures are required and must be approved prior to any First Article Testing.

3.8 First Article Approval (Contractor Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required.

3.9 Hydrostatic Test - Hydrostatic Testing of the CORD ASSEMBLY,ELECT shall be in accordance with ;Hydrostatic Test-Hydrostatic Testing of the CORD ASSEMBLY,ELECT shall be in accordance with Note 19 (E) on Dwg 7609476.; .

3.10 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.11 Serialization - The supplier shall mark a serial number on each CORD ASSEMBLY,ELECT in accordance with ;DWG 7609476 NOTE 16; . Actual serial numbers will be assigned ;SERIAL NUMBER TO BE OBTAINED FROM ISEA, NUWC DIVISION KEYPORT, 610 DOWELL ST, KEYPORT, WA 98345, SUBMARINE UNDERSEA DEFENSIVE SYSTEMS BRANCH. Send request to NUWC_KYPT_SerialNumber@navy.mil Report unused serial numbers to NUWC_KYPT_SerialNumber@navy.mil Transfer of unused serial numbers to other contracts is prohibited unless authorized by the NAVUNSEAWARCENDIV.; .

3.12 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the SPCC Contracting Officer has been notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, or a detailed description of the change, explaining the reason therefore. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings inthe form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE/MINOR DESIGN CHANGE - If the Manufacturer's Part Number or item design indicated thereon has changed, but form, fit and function of the item is not affected thereby, and the design change meets the criteria for minor, by not effecting form, fit, function, reliability or safety , supply the item and advise SPCC immediately of the new part number, furnishing a detail drawing and/or a detailed description of the change, as applicable. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.13 Vendor Waivers/Deviations - Compliance with the delivery date and technical requirements of NAVICP-MECH Repair Part Material contracts is expected. As a cautionary note, seller intended use of any material which is not in full compliance with the specified contract technical requirements shall be identified as an exception in response to this solicitation. Request for delivery date extensions and waivers/deviations shall be accompanied by an explanation of the cause for the delay, or the reason for the requested nonconformance to this solicitation in the event the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) concurs with your request. Request for waivers/deviations shall provide justification for the requested change including an evaluation which demonstrates that proposed nonconformance will not affect the quality, form, fit, or function of the part. Requests for Waiver/Deviations shall be presented to the Government Quality Assurance Representative (QAR) for comment. (The QAR shall forward the request, with their comments, directly to the post award PCO within five working days after receipt.)

3.14 Contract Support Library - Additional requirements for this item are identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number ;CSD023; in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 3.15 ;FAT is required IAW DWG 7609476 Rev A note 23. FA testing shall be conducted if suggested source of supply identified in note 22 has not been qualified & Approved by NAVSEA. FA testing / Quality Conformance Testing shall be conducted IAW requirements denoted in note 19 and the PRO-20 Manual, VOL II.; 3.16 ;Referencing note 4 of 7609476, the cable shall conform to the requirements of drawing 53711-8292767 and qualification testing shall be performed if cable is procured from a source other than suggest source supply. Vendor should track the bulk Cable, ITEM NO. 4, according to the supplier's production runs. A production run is defined as bulk cable manufactured using the same constituents under a single contract as indicated on the cable jacket.; 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Quality System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain a quality system acceptable to the Government. The quality system requirements shall be in accordance with ISO 9001. 4.2.1 ;Suppliers currently using and maintaining Inspection System Requirements to MIL-I-45208 are granted permission to utilize this if desired.;

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies.

4.5 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208.

4.6 First Article Test Procedures - (Government Approval) - The Contractor shall prepare and submit test procedures in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). The test procedures shall be approved prior to production. There is hereby created an option for the Government to waive the requirement for submission of a test procedure. If the Offeror has had its test procedure previously approved by the Government, furnish the name of the approval activity, date of approval, and contract number under which the test procedure was approved. In the event the Government exercises the option to waive submission of a test procedure, the previously approved procedure shall apply to the contract/purchase order.

4.7 First Article Test/Inspection Report - The Contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). The report shall be approved prior to production.

4.8 Production Lot Test Procedures - (Government Approval) - The Contractor shall prepare and submit test procedures in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). There is hereby created an option for the Government to waive the requirement for submission of a test procedure. If the Offeror has had its test procedure proviously approved by the Government, furnish the name of the approval activity, date of approval, and contract number under which the test procedure was approved. In the event the Government exercises the option to waive submission of a test procedure, the previously approved procedure shall apply to the contract/purchase order.

4.9 Production Lot Test/Inspection Report - The Contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423).

4.10 Material Certification - The material composition inspection shall consist of a certification that material requirements have been met. The Contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423).

4.11 Nondestructive Test/Inspection Report - The Contractor shall prepare and submit ;preshipment; test/inspection report(s) in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423).

4.12 Production Lot Test (Contractor) - The Contractor shall perform 100% production testing in accordance with ;Note 19 of Dwg 7609476 Quality Conformance Testing of all manufactured cable assemblies.; . 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;The contractor shall prepare a First Article Qualification Test Plan IAW Notes 19 and 23 of DWG7609476 and the PRO-020 Manual Vol II, and submit for Approval. Approval of the plan is required prior to First Article. NUWC Keyport, N00253, is the Acceptor in WAWF for this CDRL." ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;FIRST ARTICLE TESTING SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE APPROVED TEST PLAN AND AS WITNESSED BY THE GOVERNEMENT FOR SOURCES NOT PREVIOUSLY QUALIFIED IN SCC MANUFACTURING EFFORTS. THE GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO PERFORM ANY AND ALL FIRST ARTICLE TESTING AS A SEPERATE EFFORT TO VERIFY FIRST ARTICLE PERFORMANCE. VENDORS SHALL COST OUT FIRST ARTICLE TEST REQUIREMENTS SEPERATELY. NUWC Keyport, N00253, is the approver of the document and the acceptor in WAWF.; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;The contractor shall prepare a production Lot Quality Conformance Test Plan IAW note 23 of DWG 7609476 and the PRO-020 Manual Vol II, and submit for Approval. Approval of the plan is required prior to commencing production. NUWC Keyport, N00253, is the Acceptor in WAWF for this CDRL. ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;VENDOR SHALL CONDUCT QUALITY CONFORMANCE TESTING TO VERIFY COMPLETED CABLE ASSEMBLY MEETS OR EXCEEDS REQUIREMENTS OF VICD 7609476 AND NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG. TWO (2) COPIES OF THE QUALITY CONFORMANCE TEST RESULTS ARE REQUIRED PER UNIT DELIVERED TO THE GOVERNMENT. ONE WILL ACCOMPANY THE ASSEMBLY AND THE OTHER SHALL BE FORWARDED TO THE ISEA, NUWC KEYPORT. CONTRACTS WITH MULITIPLE ORDERS, UPON REQUEST AND APPROVAL OF THE PCO, BATCH THE TEST RESULTS FROM A SINGLE PRODUCTION RUN AND SUBMIT A CONSOLIDATED REPORT TO THE ISEA. REPORTS SHIPPED WITH UNITS SHALL BE INSIDE THE PACKAGING. "NUWC Keyport, N00253, is the acceptor in WAWF for this CDRL."; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;NOTES: CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE IS IN ADDITION TO QUALITY CONFORMANCE TEST RESULTS. CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE SHALL SPECIFY CABLE ASSEMBLY MEETS OR EXCEEDS ALL REQUIREMENTS OF VICD AND PASSES ALL QUALITY TESTS. CERTIFICATE OF AND DELIVERED TO THE ISEA. "NUWC Keyport, N00253, is the acceptor in WAWF for THIS CDRL. ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;NOTES: SUPPLIER FORMAT IS ACCEPTABLE. A COPY WILL BE PROVIDED TO THE DCMA QAR FOR REVIEW AND APPROVAL.; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Submit before material delivery a Certificate of Compliance per DI-MISC-81356 to Block 14 addresses. A separate Certificate of Compliance shall be prepared and submitted for each unique combination of Contract/Purchase Order Number, National Stock Number and Item Nomenclature specified in the schedule of Supply/Services. ;"NUWC Keyport, N00253, is the acceptor in WAWF for this CDRL.";

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7712290555
  - Email: APRIL.N.SCHLUSSER.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d6b149c91d8440ae9ac3b91676d18461/view)