---
layout: default
title: Optimizing Packaging Requirements for Extended Shelf Life of Diverse Meal Components
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: bfd819319d6542f9819683751322deef
---

# Optimizing Packaging Requirements for Extended Shelf Life of Diverse Meal Components

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 10:20:27.653-04
- Solicitation Number: W911QY26_OPTIMIZING_PACKAGING

## Summary

SYNOPSIS: This Sources Sought Announcement is to assist the US Army Combat Capabilities Development Command - Soldier Center (DEVCOM-SC) to identify potential sources to provide information to determine ideal packaging barrier requirements to achieve a three-year shelf life for a variety of meals, ranging from simple snacks to complex dishes. It involves analyzing product degradation (moisture sorption and oxidation), evaluating packaging materials, and using simulations to predict shelf life and identify optimal packaging solutions. The Government requests that responses be submitted electronically to Jean.m.trumpis.civ@army.mil and Danielle.l.froio-blumsack.civ@army.mil by May 8, 2026 by 5 PM EDT. Description: DEVCOM-SC is conducting a Request for Information (RFI) on technologies or capabilities to assist with analyzing product degradation (moisture sorption and oxidation), and using simulations to predict shelf life and identify optimal barrier requirements for packaging. Specific Specifications: 1) Product Analysis and Characterization - to understand the intrinsic properties of the various meals, a comprehensive analysis is required, which involves the following capabilities: Capability Description Establishing Define acceptable limits for both microbial growth (water activity < 0.6) Degradation and undesirable changes in texture, solubility, and color. Limits 2) Modeling and Simulation - to predict the shelf life and performance of different packaging options without extensive real-world testing, the following capabilities are needed: Capability Description Shelf-Life Software to simulate the impact of different packaging systems on the shelf Simulation life of the varous meal components. This includes conducting sensitivity analyses for various storage conditions. Kinetic Kinetic models for both sorption and based on the Modeling experimental data. This allows for the prediction of how the products will change over time. 3) Data Analysis and Product Grouping - to streamline the testing process for a large variety of meals, the following is necessary: Capability Description Product Identify ranges for kinetic model parameters and group Grouping products with similar kinetics and capacities. This allows for the extrapolation of results to untested products within the same group, which can then be validated with targeted testing. Deliverables: All documentation submitted shall be submitted as MS Word, Adobe PDF, MS PowerPoint, Visio, or MS Excel files. 1. Respondents: The White Paper should be written in respondent format, double spaced, and minimum font size of 10 pt. Paper should not exceed 12 pages, including cover. a. This paper should cover company information (company name, CAGE code, mailing address, and primary point of contact information (to include telephone number and email address). b. The paper should cover the 5 Ws, as applicable. (e.g., What, Where, When, Why and Who. Example focus areas: i. Please discuss any/all relevant current products and services that currently meet or will be able to meet the enclosed requirements. ii. Vendors are encouraged to propose alternative products that may be able to meet or exceed the requirements. iii. As applicable, please discuss how your product(s) was implemented within industry/Government. c. Please discuss, as applicable, proposed hardware used as part of the solution. d. For Foreign companies: Discuss how the proposer will be able to work with the US Government in the future (i.e., US subsidiary or partner) if required. e. Additional documentation accepted (and not included in the page count for the White Paper) includes, but is not limited to, the following: PowerPoint presentations, Training documentation, product specification sheets, user handbook/guides, pictures, link to demonstrations, test data, etc. 2. Test, Certification and Accreditation (C&A) Documentation: Vendors are requested to provide any supporting documentation illustrating safety certification, government approval, test data, etc. 3. Cost. Interested parties are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Announcement. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY This Sources Sought Announcement is issued solely for information and planning purposes and to identify interested sources. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. No contract will be awarded from this announcement. This Sources Sought does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFP in the future. It is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. Further, unsolicited proposals will not be accepted. Funding is not available at this time. The United States Army has not made a commitment to procure any of the items/services discussed, and release of this Sources Sought Announcement should not be construed as such a commitment or as authorization to incur cost for which reimbursement would be required or sought. Response to this Sources Sought Announcement is voluntary and no reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this and any follow-on information requests. All submissions become Government property and will not be returned. Not responding to this Sources Sought Announcement does not preclude participation in any future RFP if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the SAM.gov website. It is the responsibility of the potential responders to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this subject. RESPONSES: Interested parties may identify their interest and capability by sending responses regarding this requirement to DEVCOM-SC via e-mail ONLY to Jean.m.trumpis.civ@army.mil and Danielle.l.froio-blumsack.civ@army.mil no later than May 8, 2026 by 5 PM EDT. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Notice. All costs associated with responding to this Notice will be solely at the expense of the interested party. Please provide business size (indicate your socioeconomic status), applicable NAICS code, and CAGE code. If you hold a GSA Federal Supply Schedule contract, please identify your contract number. QUESTIONS: Any questions for clarification may be emailed to Jean.m.trumpis.civ@army.mil and Danielle.l.froio-blumsack.civ@army.mil no later than May 4, 2026 by 5 PM EDT. Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. Questions shall NOT contain proprietary or classified information. An unattributed list of questions and answers will be published at the same web location of this Sources Sought Announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Danielle Froio-Blumsack
  - Email: Danielle.l.froio-blumsack.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bfd819319d6542f9819683751322deef/view)