---
layout: default
title: Q522--Symbia Mobile Gamma Camera Rental
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 87cdd94fdc444e6299c995fb8e854e14
---

# Q522--Symbia Mobile Gamma Camera Rental

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 09:53:24.495-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726Q0359
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 12 of 12 Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice *= Required Field Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 1 of 12 SUBJECT* Symbia Mobile Gamma Camera Rental GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE S ZIP CODE* 30901 SOLICITATION NUMBER* 36C24726Q0359 RESPONSE DATE/TIME/ZONE 04-03-2026 12 PM EASTERN TIME, NEW YORK, USA ARCHIVE 15 DAYS AFTER THE RESPONSE DATE RECOVERY ACT FUNDS N SET-ASIDE PRODUCT SERVICE CODE* Q522 NAICS CODE* 621512 CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs VISN 7 Network Contracting Activity 501 Greene Street Hatcher Building - Suite 2 Augusta GA 30901 POINT OF CONTACT* Contract Specialist Holly Bowling Holly.Bowling@va.gov PLACE OF PERFORMANCE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Montgomery VA Medial Center 215 Perry Hill Rd. Montgomery, AL POSTAL CODE 36109 COUNTRY USA DESCRIPTION DESCRIPTION Symbia Mobile Gamma Camera Rental General Information Document Type: Combined Solicitation/Synopsis Amendment Solicitation Number: 36C24726Q0374 Posted Date: March 26, 2026 Current Response Date: April 3, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. (EST) Product or Service Code: Q522 | Medical Radiology NAICS Code: 621512 | Diagnostic Imaging Centers Contracting Office Address VISN 07 Network Contracting Office 7 501 Greene St. Augusta, GA 30901 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an Open Market with no set aside. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2022-06 effective December 30, 2022. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 621512 | Diagnostic Imaging Centers, with a small business size standard of $19 million. The FSC/PSC is Q522 | Medical Radiology. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following Symbia Mobile Gamma Camera Rental. Item Number Description Quantity Unit Price 0001 Must be Siemens Symbia GAMMA CAMERA or compatible software so current Montgomery VA GAMMA CAMERA protocols can be transferred. Must include acquisition and processing software and must be able to transmit to Philips VUE PACS via DICOM data. 8_MO Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Name: Montgomery VA Medical Center Address: 215 Perry Hill Rd. Montgomery, AL 36109 The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services (May 2022) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Items. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2021) 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (AUG 2020) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (NOV 2021 852.212-70 Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items (APR 2020) The following subparagraphs of FAR 852.203-70 are applicable: 852.203-70, Commercial Advertising 852.212-71, Gray Market and Counterfeit Items 852.242-71, Administrative Contracting Officer FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders (Jan 2021) The following subparagraphs of FAR 52.212-5 are applicable: 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (OCT 2022) 52.219-28 Post Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (NOV 2020) 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUN 2003) 52.222-19 Child Labor--Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2020) 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (APR 2015) 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity (SEP 2016) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (OCT 2020) 52.223-18 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (JUN 2020) 52.225-1 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (JAN 2021) Alternate I (JAN 2021) 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (JUN 2008) 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management [OCT 2018] All quoters shall submit the following: Offer (pricing) for All Items Listed All quotes shall be sent to the Holly Bowling via email Holly.Bowling@va.gov. Award will be based upon lowest priced, technically acceptable quote in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of FAR 12. BASIS FOR AWARD: As this is a BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO only requirement the award decision will be based solely on the price of all quotes received. Once the Government determines there is/are a contractor(s) that can provide equipment that meet(s) the requirements of this request for quote, the Government reserves the right to communicate with only those contractors quoting the best-suited equipment and service to address any remaining issues. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL ITEMS Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provisions are incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO QUOTERS COMMERCIAL ITEMS North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard are stated in the combined synopsis/solicitation. Submission of quotations. Submit quotations to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. Quotations may be submitted on letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in the solicitation. As a minimum, quotations must show- The solicitation number; The time specified in the solicitation for receipt of quotations; The name, address, and telephone number of the quoter; A technical description of the items being quoted in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary; Terms of any express warranty; Price and any discount terms; Remit to address, if different than mailing address; A completed copy of the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3 (see FAR 52.212-3( b ) for those representations and certifications that the quoter shall complete electronically); Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments; Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information); and Period for acceptance of quotes. The quoters agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. Product samples. When required by the solicitation, product samples shall be submitted at or prior to the time specified for receipt of quotations. Unless otherwise specified in this solicitation, these samples shall be submitted at no expense to the Government, and returned at the sender s request and expense, unless they are destroyed during testing. Late submissions Quoters are responsible for submitting quotations so as to reach the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. If no time is specified in the solicitation, the time for receipt is 4:30 p.m., local time, for the designated Government office on the date that quotations are due. Any quotation received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of quotations is late and will not be considered unless it is received before purchase order issuance and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late quotation would not unduly delay the acquisition. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotations cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotations by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotations will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. Issuance of purchase order. Quotations should contain the quoter s best technical and price terms. The Contracting Officer may reject any or all quotations. The Contracting Officer may issue a purchase order to other than the quoter with the lowest priced quotation. After the evaluation of quotations, the Contracting Officer may negotiate final terms with one or more quoters of the Government s choice before issuing any purchase order. The Contracting Officer will not negotiate with any quoters other than those of the Government s choice and will not use the formal source selection procedures described in FAR part 15. Multiple purchase orders. The Government may issue a purchase order for any item or group of items of a quotation, unless the quoter qualifies the quotation by specific limitations. Unless otherwise provided in the Schedule, quotations may not be submitted for quantities less than those specified. The Government reserves the right to issue a purchase order for a quantity less than the quantity quoted, at the unit prices quoted, unless the quoter specifies otherwise in the quotation. Availability of requirements documents cited in the solicitation. (i) The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101-29, and copies of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in this solicitation may be obtained for a fee by submitting a request to- GSA Federal Supply Service Specifications Section Suite 8100 470 East L Enfant Plaza, SW Washington, DC 20407 Telephone (202) 619-8925 Facsimile (202) 619-8978 If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued this solicitation, a single copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in this solicitation may be obtained free of charge by submitting a request to the addressee in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision. Additional copies will be issued for a fee. Most unclassified Defense specifications and standards may be downloaded from the following ASSIST websites: ASSIST (https://assist.dla.mil/online/start/). Quick Search (http://quicksearch.dla.mil/). ASSISTdocs.com (http://assistdocs.com). Documents not available from ASSIST may be ordered from the Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DoDSSP) by- Using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard (https://assist.dla.mil/wizard/index.cfm); Phoning the DoDSSP Customer Service Desk (215) 697-2179, Mon-Fri, 0730 to 1600 EST; or Ordering from DoDSSP, Building 4, Section D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19111-5094, Telephone (215) 697-2667/2179, Facsimile (215) 697-1462. Nongovernment (voluntary) standards must be obtained from the organization responsible for their preparation, publication, or maintenance. Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number. (Applies to all quotations exceeding the Micro-Purchase Threshold (MPT), and quotations of MPT or less if the solicitation requires the Contractor to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database.) The quoter shall enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of its quotation, the annotation DUNS or DUNS+4 followed by the DUNS or DUNS+4 number that identifies the quoter s name and address. The DUNS+4 is the DUNS number plus a 4-character suffix that may be assigned at the discretion of the quoter to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) accounts (see FAR Subpart 32.11) for the same concern. If the quoter does not have a DUNS number, it should contact Dun and Bradstreet directly to obtain one. A quoter within the United States may contact Dun and Bradstreet by calling 1-866-705-5711 or via the internet at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. A quoter located outside the United States must contact the local Dun and Bradstreet office for a DUNS number. The quoter should indicate that it is a quoter for a Government contract when contacting the local Dun and Bradstreet office. [Reserved]. Requests for information. The contracting officer will not notify unsuccessful quoters that responded to this solicitation. Quoters may request information on purchase order(s) resulting from this solicitation from the contracting officer. Submission of your response shall be received not later than April 3, 2026 @ 12:00 PM EST. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). All offers shall be emailed to the Contract Specialist listed below no later than the date and time listed. Please ensure you title your quote with the solicitation number and name for ease of identity i.e. 36C24726Q0359: Symbia Mobile Gamma Camera Rental Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Questions must be submitted NO LATER THAN March 31, 2025 @ 12:00 P.M. EST. Questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Contract Specialist Holly.Bowling@va.gov. No phone call shall be accepted. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested. This solicitation is issued as a BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2024-03 effective February 23, 2024.Â The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 621512 | Diagnostic Imaging Centers, with a small business size standard of $19 million. The FSC/PSC is Q522 | Medical Radiology. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following Symbia Mobile Gamma Camera Rental STATEMENT OF WORK Mobile Dual Head Gamma Camera, Preventative Maintenance, and Repair Services Contractor shall provide full leasing, preventative maintenance, and repair services for one mobile gamma camera to Central Alabama Veteran s Healthcare System (CAVHCS) in Montgomery, Alabama. The expected Period of Performance is six to 8 months. REQUIRED EQUIPMENT AND THEIR RELATED KEY CHARACTERISTICS: QUANTITY EQUIPMENT DESCRIPTION KEY CHARACTERISTICS # 1 Siemens Symbia mobile GAMMA CAMERA Must be Siemens Symbia GAMMA CAMERA or compatible software so current Montgomery VA GAMMA CAMERA protocols can be transferred. Must include acquisition and processing software and must be able to transmit to Philips VUE PACS via DICOM data. SERVICES INCLUDED: The contractor shall deliver the gamma camera to 215 Perry Hill Road and park it in the lot just outside of building #1 in the designated location near the Emergency Department. The unit will remain onsite for 6 to 8 months from the date it arrives. The Contractor shall provide a plan to minimize the mobile gamma camera down-time for the start of the contract. Installation of the mobile GAMMA CAMERA unit shall take place within 30 days of award or customer need date, whichever is applicable due to construction timelines. This plan shall include anticipated maintenance and personnel training dates. Training shall include the use, handling, and applications training for the leased equipment. Onsite training shall be provided by the Contractor. The contractor shall be responsible for all maintenance and costs associated with repairs and will repair or replace the mobile unit within 48 hours as necessary if the equipment fails to function properly or pass quality control tests. Onsite repair services shall be offered during normal business hours from 7am to 4pm. Technical telephone support services for troubleshooting scopes and related equipment shall be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The Contractor shall have the ability to repair/service the equipment per the Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) specifications in order to not void the leased equipment s warranty. The Contractor shall provide full preventative maintenance and repair service coverage for all contracted equipment. The preventative maintenance and repair services shall be completed by OEM certified service personnel. The contractor shall submit equipment service reports to the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR), confirming completion of said repair/maintenance service that was provided. Contract performance shall be monitored using this report, indicating the timeliness of the repair, the completion of the services provided, and shall act as a guide for confirming that the repaired equipment is operational. The Contractor shall remove the mobile GAMMA CAMERA unit within one week upon completion of the contract. Hard drives that store patient data will be removed by the contractor and given to an approved VA Healthcare Technology Management (HTM) staff member to be destroyed by the HTM staff at the completion of the contract and prior to removal of the GAMMA CAMERA mobile unit from 215 Perry Hill Road, Montgomery, AL 36109.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Holly Bowling
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Holly.Bowling@va.gov
  - Phone: Email Only

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/87cdd94fdc444e6299c995fb8e854e14/view)