---
layout: default
title: H142--Fire Protections System ITM
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 5868f5a03420455f973ef77d3ce28772
---

# H142--Fire Protections System ITM

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 15:11:43.901-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226Q0339
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. This solicitation is set aside for SDVOSBs. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 238220, with a small business size standard of $19.0 million. The FSC/PSC is H142. The New Jersey Healthcare System at Lyons Campus (151 Knollcroft Road Lyons, New Jersey 07939) has a requirement for quarterly, semi-annual and annual inspections, testing, and maintenance for their fire protection systems. These systems include portable fire extinguishers, monitored fire alarm system components (water flow switches, tamper switches, etc.) , kitchen hood suppression systems, and fire sprinkler systems to include fire pumps and backflow preventers. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price BASE PERIOD- April 13, 2026 April 12, 2027 0001 Annual ITM on Fire Extinguishers 349 YR 0002 Annual Inspection on Fire Hydrants 40 EA 0003 Annual Flow Test on Fire Pumps 2 EA 0004 Annual Inspections on Sprinkler Backflow Preventers 10 EA 0005 Annual Recycling and Replacement of Extinguishers 50 EA 0006 Quarterly Main Drain Testing at all Backflow Preventer Locations 1 YR 0007 Semi-Annual Inspection of 25 Wet and Dry Sprinkler Systems 2 JB 0008 Semi-Annual Inspection of 1 Anti-Freeze Sprinkler System 2 JB 0009 Semi-Annual Testing of Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems 1 YR NSP Price SLINs Below 0009AA Semi-Annual Testing of Ansul Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 4, Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 0009AB Semi-Annual Testing of Kidde Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 7- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 0009AC Semi-Annual Testing of Buckeye system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 0009AD Semi-Annual Testing of Denlar system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 0010 Semi-Annual Inspection of 197 Tamer Switches 2 JB 0011 Semi-Annual Inspection of 124 Waterflow Switches 2 JB 0012 Replace Expired Sprinkler Heads (not to exceed quantity listed) 500 EA 0013 Labor Rate for Repairs (see SOW, section F5) 1 HR 0014 Provide Parts/Material 1 LT Refer to FAR 52.212-1 0015 Fire Hydrants, Five Year Full Flow Testing IAW NFPA 291 40 EA OPTION 1 - April 13, 2027 April 12, 2028 1001 Annual ITM on Fire Extinguishers 349 YR 1002 Annual Inspection on Fire Hydrants 40 EA 1003 Annual Flow Test on Fire Pumps 2 EA 1004 Annual Inspections on Sprinkler Backflow Preventers 10 EA 1005 Annual Recycling and Replacement of Extinguishers 50 EA 1006 Quarterly Main Drain Testing at all Backflow Preventer Locations 1 YR 1007 Semi-Annual Inspection of 25 Wet and Dry Sprinkler Systems 2 JB 1008 Semi-Annual Inspection of 1 Anti-Freeze Sprinkler System 2 JB 1009 Semi-Annual Testing of Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems 1 YR NSP Price SLINs Below 1009AA Semi-Annual Testing of Ansul Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 4, Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 1009AB Semi-Annual Testing of Kidde Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 7- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 1009AC Semi-Annual Testing of Buckeye system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 1009AD Semi-Annual Testing of Denlar system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 1010 Semi-Annual Inspection of 197 Tamer Switches 2 JB 1011 Semi-Annual Inspection of 124 Waterflow Switches 2 JB 1012 Replace Expired Sprinkler Heads (not to exceed quantity listed) 500 EA 1013 Labor Rate for Repairs (see SOW, section F5) 1 HR 1014 Provide Parts/Material 1 LT Refer to FAR 52.212-1 1015 Fire Hydrants, Five Year Full Flow Testing IAW NFPA 291 40 EA OPTION 2- April 13, 2028 April 12, 2029 2001 Annual ITM on Fire Extinguishers 349 YR 2002 Annual Inspection on Fire Hydrants 40 EA 2003 Annual Flow Test on Fire Pumps 2 EA 2004 Annual Inspections on Sprinkler Backflow Preventers 10 EA 2005 Annual Recycling and Replacement of Extinguishers 50 EA 2006 Quarterly Main Drain Testing at all Backflow Preventer Locations 1 YR 2007 Semi-Annual Inspection of 25 Wet and Dry Sprinkler Systems 2 JB 2008 Semi-Annual Inspection of 1 Anti-Freeze Sprinkler System 2 JB 2009 Semi-Annual Testing of Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems 1 YR NSP Price SLINs Below 2009AA Semi-Annual Testing of Ansul Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 4, Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 2009AB Semi-Annual Testing of Kidde Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 7- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 2009AC Semi-Annual Testing of Buckeye system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 2009AD Semi-Annual Testing of Denlar system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 2010 Semi-Annual Inspection of 197 Tamer Switches 2 JB 2011 Semi-Annual Inspection of 124 Waterflow Switches 2 JB 2012 Replace Expired Sprinkler Heads (not to exceed quantity listed) 500 EA 2013 Service Labor Rate for Repairs (see SOW, section F5) 1 HR 2014 Provide Parts/Material 1 LT Refer to FAR 52.212-1 2015 Fire Hydrants, Five Year Full Flow Testing IAW NFPA 291 40 EA OPTION 3- April 13, 2029 April 12, 2030 3001 Annual ITM on Fire Extinguishers 349 YR 3002 Annual Inspection on Fire Hydrants 40 EA 3003 Annual Flow Test on Fire Pumps 2 EA 3004 Annual Inspections on Sprinkler Backflow Preventers 10 EA 3005 Annual Recycling and Replacement of Extinguishers 50 EA 3006 Quarterly Main Drain Testing at all Backflow Preventer Locations 1 YR 3007 Semi-Annual Inspection of 25 Wet and Dry Sprinkler Systems 2 JB 3008 Semi-Annual Inspection of 1 Anti-Freeze Sprinkler System 2 JB 3009 Semi-Annual Testing of Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems 1 YR NSP Price SLINs Below 3009AA Semi-Annual Testing of Ansul Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 4, Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 3009AB Semi-Annual Testing of Kidde Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 7- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 3009AC Semi-Annual Testing of Buckeye system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 3009AD Semi-Annual Testing of Denlar system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 3010 Semi-Annual Inspection of 197 Tamer Switches 2 JB 3011 Semi-Annual Inspection of 124 Waterflow Switches 2 JB 3012 Replace Expired Sprinkler Heads (not to exceed quantity listed) 500 EA 3013 Labor Rate for Repairs (see SOW, section F5) 1 HR 3014 Provide Parts/Material 1 LT Refer to FAR 52.212-1 3015 Fire Hydrants, Five Year Full Flow Testing IAW NFPA 291 40 EA OPTION 4 - April 13, 2030 April 12, 2031 4001 Annual ITM on Fire Extinguishers 349 YR 4002 Annual Inspection on Fire Hydrants 40 EA 4003 Annual Flow Test on Fire Pumps 2 EA 4004 Annual Inspections on Sprinkler Backflow Preventers 10 EA 4005 Annual Recycling and Replacement of Extinguishers 50 EA 4006 Quarterly Main Drain Testing at all Backflow Preventer Locations 1 YR 4007 Semi-Annual Inspection of 25 Wet and Dry Sprinkler Systems 2 JB 4008 Semi-Annual Inspection of 1 Anti-Freeze Sprinkler System 2 JB 4009 Semi-Annual Testing of Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems 1 YR NSP Price SLINs Below 4009AA Semi-Annual Testing of Ansul Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 4, Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 4009AB Semi-Annual Testing of Kidde Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 7- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 4009AC Semi-Annual Testing of Buckeye system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 4009AD Semi-Annual Testing of Denlar system Kitchen Hood Suppression Systems (Current Quantity 1- Quantity may change during the life of the contract) 2 JB 4010 Semi-Annual Inspection of 197 Tamer Switches 2 JB 4011 Semi-Annual Inspection of 124 Waterflow Switches 2 JB 4012 Replace Expired Sprinkler Heads (not to exceed quantity listed) 500 EA 4013 Labor Rate for Repairs (see SOW, section F5) 1 HR 4014 Provide Parts/Material 1 LT Refer to FAR 52.212-1 4015 Fire Hydrants, Five Year Full Flow Testing IAW NFPA 291 40 EA STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Title: Fire Protections System ITM Purpose: The New Jersey Healthcare System at Lyons Campus has a requirement for quarterly, semi-annual and annual inspections, testing, and maintenance for their fire protection systems. These systems include portable fire extinguishers, monitored fire alarm system components (water flow switches, tamper switches, etc.) , kitchen hood suppression systems, and fire sprinkler systems to include fire pumps and backflow preventers. Note- The fire alarm system is tied to the protection system, this does not include maintenance testing for the alarm system, only the protection system Place of Performance: VA New Jersey Healthcare System Lyons Campus 151 Knollcroft Road Lyons, New Jersey 07939 Period of Performance: Performance shall be for a period of one year with four option years. Base: April 13, 2026 April 12, 2027 Option 1: April 13, 2027 April 12, 2028 Option 2: April 13, 2028 April 12, 2029 Option 3: April 13, 2029 April 12, 2030 Option 4: April 13, 2030 April 12, 2031 Contractor Certification Requirement: The Contractor employees shall be certified by the National Institute for Certifying Engineering Technologies (NICET) in the appropriate Fire Protection sub-field. NICET Inspection and Testing of Water-Based Systems (ITWBS) Level II or higher. For Fire Alarm or Fire Sprinkler testing, to include Fire Pumps, there shall be at least one Level 2 certified Technician performing the applicable work. NICET certifications maintained by each employee onsite throughout the duration of the contract. The Contractor will be responsible to ensure Contractor employees providing work on this contract are fully trained and completely competent to perform the required work. Contractor will provide the COR with copies of all certification documents. Contractor Responsibilities: The Contractor shall provide all personnel, tools, equipment, training, supervision and supplies necessary to complete all work associated with the inspection, testing, and maintenance of the Fire Protection Systems except as specified in Government-Furnished section . Fire Alarm System: Note fire alarm systems are not included in this contract. However, the contractor must interface with the fire alarm system as needed during testing of fire protection components to verify proper signal transmission. Contractor shall provide personnel to monitor fire alarm system (as needed by the COR) During service where the fire alarm equipment integrate monitoring needs to be set in place to not set off the water flow alarms Contractor shall maintain 2-way communication equipment for real alarms (cellphones not acceptable) All inspections, testing, maintenance, and service of Fire Protection Systems shall be in accordance with the most recent & appropriate NFPA Standard to include but not limited to NFPA 101 NFPA 72 NFPA 25 NFPA 99 NFPA 17A NFPA 10 . NFPA 291 All discrepancies found shall be brought to the attention of the COR or designated official immediately. Any adjustments needed to correct a discrepancy that will not incur additional costs, shall be performed upon discovery with the approval of the COR. If a repair is required to correct a discrepancy that will incur additional cost, a quote shall be provided within five (5) business days. Quotes shall itemize parts and labor hours. The rates shall be in accordance with labor rates established in this contract. The Government will review the recommended repairs and decide on a timeline and mechanism for completing the repair. The contractor shall provide at the conclusion of testing all applicable reports for the appropriate fire protection system. Reports are to be in accordance with the applicable NFPA Standard and Joint Commission requirements of EC02.03.05. The contractor shall provide an Emergency Response Service to provide a qualified technician within 24 hours from receipt of notification (call or email) to diagnose and recommend a list of emergency repairs to regain normal functioning of the systems and equipment covered in this contract. Submit discrepancy reports and corrective action quotes withinÂ 5 business days. Contractor Required Tasks: Perform annual inspections of 349* fire extinguishers per NFPA 10 (most recent edition). Recycling and replacement of 50 extinguishers coming up on 6 years from date of manufacture, in need of hydro, or damaged. Replacement ABC extinguishers being 4-A:80:B:C and manufactured in the current year. Perform annual flow test on 2 fire pumps IAW NFPA 25 (most recent edition). Perform annual inspections on 10 sprinkler backflow preventers IAW NFPA 25 (most recent edition). Perform quarterly main drain testing at all backflow preventer locations IAW NFPA 25 (most recent edition). Perform semi-annual inspections of 17 buildings with 25 wet and dry sprinkler systems and 1 anti-freeze system IAW NFPA 25 (most recent edition). Perform semi-annual testing of 13* kitchen hood suppression systems including 4 Ansul, 7 Kidde, 1 Buckeye system and 1 Denlar system (IAW NFPA 17A). Perform semi-annual inspections of the tamper switches (197) and waterflow switches (124) IAW NFPA 75 & 25 (most recent editions). Perform inspection, testing and maintenance on 40* fire hydrants. 5-year full flow testing IAW NFPA 291 (most recent edition) shall be performed during the base year. Replacement of all expired sprinkler heads found during inspections, not more than 500 per base and option year (total not to exceed 2,500 during the contract period). *Quantities may change during the life of the contract. Schedule: Working hours are from 7:00am to 4:00pm, Monday-Friday except on federal holidays. Specific service time for certain areas will be provided upon award All work is to be performed during normal working hours mentioned above Weekends and federal holidays are not included Federal Holidays which are observed by the federal government are annotated below. New Year s Day Martin Luther King s Birthday President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day And any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a national holiday. Performance Requirements: Work shall be coordinated with facility through the Contracting Office Representative (COR). The COR will monitor the contractor s work performance, and the contractor is required to submit all reports to the COR or designated official. Service deficiencies identified during the term of the contract shall be reported to the Contractor via email. Upon notification of deficiencies, the Contractor shall be given three business days (unless otherwise specified) to take corrective action. All deficiencies shall be corrected within the timeframe specified in the notice. The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer (CO) and the COR when correction(s) have been made via email. Contractor shall adhere to NFPA, TJC, OSHA, EPA, VA Fire Protection Design Manuals, and other regulatory requirements and guidebooks. Government Furnished Property: The VA shall provide one Firefighter/Fire Inspector to aid with entering and locations of service areas. Other policies and applicable regulations: Privacy and Release of Information: VA Handbook

1605.1 Standards of Conduct: MCM: HR-09-0314 Hazard Surveillance and Life Safety Assessment Program: MCM: EC-25 Fire Response/Evacuation Procedures: MCM: EC-41 Fire Extinguishers: MCM: EC-43 Key Control & Security Codes: MCM: EC-60 Any additional items outside of the Statement of Work are not authorized, unless approved through a modification to the contract by the CO. Failure to obtain authorization will result in NON-PAYMENT of charges acquired. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) Addendum to 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items applies; see further below on this notice for details. FAR 52.252-1- Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025)- see further below for decisions factors FAR 52.203-11- Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions. (SEP 2024) FAR 52.203-18- Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation. (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7- System for Award Management Registration (NOV 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.229-11- Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION SEP 2025) 52.233-2- Service of Protest (SEP 2006) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) (End of provision) The following VAAR provisions apply to this acquisition: 852.233-70- Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (SEP 2018) 852.233-71- Alternate Protest Procedure (SEP 2018) 852.252-70- Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference The following contract clauses by reference that apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4- Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) 52.252-2- Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) 52.203-17- Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights. (NOV 2023) 52.203-19- Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. (JAN 2017) 52.204-13- System for Award Management-Maintenance (OCT 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025 52.209-6- Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.209-10- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations. (NOV 2015) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.217-9- Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 Days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed five (5) years 52.219-6- Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside. (NOV 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-8- Utilization of Small Business Concerns. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-14- Limitations on Subcontracting. (OCT 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) __X_ By the end of the base term of the contract and then by the end of each subsequent option period (End of clause) 52.222-3- Convict Labor. (JUN 2003) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-35- Equal Opportunity for Veterans. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-36- Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-37- Employment Reports on Veterans. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-40- Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act. (DEC 2010) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-41- Service Contract Labor Standards. (AUG 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-42- Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires. (MAY 2014) Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits Fire Alarm System Mechanic GS10 Step 1- $31.59 (End of clause) 52.222-43- Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts). (AUG 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-50- Combating Trafficking in Persons. (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-62- Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706. (JAN 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.223-5- Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information (MAY 2024) FAR 52.223-20- Aerosols (MAY 2024) 52.223-23- Sustainable Products. (MAY 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.226-8- Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.228-5- Insurance-Work on a Government Installation (JAN 1997) CL-120- Supplemental Insurance Requirements 52.229-3- Federal, State, and Local Taxes (FEB 2013) (DEVIATION SEP 2025) 52.232-33- Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management. (OCT 2018) 52.232-40- Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. (MAR 2023) 52.233-4- Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. (OCT 2004) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.233-3- Protest After Award (Aug 1996) The following VAAR Clauses apply to this acquisition: 852.201-70- Contracting Officer s Representative (DEC 2022) 852.203-70- Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70- Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (MAY 2020) 852.219-73- VA Notice to Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) _X_By the end of the base term of the contract or order, and then by the end of each subsequent option period (End of clause) 852.219-75- VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) (X)Services (END-OF-CLAUSE) 852.222-71- Compliance with Executive Order 13899 (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) 852.232-72- Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.233-70- Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71- Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.239-75 Information and Communication Technology Notice (FEB 2023) 10. VAAR 852.239-75- Information and Communication Technology Notice (FEB 2023) 11. 852.242-71- Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) All quotes shall be sent to the Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office (NCO) 2 via email to the Contract Specialist Yasmin Moses at Yasmin.Moses@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. Options will be evaluated at time of award. The following provisions are incorporated into 52.212-2 as an addendum to this solicitation: The following are the decision factors: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers; Technical Capability Past Performance Price Evaluation Approach. The Government reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price that provides additional benefit(s). Quotations may exceed minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. Failure to provide the information requested may result in being found non-responsive. The evaluation will consider the following: Technical Capability: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation. The quotation should provide a clear and demonstrative plan and explanation of the organization s ability to perform fire alarm maintenance and inspection services as described in the statement of work. Past Performance: The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the contracting officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; Customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. Price will be evaluated to determine whether it is fair and reasonable and if it reflects that the offeror understands the work. Do not provide pricing for material/parts; Line Items 0014, 1014, 2014, 3014, and 4014 Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. The following provisions are incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: Offers not following the specific instructions within this solicitation may not be considered further for evaluations towards this requirement. As a minimum, quotes must include: (1) A technical capability statement that clearly and concisely describes how the offeror will provide the required services without parroting back each section of the statement of work. This should be a maximum 10-page technical capability statement demonstrating the Vendor s technical capability to meet all the requirements of the statement of work. The technical capability statement shall: a) Provide a written plan which details the approach to accomplishing all the requirements of the Statement of Work within the stated time frames and with appropriate staff. b) Provide a sample report of a completed previous service quarterly, semi-annual and annual inspections, testing, and maintenance of fire protection systems. c) Provide training certificates/certifications: National Institute for Certifying Engineering Technologies (NICET) certification and Testing of Water-Based Systems (ITWBS) Level II or higher. d) Evidence that technicians have experience working on similar equipment and projects at similar facilities (federal, healthcare, etc.) by providing three contract numbers, dates, and descriptions of previous work performed (2) Terms of any express warranty; (3) Price and any discount terms. Price should be for all services detailed in the Price/Cost Schedule. The pricing must be broken down in a manner that allows for price reasonableness to be determined. Failure to provide complete pricing will result in contractors package being determined incomplete; a) Do not provide pricing for material/parts; Line Items 0014, 1014, 2014, 3014, and 4014 (4) "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address; (5) Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments; (6) Completed VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance. (7) Past performance information, to include a) Two to three recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar services (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information) b) Three references or contracts of similar scope and magnitude to be evaluated c) Relevant Experience: Demonstrated experience in performing inspection, testing, and maintenance (ITM) of: Fire extinguishers (NFPA 10) Fire pumps and sprinkler systems (NFPA 25) Kitchen hood suppression systems (NFPA 17A) Fire hydrants (NFPA 291) Fire alarm systems (NFPA 72) APEX Accelerators. If you would like assistance in responding to this post, please reach out to the Apex Accelerator Team in your area. Their website is APEX Accelerators and you can find your local office by searching the map on their home page. The Apex Accelerators offer a free service of assistance with reviewing and responding to government notices and postings for potential procurements. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than March 31,2026 at 3:00pm EST at Yasmin.Moses@va.gov. The email subject shall identify RFQ 36C24226Q0339. Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. All questions must be submitted no later than 3:00pm ET on March 27, 2026. Not all questions will be answered. Answers to questions will be published via amendment to the solicitation. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.215-1(c)(3). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Contract Specialist Yasmin Moses, Yasmin.Moses@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Yasmin Moses
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Yasmin.Moses@va.gov
  - Phone: 718-584-9000

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5868f5a03420455f973ef77d3ce28772/view)