---
layout: default
title: SANITARY HOLDING TANK PUMPING AND DISPOSAL SERVICES
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ac90c19ca2f444e397d1e921d5762dad
---

# SANITARY HOLDING TANK PUMPING AND DISPOSAL SERVICES

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 21:49:00.393-04
- Solicitation Number: N0060426Q4027

## Summary

This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the information in FAR Subpart 12.6, using Simplified Acquisition Procedures under FAR Part 13, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; a written solicitation will not be issued. PAPER COPIES OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE. This combined synopsis/solicitation SHALL be posted on both beta.SAM.gov (https://sam.gov/). The RFQ number is N0060426Q4027. This solicitation documents and incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through FAC 2026-01 and DFARS Publication Notice 20251110. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The provisions and clauses may be accessed in full text at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul and https://www.acquisition.gov/dfars NAVSUP FLC Pearl Harbor requires services for holding tank pumping and disposal services for Commander Navy Region Hawaii (CNRH) Federal Fire Department (FFD). The NAICS code is 562991. This is a competitive, small business set-aside action. The Small Business Office concurs with the decision to set-aside this requirement to small businesses. Period of Performance is as follows: Base Year: 04/23/2026 - 04/22/2027 Option Year 1: 04/23/2027 - 04/22/2028 Option Year 2: 04/23/2028 - 04/22/2029 Option Year 3: 04/23/2029 - 04/22/2030 Option Year 4: 04/23/2030 - 04/22/2031 Delivery Location: Federal Fire Department Training Ground located at Building 17902H Worchester Ave. on Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii. This requirement will result in a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) purchase order; the method of payment will be Wide-Area Work Flow (WAWF). Attachments: 1. Attach 1- Performance Work Statement (PWS) 2. Attach 2- Pricing Worksheet 3. Attach 3- Wage Determination 2015-5689 Rev 27 4. Attach 4- Applicable FAR and DFAR Provisions and Clauses Questions: Questions shall be submitted electronically to elisha.c.wallace-enos.civ@us.navy.mil no later than 1:00 PM HST (Hawaii Standard Time) on Thursday, 16 April 2026. Emails sent to this address shall clearly reference the RFQ N0060426Q4027in the subject line. No other method of submitting questions will be acknowledged or addressed. Submission Requirements: Quotes shall be submitted via email to elisha.c.wallace-enos.civ@us.navy.mil no later than 10:00 am HST on Monday, 20 April 2026. No other method will be accepted in response to this notice. Basis for Award: The Government will award to the responsible Quoter whose quote is technically acceptable and most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered. Quoters are advised that the quotation meeting the solicitation requirements with the lowest price may not be selected for award if award to a higher priced Quoter is determined to be more advantageous to the Government. However, the perceived benefits of the higher priced quotation must merit the additional price Factor 1: Technical At a minimum, the Quoter’s Technical Quote shall: Demonstrate the firm’s ability to meet the government’s requirements as outlined within the solicitation and supporting attachments Factor 2: Price At a minimum, the Quoter’s price quote shall: a. Identify the cost of CLIN 0001, CLIN 1001, CLIN 1002, CLIN 1003 and CLIN 1004 the total price for each period, and total evaluated price, as identified in Attachment 2- Pricing Worksheet. b. The quote will be reviewed for mathematical correctness in all computations, making sure that all prices are summarized correctly to ensure completeness and accuracy. Changes to the evaluation quantities, blanks or zeros in the pricing columns, and/or mathematical mistakes are subject to clarification for confirmation of the Quoter’s intent. c. For price reasonableness purposes, options will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 52.217-5. Note that the evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the options. Rating Method: Technical will be rated on an acceptable or unacceptable basis. A quotation is technically acceptable if the quotation addresses the solicitation requirements and demonstrates good probability of success in meeting the performance objectives. A quotation is technically unacceptable if it fails to address the solicitation requirements or demonstrates a low probability of success in meeting the performance objectives. All quotes shall include a vendor point of contact, name, phone number, and e-mail address. System for Award Management (SAM). Quoters must be registered in the SAM database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov/. Quoters are responsible for ensuring timely submissions are received by the POC identified in the solicitation. The government is not responsible for late or lost submissions. ******* End of Combined Synopsis/Solicitation ********

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elisha Wallace-Enos
  - Email: elisha.c.wallace-enos.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: (808)603-6419

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Pricing Worksheet. b. The quote will be reviewed for mathematical correctness in all computations, making sure that all prices are summarized correctly to ensure completeness and accuracy. Changes to the evaluation quantities, blanks or zeros in the pricing columns, and/or mathematical mistakes are subject to clarification for confirmation of the Quoter’s intent. c. For price reasonableness purposes, options will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 52.217-5. Note that the evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the options. Rating Method: Technical will be rated on an acceptable or unacceptable basis. A quotation is technically acceptable if the quotation addresses the solicitation requirements and demonstrates good probability of success in meeting the performance objectives. A quotation is technically unacceptable if it fails to address the solicitation requirements or demonstrates a low probability of success in meeting the performance objectives. All quotes shall include a vendor point of contact, name, phone number, and e-mail address. System for Award Management (SAM). Quoters must be registered in the SAM database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov/. Quoters are responsible for ensuring timely submissions are received by the POC identified in the solicitation. The government is not responsible for late or lost submissions. ******* End of Combined Synopsis/Solicitation ********

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ac90c19ca2f444e397d1e921d5762dad/view)