---
layout: default
title: 30--ROLLER GUIDE ASSEMB
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: af48cd0b94474d6ca7f8790f2582e5f7
---

# 30--ROLLER GUIDE ASSEMB

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 04:53:44.31-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425QAF30

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N97113A|FEB|771-229-0509|JOSHUA.D.MARTIN76.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT (COMBO)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|N/A|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|JOSHUA.D.MARTIN76.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| NOTE FOR CONTRACTOR/ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER|3|||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|336313|750|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| TDP and Bidset updated. Updated official remarks are listed below. P/N: 5650720 (ROLLER GUIDE ASSY) CAGE CODE (53711) MUST BE MANUFACTURED INADHERENCE TO REGS/SPECS WITHIN DRAWING 5650720 REV_B & DRAWING 5650723 REV_F All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders,delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement areconsidered to be ""issued"" by the Government when copies are either depositedin the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electrocommercemethods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor'sproposal constitutes bilateral agreement to ""issue"" contractual documents asdetailed herein. RFQ closing date has been extended until COB, 21 NOV 2025. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders,delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement areconsidered to be ""issued"" by the Government when copies are either depositedin the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electrocommercemethods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor'sproposal constitutes bilateral agreement to ""issue"" contractual documents asdetailed herein. TO VIEW THE DRAWINGS: Go to www.https://beta.sam.gov/ Click: Contract Opportunities and enter the solicitation number. This gives you access to the Electronic Solicitation. Drawings can be viewed or downloaded. GOVERNMENT SOURCE INSPECTION per FAR 52.246-2 IS REQUIRED. DELIVERY_______________DAYS. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture of the ROLLER GUIDE ASSEMB . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the drawings shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=56292 |53711| H|OD |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5650720 |53711| B|DW |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5650721 |53711|A1|DW |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5650722 |53711|B1|DW |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5650723 |53711|F3|DW |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5650723 |53711| -|1N |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5656985 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=56778 |53711| -|OD |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=9412 |10001| -|WS |D| | | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Manufacturing and Design - The ROLLER GUIDE ASSEMB furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material and physical requirements as specified ;P/N: 5650720 (ROLLER GUIDE ASSY) CAGE CODE (53711) MUST BE MANUFACTURED IN ADHERENCE TO REGS/SPECS WITHIN DRAWING 5650720 REV_B & DRAWING 5650723 REV_F; .

3.2 Marking - Unless marking requirements are specified by a document or drawing cited in this solicitation all items delivered under this contract/purchase order shall be marked and identified in accordance with the applicable Military Standards and Specifications as follows: Mechanical Parts, Assemblies and Equipments - MIL-STD-130 Electrical and Electronic Parts - MIL-STD-1285, Method 1. Electrical and Electronic Parts and Assemblies not covered by MIL-STD-1285-use MIL-STD-130. Electronic Equipment - MIL-STD-454 Requirement Number 67. Electrical Equipment - MIL-P-15024/5 (SHIPS)

3.3 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. P/N: 5650720 (ROLLER GUIDE ASSY) CAGE CODE (53711) MUST BE MANUFACTURED IN ADHERENCE TO REGS/SPECS WITHIN DRAWING 5650720 REV_B & DRAWING 5650723 REV_F

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176054356
  - Email: JOSHUA.D.MARTIN4@NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/af48cd0b94474d6ca7f8790f2582e5f7/view