---
layout: default
title: Joint Base Charleston Custodial Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 12619fbf99be445e840fc29b07aca0bc
---

# Joint Base Charleston Custodial Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 18:28:16.563-04
- Solicitation Number: FA441826R0011

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA441826R0011 is issued as a Request for Proposal for Joint Base Custodial Services. All responsible sources may submit a proposal and will be considered. This acquisition is set-aside 100% for 8(a) small business concerns. The applicable Product Service Code is S201, and NAICS code is 561720 with a small business size standard of $22 million. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. This is not a Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rated acquisition. (ii) Please see attached SF 1449, Request for Proposal, Attachment 2 – Appendix B, and Attachment 3 - JB Custodial Bid Schedule - for all applicable line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s)), applicable to this acquisition. (iii) Contractors must provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, and labor necessary to ensure custodial services are performed at Joint Base Charleston (includes Charleston Air Force Base, Noth Charleston, SC and Naval Weapons Station, Goose Creek, SC) in a manner that will maintain a satisfactory facility condition and present a clean, neat, and professional appearance in accordance with the Performance Work Statement. (iv) Period of Performance: Base Year: 1 October 2026 – 30 September 2027 Option Year I: 1 October 2027 – 30 September 2028 Option Year II: 1 October 2028 – 30 September 2029 Option Year III: 1 October 2029 – 30 September 2030 Option Year IV: 1 October 2030 – 30 September 2031 This acquisition shall be F.O.B Destination. (v) Please see attached SF 1449, Request for Proposal, for a list of solicitation provisions and clauses that apply to the acquisition. (vi) Offers in response to this acquisition are due 27 May 2026, no later than 11:30 AM Eastern Standard Time and must be submitted electronically to stephanie.woods.7@us.af.mil and terry.harrelson.1@us.af.mil. (vii) This combined synopsis/solicitation consists of the following documents: SF 1449, Request for Proposal Attachment 1 – Performance Work Statement dated 14 April 2026 Attachment 2 – Appendix B dated 14 April 2026 Attachment 3 – JB Custodial Bid Schedule Attachment 4 – Past Performance Questionnaire Attachment 5 – DoL WD ITPEU CBA with Addendum Attachment 6 – DoL WD AFGE CBA with Addendum Attachment 7 – Green Procurement Form RFO 52.215-1, Instruction to Offerors- Competitive Acquisition, applies to this acquisition. Please see SF 1449, Request for Proposals, Sections L and M, for Instructions to Offerors and Evaluation Criteria. Site Visit Information: Prior to submission of proposals, parties interested in responding to this RFP are required to attend a SITE VISIT CURRENTLY SCHEDULED FOR 7 May 2026. This requirement includes a wide variety of facilities, with varying levels of service, that are geographically separated with limited points of entry for contractor personnel. A site visit is critical for a comprehensive understanding of the requirement. Offers will only be considered responsive if a representative attends the site visit. No other Site Visit opportunities will be made available. Attendees are limited to two (2) personnel per offeror. Registrants shall submit request for attendance via email to Stephanie Woods, stephanie.woods.7@us.af.mil no later than Close of Business (COB), 23 April 2026. Upon registration, Vendors will receive detailed instructions for the Site Visit. Request for Information (RFI): Offerors are required to submit in writing all questions and requests for clarifications no later than noon Eastern Standard Time, 11 May 2026. The decision whether to respond to questions and requests for clarification made after noon EST, 11 May 2026 shall be at the sole discretion of the contracting officer. Failure of a prospective offeror to submit any questions will be construed to mean that the prospective offeror fully understands all requirements of the solicitation. Questions must be emailed to: stephanie.woods.7@us.af.mil. If there are any issues call Stephanie Woods at (843) 963-4502. All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov to be considered for award. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. Invoice instruction shall be provided at time of award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephanie R. Woods
  - Email: stephanie.woods.7@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8439634502
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Terry Harrelson
  - Email: terry.harrelson.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8439635156

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Appendix B, and Attachment 3 - JB Custodial Bid Schedule - for all applicable line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s)), applicable to this acquisition. (iii) Contractors must provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, and labor necessary to ensure custodial services are performed at Joint Base Charleston (includes Charleston Air Force Base, Noth Charleston, SC and Naval Weapons Station, Goose Creek, SC) in a manner that will maintain a satisfactory facility condition and present a clean, neat, and professional appearance in accordance with the Performance Work Statement. (iv) Period of Performance: Base Year: 1 October 2026 – 30 September 2027 Option Year I: 1 October 2027 – 30 September 2028 Option Year II: 1 October 2028 – 30 September 2029 Option Year III: 1 October 2029 – 30 September 2030 Option Year IV: 1 October 2030 – 30 September 2031 This acquisition shall be F.O.B Destination. (v) Please see attached SF 1449, Request for Proposal, for a list of solicitation provisions and clauses that apply to the acquisition. (vi) Offers in response to this acquisition are due 27 May 2026, no later than 11:30 AM Eastern Standard Time and must be submitted electronically to stephanie.woods.7@us.af.mil and terry.harrelson.1@us.af.mil. (vii) This combined synopsis/solicitation consists of the following documents: SF 1449, Request for Proposal Attachment 1 – Performance Work Statement dated 14 April 2026 Attachment 2 – Appendix B dated 14 April 2026 Attachment 3 – JB Custodial Bid Schedule Attachment 4 – Past Performance Questionnaire Attachment 5 – DoL WD ITPEU CBA with Addendum Attachment 6 – DoL WD AFGE CBA with Addendum Attachment 7 – Green Procurement Form RFO 52.215-1, Instruction to Offerors- Competitive Acquisition, applies to this acquisition. Please see SF 1449, Request for Proposals, Sections L and M, for Instructions to Offerors and Evaluation Criteria. Site Visit Information: Prior to submission of proposals, parties interested in responding to this RFP are required to attend a SITE VISIT CURRENTLY SCHEDULED FOR 7 May 2026. This requirement includes a wide variety of facilities, with varying levels of service, that are geographically separated with limited points of entry for contractor personnel. A site visit is critical for a comprehensive understanding of the requirement. Offers will only be considered responsive if a representative attends the site visit. No other Site Visit opportunities will be made available. Attendees are limited to two (2) personnel per offeror. Registrants shall submit request for attendance via email to Stephanie Woods, stephanie.woods.7@us.af.mil no later than Close of Business (COB), 23 April 2026. Upon registration, Vendors will receive detailed instructions for the Site Visit. Request for Information (RFI): Offerors are required to submit in writing all questions and requests for clarifications no later than noon Eastern Standard Time, 11 May 2026. The decision whether to respond to questions and requests for clarification made after noon EST, 11 May 2026 shall be at the sole discretion of the contracting officer. Failure of a prospective offeror to submit any questions will be construed to mean that the prospective offeror fully understands all requirements of the solicitation. Questions must be emailed to: stephanie.woods.7@us.af.mil. If there are any issues call Stephanie Woods at (843) 963-4502. All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov to be considered for award. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. Invoice instruction shall be provided at time of award

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/12619fbf99be445e840fc29b07aca0bc/view)