---
layout: default
title: 6515--CENSIMARK LASER MARKING EQUIPMENT
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 592ed17e1376407facc02237a4f0b372
---

# 6515--CENSIMARK LASER MARKING EQUIPMENT

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 09:42:24.988-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0365
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Good day, SDVOSB s, VOSB s, SB s This Sources Sought is issued solely for informational and planning purposes only. It does not constitute the issuance of a solicitation or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future. The purpose of this notice is to conduct market research and obtain information from qualified SDVOSB businesses. This is not a request for bids, quotes, offers, or proposals. The responses to this announcement will assist in determining the socio-economic status such as a SDVOSB set-aside if feasible. If insufficient SDVOSB responses are received to establish the basis for setting this requirement aside for SDVOSB s, the requirement may be solicited as a VOSB or a SB set aside in which case all interested parties responding shall be eligible to compete. Please direct reply in the affirmative via email if you are interested and can provide the required service/product for this requirement. Please provide your capability statement, I will accept responses for this Sources Sought until the 24th of April, 2026 at 14:00 EST, thanks. Scope of Work This requirement needs to provide Laser Marking System to be delivered to C.W. Bill Young VAMC (CWYVAMC). Background Joint Commission had their inspection for Bay Pines Sterile Processing service May 2025. The Joint Commission stated that SPS is using too much tape on instrumentation and made it a finding. Presently SPS is using etching tape for etching hard to reach spots and small areas. The Censis Fiber Laser will allow SPS to rid of all tape etching. In addition, the laser UDI will provide the ability to identify medical devices by serial number, batch/lot number or expiration date, important information about a device to reduce medical errors, ability to manage medical device recalls effectively, and improve supply chain and inventory process. The current Electrochemical etching system used by Bay Pines SPS does not work on titanium, aluminum or other substrates so for example the DaVinci RMD cannot be etched, and a tape label must be placed on the DaVinci RMD. Over time the tape label deteriorates and falls apart leaving behind major residue. This is a huge problem with Davinci RMD and most robotic systems due to the limited amount of usage the RMD is allowed. Having a Fiber Laser UDI allows SPS to move away from tape and at the same time Follow FDA regulations and Joint Commission recommendations. Place of Performance The product is requested to be delivered to Sterile Processing Service at the CWYVAMC, located at 10000 Bay Pines Boulevard, Bay Pines, FL 33744. Period of Performance: The product is requested to be delivered no later than February 28th, 2026 Type of Contract: Supply: Firm, Fixed Price. Requirement Overview The Contractor shall provide the full requested quantity of products listed below. Salient Characteristics *NAME BRAND OR EQUAL* Equipment Requirement: Laser Marking System Air Filtration System Specifications must include the following: Laser fume extraction from soldering, engraving, griding and drilling. Must be mobile. HEPA filter. Electric variable speed blower control. Filter monitoring with display. Fiber Laser Technical Specifications must include the following: Markable Materials-Titanium, anodized titanium, aluminum, stainless steel, plastics. Red dot focal system. Must be Censitrac compatible. Motorized Z-Axis base. USB connection. Enclosure must be Class 1. Glavanometer system for fast marking. Must be able to etch small dental instruments with thickness of 3/8inch width. Laser type-Ytterbium Fiber a minimum of 20W output. Fume extraction port. Must meet FDA performance standers for laser products. Emergency stop control. Laser emission indicator for when the laser beam is operating. Laser safe viewing window. Chamber must be able to hold large and heavy instrumentation such as the Book Walter system. Must produce GS1-compliant 2D DataMatrix codes readable by VA s existing Censitrac tracking system. Laser safety eyewear included. Installation includes one week of training. Must include 12 months of warranty. Training: Yes, Quote includes one week of training. Software: No RECORDS MANAGEMENT OBLIGATIONS A. Â Applicability This clause applies to all Contractors whose employees create, work with, or otherwise handle Federal records, as defined in Section B, regardless of the medium in which the record exists. Â B. Â Definitions Federal record as defined in 44 U.S.C. Â§ 3301, includes all recorded information, regardless of form or characteristics, made or received by a Federal agency under Federal law or in connection with the transaction of public business and preserved or appropriate for preservation by that agency or its legitimate successor as evidence of the organization, functions, policies, decisions, procedures, operations, or other activities of the United States Government or because of the informational value of data in them. Â The term Federal record: includes Bay Pines VA Healthcare System records.Â does not include personal materials. applies to records created, received, or maintained by Contractors pursuant to their Bay Pines VA Healthcare System contract. may include deliverables and documentation associated with deliverables. C. Â Requirements Contractor shall comply with all applicable records management laws and regulations, as well as National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) records policies, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. chs. 21, 29, 31, 33), NARA regulations at 36 CFR Chapter XII Subchapter B, and those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a). These policies include the preservation of all records, regardless of form or characteristics, mode of transmission, or state of completion.Â In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, all data created for Government use and delivered to, or falling under the legal control of, the Government are Federal records subject to the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) (5 U.S.C. 552), as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a), as amended and must be managed and scheduled for disposition only as permitted by statute or regulation.Â In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, Contractor shall maintain all records created for Government use or created in the course of performing the contract and/or delivered to, or under the legal control of the Government and must be managed in accordance with Federal law. Electronic records and associated metadata must be accompanied by sufficient technical documentation to permit understanding and use of the records and data.Â Bay Pines VA Healthcare System and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of Bay Pines VA Healthcare System or destroyed except for in accordance with the provisions of the agency records schedules and with the written concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. In the event ofÂ any unlawful or accidental removal, defacing, alteration, or destruction of records, Contractor must report to Bay Pines VA Healthcare System. The agency must report promptly to NARA in accordance with 36 CFR 1230. The Contractor shall immediately notify the appropriate Contracting Officer upon discovery of any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of information, data, documentary materials, records or equipment. Disclosure of non-public information is limited to authorized personnel with a need-to-know as described in the contract. The Contractor shall ensure that the appropriate personnel, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established to ensure the security and confidentiality of this information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is properly protected. The Contractor shall not remove material from Government facilities or systems, or facilities or systems operated or maintained on the Government s behalf, without the express written permission of the Head of the Contracting Activity. When information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is no longer required, it shall be returned to Bay Pines VA Healthcare System control or the Contractor must hold it until otherwise directed. Items returned to the Government shall be hand carried, mailed, emailed, or securely electronically transmitted to the Contracting Officer or address prescribed in the contract. Destruction of records is EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED unless in accordance with Paragraph (4). The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, contracts. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Bay Pines VA Healthcare System guidance for protecting sensitive, proprietary information, classified, and controlled unclassified information. The Contractor shall only use Government IT equipment for purposes specifically tied to or authorized by the contract and in accordance with Bay Pines VA Healthcare System policy.Â The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any non-public Bay Pines VA Healthcare System information that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract.Â The Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected from public disclosure by an exemption to the Freedom of Information Act.Â The Bay Pines VA Healthcare System owns the rights to all data and records produced as part of this contract. All deliverables under the contract are the property of the U.S. Government for which Bay Pines VA Healthcare System shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Any Contractor rights in the data or deliverables must be identified as required by FAR 52.227-11 through FAR 52.227-20. Training. Â All Contractor employees assigned to this contract who create, work with, or otherwise handle records are required to take [Agency]-provided records management training. The Contractor is responsible for confirming training has been completed according to agency policies, including initial training and any annual or refresher training.Â [Note: To the extent an agency requires contractors to complete records management training, the agency must provide the training to the contractor.]Â D. Â Flowdown of requirements to subcontractors The Contractor shall incorporate the substance of this clause, its terms and requirements including this paragraph, in all subcontracts under this [contract vehicle], and require written subcontractor acknowledgment of same.Â Violation by a subcontractor of any provision set forth in this clause will be attributed to the Contractor. VA INFORMATION AND INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY/PRIVACY LANGUAGE VA INFORMATION CUSTODIAL LANGUAGE: a. Contractors, contractor personnel, subcontractors, and subcontractor personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks as VA and VA personnel regarding information and information system security. b. If VA determines that the contractor has violated any of the information confidentiality, privacy, and security provisions of the contract, it shall be sufficient grounds for VA to withhold payment to the contractor or third party or terminate the contract for default or terminate for cause under Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 12. c. A contractor/subcontractor shall request logical (technical) or physical access to VA information and VA information systems for their employees, subcontractors, and affiliates only to the extent necessary to perform the services specified in the contract, agreement, or task order. d. All contractors, subcontractors, and third-party servicers and associates working with VA information are subject to the same investigative requirements as those of VA appointees or employees who have access to the same types of information. The level and process of background security investigations for contractors must be in accordance with VA Directive and Handbook 0710, Personnel Suitability and Security Program. The Office for Operations, Security, and Preparedness is responsible for these policies and procedures. SECURITY INCIDENT INVESTIGATION: a. The term security incident means an event that has, or could have, resulted in unauthorized access to, loss or damage to VA assets, or sensitive information, or an action that breaches VA security procedures. The contractor/subcontractor shall immediately notify the COR and simultaneously, the designated ISO and Privacy Officer for the contract of any known or suspected security/privacy incidents, or any unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information, including that contained in system(s) to which the contractor/subcontractor has access. b. To the extent known by the contractor/subcontractor, the contractor/subcontractor s notice to VA shall identify the information involved, the circumstances surrounding the incident (including to whom, how, when, and where the VA information or assets were placed at risk or compromised), and any other information that the contractor/subcontractor considers relevant. c. With respect to unsecured protected health information, the business associate is deemed to have discovered a data breach when the business associate knew or should have known of a breach of such information. Upon discovery, the business associate must notify the covered entity of the breach. Notifications need to be made in accordance with the executed business associate agreement. d. In instances of theft or break-in or other criminal activity, the contractor/subcontractor must concurrently report the incident to the appropriate law enforcement entity (or entities) of jurisdiction, including the VA OIG and Security and Law Enforcement. The contractor, its employees, and its subcontractors and their employees shall cooperate with VA and any law enforcement authority responsible for the investigation and prosecution of any possible criminal law violation(s) associated with any incident. The contractor/subcontractor shall cooperate with VA in any civil litigation to recover VA information, obtain monetary or other compensation from a third party for damages arising from any incident, or obtain injunctive relief against any third party arising from, or related to, the incident. LIQUIDATED DAMAGES FOR DATA BREACH: a. Consistent with the requirements of 38 U.S.C. Â§5725, a contract may require access to sensitive personal information. If so, the contractor is liable to VA for liquidated damages in the event of a data breach or privacy incident involving any SPI the contractor/subcontractor processes or maintains under this contract. b. The contractor/subcontractor shall provide notice to VA of a security incident as set forth in the Security Incident Investigation section above. Upon such notification, VA must secure from a non-Department entity or the VA Office of Inspector General an independent risk analysis of the data breach to determine the level of risk associated with the data breach for the potential misuse of any sensitive personal information involved in the data breach. The term 'data breach' means the loss, theft, or other unauthorized access, or any access other than that incidental to the scope of employment, to data containing sensitive personal information, in electronic or printed form, that results in the potential compromise of the confidentiality or integrity of the data. Contractor shall fully cooperate with the entity performing the risk analysis. Failure to cooperate may be deemed a material breach and grounds for contract termination. SECURITY CONTROLS COMPLIANCE TESTING : On a periodic basis, VA, including the Office of Inspector General, reserves the right to evaluate any or all of the security controls and privacy practices implemented by the contractor under the clauses contained within the contract. With 10 working-day s notice, at the request of the government, the contractor must fully cooperate and assist in a government-sponsored security controls assessment at each location wherein VA information is processed or stored, or information systems are developed, operated, maintained, or used on behalf of VA, including those initiated by the Office of Inspector General. The government may conduct a security control assessment on shorter notice (to include unannounced assessments) as determined by VA in the event of a security incident or at any other time. TRAINING: a. All contractor employees and subcontractor employees requiring access to VA information and VA information systems shall complete VA Privacy and Information Security Awareness and Rules of Behavior Training before being granted access to VA information and its systems. (1) Sign and acknowledge (either manually or electronically) understanding of and responsibilities for compliance with the Rules of Behavior before being granted access to VA information and its systems. b. The contractor shall provide to the contracting officer and/or the COR a copy of the training certificates and certification of signing the Rules of Behavior for each applicable employee within 1 week of the initiation of the contract and annually thereafter, as required. c. Failure to complete the mandatory annual training and sign the Rules of Behavior annually, within the timeframe required, is grounds for suspension or termination of all physical or electronic access privileges and removal from work on the contract until such time as the training and documents are complete.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William Penhallegon
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: william.penhallegon@va.gov
  - Phone: 727-398-6661 Ext 10082

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/592ed17e1376407facc02237a4f0b372/view)