---
layout: default
title: 6515--Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) Imaging Unit
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ab51e80ad01f4351977521fa5f6d86c0
---

# 6515--Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) Imaging Unit

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-02 12:28:19.741-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0305
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)/SOURCES SOUGHT Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) unit THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This is not a solicitation for bids, proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. The purpose of this RFI/Sources Sought Notice is for market research purposes only, to obtain information in regards to the availability of specified products, services, or a combination of both products and services, and to identify potential sources capable of providing products or performing services in accordance with the requirements below. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. DISCLAIMER: This RFI/Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI/Sources Sought Notice that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. If a solicitation is issued it shall be published at a later date and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the response to this RFI/Sources sought notice. Responses to this sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. Submission of price, delivery, capabilities, and other market information are authorized. However, responses to these notices are notÂ offersÂ and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract IAW FAR 15.201(e). The purpose of this sources sought/RFI is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 339113 (size standard of 800 Employees). DESCRIPTION: The Department of Veteran Affairs, Network Contracting Office 15 (NCO 15) is seeking sources that can provide a cone beam computed tomography imaging unit in accordance with (IAW) the below requirement and North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 339113 with a size standard of 800 employees. The objective of this project is to purchase and successfully install a new cone beam computed tomography (CBCT) imaging unit at Harry S Truman VA Medical Center. This includes ensuring the system is fully operational with the necessary software, training staff on its use, and providing ongoing technical support to maintain optimal functionality. Technical Requirements/Tasks Delivery and installation of imaging unit Ensure system integration with existing IT infrastructure and ensure compatibility with current medical software. IE: VISTA imaging, CPRS and Future software Oracle. Provide comprehensive training for relevant medical and technical personnel on the operation of the new unit. Offer technical support and maintenance services post-installation to ensure ongoing optimal performance. For a Minimum of 5 Years. Base plus four. Maximum height of 101 IN Maximum height of 67 IN chin and min height of 41 IN, chin rest must be able to move up and down between those heights Must weigh no more than 465 Ibs Must not take up anymore space than 59.06 (L) x 78.74 in (D) x 86.61 in (H) Generator tube voltage must be 60-90 kV Frequency must be at 140 kHz The focus for the image must be between 0.3 and 0.7 mm Image field must be at least 6.4 x 140mm Magnification must be able to do at least

1.28 Gray scale must be at least 14bits Radiological exams must have the following Full panoramic Segmented panoramic Bitewing Maxillary sinus Lateral tmj x2 Lateral TMJ x4 Sinus AP/PA/Lateral Orthogonal panoramic Exposure should be between 0.5 sec to 13 sec Tooth/teeth Full, upper or lower jaw TMJ Face ENT Upper cervical spine Input voltage for unit should be 50/60 Hz 100-240V VENDOR RESPONSES If you are interested and are capable of providing the sought-out supplies/services, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below. 1. Company Name: 2. Company Address: 3. SAMS UEI: 4. Company POC: 5. Phone Number: 6. EMAIL: 7. Is your company considered a small business IAW the NAICS identified in this RFI/Sources Sought Notice? If so, please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? 8. If your company is considered a large business, does your company have any authorized small business distributors/suppliers, service providers, and/or does your company sub-contract to small business concerns? a. If so, please provide the company name, company POC, and small business status (if available): 9. Is your company an authorized distributor/supplier and/or service provider (or equivalent) of the products and/or services identified in this sources sought? If so provide authorization letters and/or agreements from manufacturer. 10. Does your company alter, modify, or change the products identified in this sources sought? If so, please identify how the products are altered, modified, or changed. 11. Are the products your company provides in response to this sources sought manufactured in the United States of America (USA)? If not provide the name of the country where the products are manufactured. 12. Does your company currently hold a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) contract with GSA, the VA National Acquisition Center (NAC), NASA SEWP, VA Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC), or have any other federal contract that can be utilized to procure the products and/or services identified in this sources sought? 13. Please submit a capabilities statement that provides clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that your company can meet the requirements outlined in this sources sought. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Tracie Raggs at tracie.raggs@va.gov. Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 09, 2026, at 08:00 CST.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tracie Raggs
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: tracie.raggs@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1985

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ab51e80ad01f4351977521fa5f6d86c0/view)