---
layout: default
title: Giant Voice System Maintenance
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 823d58c176554eb18ebdb2cbe57a592a
---

# Giant Voice System Maintenance

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 08:28:30.7-04
- Solicitation Number: FA4830GVSM

## Summary

This is for market research purposes ONLY and no award is guaranteed as a result of this sources sought. This is NOT a request for competitive proposals and is published for informational purposes only; however, all responsible sources must submit a capability statement, which shall be considered by the Government SCOPE Moody AFB is seeking sources capable of providing the maintenance and sustainment of Emergency Mass Notification System (EMNS) Giant Voice (GV). The work entailed will provide for properly provisioning a preventive maintenance schedule and actions to ensure the serviceability of the system. OBJECTIVES Conduct one annual Preventive Maintenance Inspections and system upgrades at Moody AFB. All visits shall be accomplished by technicians proficient in the type of work for inspecting and testing the entire EMNS system consisting of the following: 3 base station locations and equipment: Command Post Alternate Command Post 23 CS/SCOTR Shop EMNS power supplies at each location. Perform diagnostic testing at each siren location, which includes performing a quiet test and inspecting the condition of each siren pole and antenna. Perform functional testing – Note: Sounding of the warning sirens is a necessary part of inspection procedures, to include public address and ATHOC. Note: Moody Command Post must have previously obtained approval to sound the sirens in advance of technicians arriving on base. Perform diagnostic tests REACT 5000 and associated computers. Ensure latest software upgrades are included and installed on each computer throughout the year. All EMNS poles and Sirens (Quantity 11) Verify proper grounding at all siren sites. Inspect interior and exterior of cabinet for corrosion. Ensure inside of cabinet is clean and dry. Load-test all batteries installed in siren battery cabinets to ensure they measure at least 25 volts DC at the RTU’s main circuit board. Check charger’s DC voltage located on main circuit board voltage should measure approximately 30 volts DC. Ensure all wires and circuit connections are secure and seated firmly. Ensure speakers are free of animals and nesting materials. Inspection of all radios installed within each siren control cabinet, its antenna and associated antenna cable, and all base station equipment. Verify proper grounding at all sites. Inspection of all radios installed within each siren control cabinet, its antenna and associated antenna cable, and all base station equipment. Provide an emergency call-out within 24 hours and all non-emergency calls within 5 duty days. Routine issues are deemed less urgent, and a response within five duty days is acceptable for these cases. The vendor is expected to respond promptly to emergency requests, particularly during extreme weather conditions. For emergency issues that cannot be resolved over the phone and when the local technician is unavailable, the response time may be extended to 48-72 hours. In such cases, the Contractor shall dispatch a field service representative. DELIVERABLES Provide test and measurement data for all work accomplished during each inspection visit. Contractor shall submit reports electronically to the 23 CS within five (5) calendar days of work completion. Reports shall be available in electronic format that is Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel or Adobe PDF compatible. ANNUAL INSPECTION AND ROUTINE CARE Contractor shall begin the annual inspection with a customer meeting to review the siren system service log and overall performance of the system over the past year. After completion of the preventative maintenance inspection (PMI), the contractor shall produce the results of the PMI report on the condition of all inspected areas. PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS Site POC, and respective alternate(s) shall be able to read, write, speak, and understand English. Site POC or respective alternate(s) are required to be an ATI certified and trained technician. SAFETY The Contractor shall observe all Safety, Security, Traffic and Fire regulations presently enforced at Moody Air Force Base. Contractors shall comply with the OSHA (OSHA, Public Law 91-596) and the resulting standards, OSHA Standards 29 CFR 1910 and 1926. The detailed provisions of the act for accident prevention are directly applicable to all Contractor operations. Prime Contractors are also responsible for ensuring any sub-contractors also adhere to OSHA Guidance. OSHA compliance officers can visit Contractor worksites on the installation. Responses to this Sources Sought request should reference "Giant Voice System Maintenance - Moody AFB" and shall include the following information in this format: 1. Company name, address, point of contact, phone number, and email address. 2. Unique Entity ID, Contractor and Government Entity (CAGE) Code, GSA contract number, if applicable. 3. Size of business - TBD 4. Capability statement displaying the contractor's ability to provide the products or services, to include past performance information. If past performance is provided, please include only relevant past performance on the same/similar work within the last 5 years. Please also include in past performance information the contract numbers, dollar value, and period of performance for each contract referenced in the response to this Sources Sought. Any information submitted by respondents to this sources sought is voluntary.? This sources sought notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government reimburse any costs associated with the submission of information in response to this notice.? Respondents will not be individually notified of the results of any government assessments.? The Government’s assessment of the capability statements received may factor into whether any forthcoming solicitation will be conducted as a full and open competition or as a set-aside for small business, or any particular small business program.? Small businesses with only partial capabilities of this requirement are encouraged to submit their capabilities statement demonstrating the portion of the requirement they are capable of providing/performing. This information will allow the Government to identify areas of possible breakout or possible subcontracting opportunities. CAPABILITIES STATEMENT:? All interested vendors should submit a capabilities statement that explicitly demonstrates their capability to provide/perform the requirement stated in this notice.? The capabilities statement should be brief and concise, yet clearly demonstrate an ability to meet the stated requirement.? The response must not exceed?10 pages. Responses must be submitted electronically to the following e-mail addresses:? jonathan.andrews.4@us.af.mil and tahj.fuller@us.af.mil.? All correspondence sent via email should contain a subject line that reads “Response to Moody AFB Grounds Giant Voice System Sources Sought.”? If this subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through e-mail filters at Moody AFB.? Filters are designed to delete emails without a subject or with a suspicious subject or attachment.? Attachments with files ending in .zip or .exe are not allowable and may be deleted.? Ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xsls, or .xls documents are attached to your email.? All other attachment types may be deleted.? Direct all questions concerning this Sources Sought to jonathan.andrews.4@us.af.mil and tahj.fuller@us.af.mil no later than Monday, 08 April 2026 at 1400 PM EDT

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SSgt Tahj Fuller
  - Email: tahj.fuller@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292573687
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: SSgt Jonathan Andrews
  - Email: jonathan.andrews.4@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292574772

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: may be deleted.? Direct all questions concerning this Sources Sought to jonathan.andrews.4@us.af.mil and tahj.fuller@us.af.mil no later than Monday, 08 April 2026 at 1400 PM EDT

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/823d58c176554eb18ebdb2cbe57a592a/view)