---
layout: default
title: 20--CYLINDER,DUPLEX
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: b41a263c6ece4b4a8a9d5e59602f6051
---

# 20--CYLINDER,DUPLEX

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 12:21:01.458-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QYA76

## Summary

NSN 7H-2090-016536128, TDP VER 005, QTY 5 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. The Government has rights to the technical data, the data package is complete, and there are no technical data, engineering, tooling or manufacturing restrictions. (This is the only A/RMSC that implies that parts are candidates for full and open competition. Other A/RMSCs such as K, M, N, Q, and S may imply limited competition when two or more independent sources exist yet the technical data package is inadequate for full and open competition.) A/RMCs 1 or 2 are valid.ALL FIRMS SHOULD INCLUDE THEIR CAGE CODE ON SOLICITATION REQUESTS.The Government has rights to the technical data, the data package is complete, and there are no technical data, engineering, tooling or manufacturing restrictions. (This is the only A/RMSC that implies that parts are candidates for full and open competition. Other A/RMSCs such as K, M, N, Q, and S may imply limited competition when two or more independent sources exist yet the technical data package is inadequate for full and open competition.) A/RMCs 1 or 2 are valid.ALL FIRMS SHOULD INCLUDE THEIR CAGE CODE ON SOLICITATION REQUESTS.The proposed acquisition is 100% set aside for small business concerns (see FAR clause 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside). The specific type of set-aside will be addressed in the solicitation through inclusion of one of the appropriate clauses listed here: FAR 52.219-3 Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole Source Award FAR 52.219-27 Notice of Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside FAR 52.219-29 Notice of Set-Aside for Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns FAR 52.219-30 Notice of Set-Aside for Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program DFARS 252.226-7000 Notice of Historically Black College or University and Minority Institution Set-AsideBased upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to: Free Trade Agreements, if DFARS clause 252.225-7036 Buy American Act--Free Trade Agreements--Balance of Payments Program, is included in the solicitation. The World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements, if DFARS clause 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements, is included in the solicitation. 1. THIS REQUIREMENT IS FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF QTY 5 EA CYLINDER,DUPLEX, NSN NSN: 7HH 2090 016536128, P/N 556-7107927-46 IAW THE IRPOD/TDP. THE REQUIRED DELIVERY IS 180 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF CONTRACT. 2. THE SOLICITATION NUMBER IS N00104-26-Q-YA76. TO OBTAIN A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION, CONACT THE CONTRACT SPECIALIST LISTED BELOW AND PROVIDE YOUR CAGE CODE. TAYLOR FASCHING EMAIL: TAYLOR.M.FASCHING.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL 3. ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT A PROPOSAL WHICH SHALL BE CONSIDERED IF IT IS SUBMITTED WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SOLICITATION. 4. IN ORDER FOR YOUR OFFER TO BE CONSIDERED, YOU MUST SUBMIT THE ENTIRE RFP COMPLETED AND SIGNED, PRIOR TO THE CLOSING DATE/TIME LISTED ON THE RFP. 5. NECO OFFERS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. 6. GOVERNMENT SOURCE INSPECTION IS REQUIRED. 9. THE PROPOSED ACQUISITION IS 100% SET ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS (SEE FAR CLAUSE 52.219-6, NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE). 10. TECHNICAL DOCUMENTS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS SOLICITATION, SUCH AS DRAWINGS, INDIVIDUAL REPAIR PART ORDERING DATA (IRPOD), STRS, AND OTHER PROCUREMENT RELATED DOCUMENTS MAY BE OBTAINED AT: HTTPS://LOGISTICS.UNNPP.GOV/ THIS WEBSITE REQUIRES A PASSWORD AND PRE-REGISTRATION. PLEASE CONTACT THE E-COMMERCE HELP DESK AT 518-395-4357 TO REGISTER OR FOR HELP LOGGING INTO THE WEBSITE. A HARD COPY OF THE IRPOD AND/OR DRAWINGS WILL NOT BE MAILED TO YOU. 11. INTERESTED PARTIES MAY OBTAIN COPIES OF MILITARY AND FEDERAL SPECIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS, QUALIFIED PRODUCTS LISTS (QPLs), QUALIFIED PRODUCT DATABASES (QPDs), MILITARY HANDBOOKS, AND OTHER STANDARDIZED DOCUMENTS FROM THE DOD SINGLE STOCK POINT (DODSSP) AT DOCUMENT AUTOMATION AND PRODUCTION SERVICE (DAPS) IN PHILADALPHIA, PA. NOTE: PATTERN, DRAWINGS, DEVIATION LISTS, PURCHASE DESCRIPTIONS, ETC. ARE NOT STOCKED AT DODSSP. MOST DOCUMENTS ARE AVAILABLE IN ADOBE PDF FORMAT FROM ASSIST-ONLINE AT: HTTP://ASSIST.DLA.MIL/ONLINE/START/ DOCUMENTS NOT AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOADING FROM ASSIST CAN BE ORDERED FROM DODSSP USING THE ASSIST SHOPPING WIZARD, AFTER ESTABLISHING A DODSSP CUSTOMER ACCOUNT BY FOLLOWING THE RESIGRATION PROCEDURES OR BY PHONING THE DODSSP SPECIAL ASSISTANCE DESK AT 215-737-8000. USERS NOT HAVING ACCESS TO THE INTERNET MAY CONTACT THE DODSSP SPECIAL ASSISTANCE DESK AT 215-737-8000. 12. ONE OR MORE ITEMS UNDER THIS ACQUISITION MAY BE SUBJECT TO AN AGREEMENT ON GOVERNMENT PROCUREMENT APPROVED AND IMPLEMENTED IN THE UNITED STATES BY THE TRADE AGREEMENTS ACT OF 1979. ALL OFFERS SHALL BE IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND IN U.S. DOLLARS. ALL INTERESTED SUPPLIERS MAY SUBMIT AN OFFER. 13. BASED UPON MARKET RESEARCH, THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT USING THE POLICIES CONTAINED IN FAR PART 12, ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS, IN ITS SOLICITATION FOR THE DESCRIBED SUPPLIES OR SERVICES.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: TAYLOR M. FASCHING, N741.9, PHONE (717)605-4323, EMAIL TAYLOR.M.FASCHING.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Email: TAYLOR.M.FASCHING.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b41a263c6ece4b4a8a9d5e59602f6051/view