---
layout: default
title: Y1DZ--598-22-115 Site Utility Infrastructure-NLR
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 852f80b5692f4c27b79d8a26b176f7ff
---

# Y1DZ--598-22-115 Site Utility Infrastructure-NLR

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 09:32:41.002-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0604
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 6 Page 1 of Released pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10: Market Research, this is a Request for Information. Purpose: Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System in North Little Rock, AR | 598-22-115 | Upgrade/Replace Site Utility Infrastructure In an effort to enhance opportunities for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) as required by Public Law 109-461, specifically the Veterans First Contracting Program, NCO16 is performing preliminary market research to identify interested, qualified, capable, SDVOSB and Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) firms possessing the capacity necessary to compete for a VHA procurement opportunity. In case no SDVOSBs or VOSBs possess the capacity, all Small Businesses possessing the necessary capacity are encouraged to provide a response. Results of the preliminary market research will be used to determine the potential future solicitation s set-aside requirement. This source sought notice is issued solely for informational, market research, and planning purposes. It does not constitute an Invitation for Bid (IFB), Request for Quote (RFQ), Request for Proposal, or a promise to issue a subsequent RFQ/IFB/RFP. Currently, no solicitation document exists. Issuance of this notice does not establish any obligation on the part of the Government and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, implied or otherwise, to issue a solicitation or award a contract. In addition, respondents are advised that the United States Government is under no obligation to pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this notice. At this time, proprietary information is not being requested. Respondents shall refrain from including proprietary information in responses to this notice. The Department of Veterans Affairs anticipates awarding a one-time, Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) single award contract. Please provide a positive statement of your company s interest based on an abbreviated scope of work description. Abbreviated Scope of Work: The scope of this project includes upgrading the water source, storage, and site distribution system at the North Little Rock (NLR) Veterans Affairs Medical Center (VAMC) campus, Eugene J. Towbin (EJT): All work shall be done is a manner and sequence to minimize impact to the campus, patients, visitors and staff. No prolonged outages are permitted and any activity affecting the campus shall be coordinated in advance. See additional sections for detailed information. The NLR campus is short of reserve water capacity. This project includes a new elevated water storage tank. The new tank installation shall include all labor and materials required for a complete and operational system including, but not limited to, supporting structure, piping, appurtenances, and accessories as required. The existing elevated 250,000-gallon water tower shall be demolished in its entirety including all below grade supporting structure, piping vaults, etc. The demolition shall be in strict accordance with the phasing schedule. A new pump house with new pumps and new pump controls is included in this project. Physical and operational security, monitoring, controls, redundancy and emergency power are included. The new pump house installation shall include all labor and materials required for a complete and operational system including, but not limited to, structure, fence, paving, piping, cameras, access control, emergency generator, appurtenances, and accessories as required. A new automated control system that interlocks to and also controls the existing south pump house as well as the new north pump house is included in this project. The new system shall be seamlessly integrated into the existing automation system currently operating the south pump house. This project also replaces all existing, failing cast iron, ductile iron, galvanized, asbestos cement, and/or any other material water pipe with new pipe as shown on the project plans. The water supply lines are generally looped to improve supply redundancy and improve the water pressure. Additionally, new backflow preventers shall be installed on the Fire Protection supply lines to buildings which have fire protection systems. This installation will include pressure testing, disinfecting, and hyper-chlorinating as required for new piping installation per Federal, State, and Local codes. Multiple phases are required and part of the project. Disclosure of the magnitude of the Construction Project: Between $20,000,000 and $50,000,000. Requested Information: 1. Please identify your firm s small business category. If your firm is either SDVOSB or VOSB, please state whether you are currently certified by the Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) based upon North American Industry Classification System code (NAICS) 237110 Water and Sewer Line and Related Structures Construction. Current SBA size standard for NAICS 237110 is $45.0M. Offerors shall be registered at Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) with the SBA and in System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov and have completed online Representations and Certifications. Offerors shall be registered with the NAICS code assigned to this acquisition. 2. Please provide a capability statement. Describe your firm s in-house capability to accomplish the summarized project scope/goal; how your firm intends to meet the 15% self-performance requirement per PL109-461; and confirmation that your firm can obtain performance and payment bonds for this project. 3. Please state your firm's name, address, UEI and CAGE number, and primary point of contact, including telephone number(s) and email address. 4. Please provide the following information for your three most relative, recent projects within the past ten (10) years of similar size, scope and complexity as the work indicated: (a) Contracting agency address and contracting officer s name, email address, and telephone number. (b) Contract number, date, amount of award, and date of completion. (c) Was your company the prime or a subcontractor? If performance was as a subcontractor, please provide the prime company s business name, address, email address, and telephone number, as well as the name, email address and telephone number of a specific contact person. (d) Describe items/services provided under the contract. (e) Please state if there were any performance issues under the contract resulting in the issuance of a Cure Notice or Show Cause Notice by the Contracting Officer. Response Submission: Please submit your information via email to Julius Jones, Contract Specialist, at Julius.Jones@va.gov, by the closing date and time listed on this announcement. Please limit your response to three (3) pages and include the following as the subject line of your email: 598-22-115 | Upgrade/Replace Site Utility Infrastructure | Sources Sought | Your Firm s Name. Please do not include advertising or promotional materials. DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julius Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Julius.Jones@va.gov
  - Phone: 501-257-1044

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/852f80b5692f4c27b79d8a26b176f7ff/view)