---
layout: default
title: Pre-Solicitation Notice - Intent to Award a Sole Source Contract: CRANEWORKS, Inc.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e65eb28070e14ebab64208a0357a37c1
---

# Pre-Solicitation Notice - Intent to Award a Sole Source Contract: CRANEWORKS, Inc.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 09:22:54.977-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008026R1003

## Summary

In accordance with FAR 6.302-1, NAVFAC WASHINGTON intends to award a Sole Source Firm Fixed Price Contract to Craneworks, Inc. This notice of intent is not a request for proposals or quotations; however, any challenges to this sole source must be received in writing and sent to ariez.n.thompson.civ@us.navy.mil and shauna.e.lloyd2.civ@us.navy.mil to be considered by the Government for the purpose of determining whether or not to compete the requirement. Challenges must include information sufficient to enable the Government to decide that an equivalent service exists which would meet the Governments needs as stated herein. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed requirement based on responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. The intent of 1501000 Facility Management is to specify the requirements for facility planning and asset management services including, but not limited to, work control, service call reception, Condition Based Maintenance Management (CBMM) / Infrastructure Condition Assessment Program (ICAP) support, Preventive maintenance (PM) inspection of systems and equipment and other Sustainment, Restoration and Modernization (SRM) work are covered under 1502000 Facility Investment. The intent of 1502000 Facility Investment is to specify the requirements for Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (SRM) sub-functions only. The Facility Investment requirements within this sub-annex primarily consist of infrastructure sustainment and minimal restoration and modernization work. Sustainment is the maintenance and repair necessary to keep an inventory of Weight Handling Equipment in good working order. Restoration and modernization normally consist of major rehabilitation and capital improvements that is accomplished through other Navy programs. Some major repair, minor construction and stand-alone demolition may be accomplished as part of Facility Investment. The Contractor shall perform maintenance, repair, alteration, demolition, load testing, inspection/certification and minor construction for the following: Building and Structures -Foundation (In support of items related to weight handling equipment) -Structural Components The intent of 1502000 Facility Investment is to specify the requirements for Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (SRM) sub-functions only. The Facility Investment requirements within this sub-annex primarily consist of infrastructure sustainment and minimal restoration and modernization work. Sustainment is the maintenance and repair necessary to keep an inventory of Weight Handling Equipment in good working order. Restoration and modernization normally consist of major rehabilitation and capital improvements that is accomplished through other Navy programs. Some major repair, minor construction and stand-alone demolition may be accomplished as part of Facility Investment. The Contractor shall perform maintenance, repair, alteration, demolition, load testing, inspection/certification and minor construction for the following: Building and Structures -Foundation (In support of items related to weight handling equipment) -Structural Components Building Systems -Weight Handling Equipment -Man Lifts -Entertainment Hoists -Bridge and Jib Cranes -Electrical -Auxiliary Generator Systems (including emergency and portable generators) -Uninterruptible Power Systems (UPS) Miscellaneous -Rigging Gear (Sec 14) Trackage -Railroads -Crane and Elevated Crane All maintenance and repairs shall be performed by personnel trained and certified by the OEM. Personnel maintaining, repairing, inspecting, testing, operating, or rigging WHE shall be qualified per NAVFAC P-307. Personnel inspecting and testing crane and railroad trackage shall be qualified per NAVFACINST 11230.1. Personnel working with or on electrical or electronic equipment must be trained and certified per NAVFAC P-307. Personnel performing work in HAZMAT/HAZWASTE must complete the HAZMAT/HAZWASTE handling course or have a minimum of one year of experience working with HAZMAT/HAZWASTE. All maintenance trade personnel certifying or inspecting repair or maintenance work that does not require an inspector certified by a governing directive shall be qualified at the journeyman level.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ariez Thompson
  - Email: ariez.n.thompson.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027469881
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Shauna E. Lloyd
  - Email: SHAUNA.LLOYD@NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: consist of infrastructure sustainment and minimal restoration and modernization work. Sustainment is the maintenance and repair necessary to keep an inventory of Weight Handling Equipment in good working order. Restoration and modernization normally consist of major rehabilitation and capital improvements that is accomplished through other Navy programs. Some major repair, minor construction and stand-alone demolition may be accomplished as part of Facility Investment. The Contractor shall perform maintenance, repair, alteration, demolition, load testing, inspection/certification and minor construction for the following: Building and Structures -Foundation (In support of items related to weight handling equipment) -Structural Components The intent of 1502000 Facility Investment is to specify the requirements for Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (SRM) sub-functions only. The Facility Investment requirements within this sub-annex primarily consist of infrastructure sustainment and minimal restoration and modernization work. Sustainment is the maintenance and repair necessary to keep an inventory of Weight Handling Equipment in good working order. Restoration and modernization normally consist of major rehabilitation and capital improvements that is accomplished through other Navy programs. Some major repair, minor construction and stand-alone demolition may be accomplished as part of Facility Investment. The Contractor shall perform maintenance, repair, alteration, demolition, load testing, inspection/certification and minor construction for the following: Building and Structures -Foundation (In support of items related to weight handling equipment) -Structural Components Building Systems -Weight Handling Equipment -Man Lifts -Entertainment Hoists -Bridge and Jib Cranes -Electrical -Auxiliary Generator Systems (including emergency and portable generators) -Uninterruptible Power Systems (UPS) Miscellaneous -Rigging Gear (Sec 14) Trackage -Railroads -Crane and Elevated Crane All maintenance and repairs shall be performed by personnel trained and certified by the OEM. Personnel maintaining, repairing, inspecting, testing, operating, or rigging WHE shall be qualified per NAVFAC P-307. Personnel inspecting and testing crane and railroad trackage shall be qualified per NAVFACINST 11230.1. Personnel working with or on electrical or electronic equipment must be trained and certified per NAVFAC P-307. Personnel performing work in HAZMAT/HAZWASTE must complete the HAZMAT/HAZWASTE handling course or have a minimum of one year of experience working with HAZMAT/HAZWASTE. All maintenance trade personnel certifying or inspecting repair or maintenance work that does not require an inspector certified by a governing directive shall be qualified at the journeyman level

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e65eb28070e14ebab64208a0357a37c1/view)