---
layout: default
title: PEO SOFSA: Mobile Hydrogen Production and Storage
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 40c92c29b30d46329659ca0354931fb8
---

# PEO SOFSA: Mobile Hydrogen Production and Storage

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-07 10:56:21.375-04
- Solicitation Number: PEO_SOFSA_Mobile_Hydrogen_Production_and_Storage

## Summary

PEO SOFSA: Mobile Hydrogen Production and Storage Purpose SOFWERX, in collaboration with USSOCOM Program Executive Office Special Operation Forces Support Activity (PEO SOFSA), will host a series of events to test and evaluate low pressure hydrogen generation and storage capability for power production at the point of need. Background/Synopsis Historically, Special Forces units have conducted short duration, rapid deployments requiring efficient supply lines with the ability to move immense quantities of supply globally. Stakeholders have identified significant limitations due to the unit’s reliance on traditional supply chain for power generation and Class III fuel. This dependence not only restricts operation flexibility and increases risk in austere environments but also hinders the ability to adapt to evolving threats and maintain a technological edge. Stakeholders will assess a hydrogen system will offer a transformative solution by providing reliable, independent energy for rapid deployment. Through market research, Stakeholders have determined that industry partners now possess the technology to provide hydrogen powered generators, capable of producing 500kW, storage solutions providing low pressure safe transportation by land, sea and air. Demonstrated technology has shown the ability to greatly reduce risk by shortening supply lines through storage mechanisms allowing for 13-15 days of operation housed within one container, alleviating nearly 20,000 gallons of logistics burden and associated transportation costs and expansive storage requirements. Objective To evaluate and select the most promising hydrogen energy system capable of providing reliable, independent power for basing operations, the selected system should meet performance criteria while prioritizing scalability, portability, and safety. The end state is to identify a hydrogen energy system that can significantly reduce logistical burdens for SOF operations while providing a robust power generation capability. Why You Should Participate USSOCOM seeks to enter into non-FAR or FAR-based agreements with Industry, Academic, and National Lab partners whose solutions are favorably evaluated by PEO SOFSA Subject Matter Experts (SMEs). As such, the follow-on Assessment Event (AE) is considered competitive and solutions will be evaluated independently of one another primarily for technical merit. This serves dually as notification of the intent to research the feasibility of an agreement under 10 U.S. Code, Section 4022 and/or Section 4022(f), and as notice of pre-solicitation activities IAW FAR 5.204. Event Timeline Phase 1 - 06 April 2026 to 04 May 2026 Submissions to the Assessment Event (AE) Open: Interested respondents who could potentially provide solutions that meet the needs of USSOCOM are encouraged to submit their capability for USSOCOM review. To submit your technology for potential Phase 03 attendance, please review the assessment criteria and follow the submission instructions at the bottom of this webpage. Phase 1a - 22 April 2026 Q&A Telecon: Interested offerors may participate in a virtual Q&A session to better understand the PM's specific technology objectives. The telecon will take place on 22 April from 1300–1400 ET. RSVP at the bottom of this webpage. Phase 2 - 05 May 2026 to 12 May 2026 Downselect: USSOCOM will downselect those respondents/submissions they feel have the highest potential to satisfy their technology needs. Favorably evaluated submissions will receive an invitation to attend the AE on/around 13 May. Phase 3 - 09 June 2026 to 11 June 2026 Assessment Event (AE): During the AE, selected participants will be allotted a one-on-one session with the USSOCOM evaluation panel to pitch, demonstrate, and/or discuss their solutions. The forum will include a Q&A portion and discussions may continue outside of the event. Solution brief presentation guidelines will be outlined in the event invitation and solutions will be assessed according to the criteria in the link provided below. If the USSOCOM evaluation panel favorably evaluates a solution brief, negotiations for Phase 4 may immediately begin. This event will be held in person at SOFWERX. Phase 4 - Path Forward: Successfully negotiated awards may fall under any combination of these categories: Business to business research and development agreement as a sub-award through the SOFWERX Partnership Intermediary Agreement (PIA) (15 U.S. Code Section 3715) OTA for research or prototype projects (10 U.S. Code Sections 4021, 4022) An award under 10 U. S. Code, Section 4022 may result in the further award of a follow-on production agreement without additional competition based on successful prototype completion. The Government may make this follow-on production award based upon successful prototype criteria, which will be determined for each prototype project. Procurement for experimental purposes (10 U.S. Code Section 4023) Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (15 U.S. Code Section 3710a) Prizes for advanced technology achievements (10 U. S. Code Section 4025) and/or prize competitions (15 U.S. Code 3719) FAR-based procurement contract NOTE: Awardees may need to be compliant with NIST SP 800-171, Protecting Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) in Non-Federal Systems and Organizations How You Can Participate Government, Industry, Academia, National Labs, and Non-Traditional Attendees RSVP to the 22 April 2026 Virtual Q&A Telecon: Click Here to RSVP (NLT 21 April 2026) Review Assessment Criteria: Click Here to Review Download the White Paper Template:Click Here to Review Download the Quad Chart Template: Click Here to Review Complete the Submission Form: Click Here to Submit Questions? For event-related questions, please contact Sarah Marks

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Helmick
  - Email: james.s.helmick.civ@socom.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Juanita Bell
  - Email: juanita.bell.ctr@socom.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/40c92c29b30d46329659ca0354931fb8/view)