---
layout: default
title: Fort Peck Power Plant Janitorial Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7a7fd882923247ba8331338c05dbfdaf
---

# Fort Peck Power Plant Janitorial Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 12:01:28.099-04
- Solicitation Number: W9128F26QA009

## Summary

ANNOUCEMENT: QUESTION AND ANSWERS HAVE BEEN POSTED AND ARE LISTED IN THE ATTACHMENT SECTION. PLEASE BE ADVISE ALL OFFERS NEED TO BE RECEIVED ON OR BEFORE 25 MARCH 2026 BY 2:00 PM CT. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- AMENDMENT 0001 - ANNOUNCEMENT: FAR CLAUSE 52.237-1 SITE VISIT HAS BEEN ADDED TO THE SOLIICITATION. THE SITE VISIT WILL BE ON 18 MARCH 2026 AT 0800 AM MOUNTAIN TIME. PLEASE ARRIVE NO LATER THAN 0745 AM MOUNTAIN TO CHECK IN. REVIEW AMENDMENT 0001 FOR THE LOCATION ADDRESS, POC AND POC EMAIL. BE SURE TO EMAIL THE POC YOUR INTENT TO ATTEND THE SITE VISIT. IN ADDITION, BE SURE TO SUBMIT ANY AND ALL SIGNED AMENDMENTS TO ACKNOWLEDGE OF RECEIVE FOR THE AMENDMENTS. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- THE PURPOSE OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT TO POST THE SOLICITATION W9128F26QA009 FOR THE FORT PECK POWER PLANT JANITORIAL SERVICES. THE SOLICITATION WILL CLOSE ON 25 MARCH 2026 AT 2:00 PM CT AND ALL OFFERS MUST BE EMAILED TO THE CONTRACTING OFFICER AND CONTRACT SPECIALIST. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ DESCRIPTON OF WORK: The purpose of this acquisition is for a non-personnel services contract to provide janitorial services at Fort Peck Power Plant in Fort Peck, Montana. The Contractor shall provide all necessary labor, supervision, cleaning materials, required supplies and equipment to perform janitorial services at the Fort Peck Power Plants and associated water control structures in accordance with this Performance Work Statement (PWS) and at the locations shown on the attached drawings, except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The Contractor shall perform all janitorial work necessary to keep the areas to be serviced in a clean, sanitary, and safe condition in accordance with the best standards of performance of such work. Work shall include sweeping, vacuuming, dusting, mopping, scrubbing, waxing, polishing, washing, cleaning, disinfecting, trash collection, removing waste, replenishing supplies, replacement of paper towel products, replacement of deodorizers, soap and disposition of wiping rags and snow removal. The contractor shall perform to the standards and performance criteria defined in this PWS. Place of Performance: Fort Peck, Montana Contracting Office Address: USACE Omaha District 1616 Capital Ave, Omaha, NE 68102-4901 Point Of Contact: All questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer by submitting the questions to the emails listed below. All questions must be received on or before 12:00 PM CST, 18 March 2026. Answers will be posted by COB on 20 March 2026. Contract Specialist Lynne D. Reed, who can be reached by email: lynne.d.reed@usace.army.mil and Contracting Officer Marc R. Proietto at marc.proietto@usace.army.mil Note: Offerors please be advised that an online registration requirement in System for Award Management (SAM) database (https://sam.gov) exists and directed solicitation provisions concerning electronic annual Representations and Certifications on SAM. Representations and certifications are required to be updated annually as a minimum to keep information current, accurate and complete. The electronic annual representations and certifications are effective for one year from date of submission or update to SAM. Solicitation documents will be posted to the web via SAM.gov. Registration is required to access solicitation documents. SAM.gov provides secure access to acquisition-related information, synopsis or pre-solicitation notices and amendment current, accurate and complete. The electronic annual representations and certifications are effective until one year from date of submission or update. Contract Specialist Lynne D. Reed, who can be reached by email: lynne.d.reed@usace.army.mil and/or Contracting Officer Marc R. Proietto at marc.proietto@usace.army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lynne D. Reed
  - Email: lynne.d.reed@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 4029952039
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Marc Proietto
  - Email: marc.proietto@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . PLEASE BE ADVISE ALL OFFERS NEED TO BE RECEIVED ON OR BEFORE 25 MARCH 2026 BY 2:00 PM CT. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- AMENDMENT 0001 - ANNOUNCEMENT: FAR CLAUSE 52.237-1 SITE VISIT HAS BEEN ADDED TO THE SOLIICITATION. THE SITE VISIT WILL BE ON 18 MARCH 2026 AT 0800 AM MOUNTAIN TIME. PLEASE ARRIVE NO LATER THAN 0745 AM MOUNTAIN TO CHECK IN. REVIEW AMENDMENT 0001 FOR THE LOCATION ADDRESS, POC AND POC EMAIL. BE SURE TO EMAIL THE POC YOUR INTENT TO ATTEND THE SITE VISIT. IN ADDITION, BE SURE TO SUBMIT ANY AND ALL SIGNED AMENDMENTS TO ACKNOWLEDGE OF RECEIVE FOR THE AMENDMENTS. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- THE PURPOSE OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT TO POST THE SOLICITATION W9128F26QA009 FOR THE FORT PECK POWER PLANT JANITORIAL SERVICES. THE SOLICITATION WILL CLOSE ON 25 MARCH 2026 AT 2:00 PM CT AND ALL OFFERS MUST BE EMAILED TO THE CONTRACTING OFFICER AND CONTRACT SPECIALIST. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ DESCRIPTON OF WORK: The purpose of this acquisition is for a non-personnel services contract to provide janitorial services at Fort Peck Power Plant in Fort Peck, Montana. The Contractor shall provide all necessary labor, supervision, cleaning materials, required supplies and equipment to perform janitorial services at the Fort Peck Power Plants and associated water control structures in accordance with this Performance Work Statement (PWS) and at the locations shown on the attached drawings, except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The Contractor shall perform all janitorial work necessary to keep the areas to be serviced in a clean, sanitary, and safe condition in accordance with the best standards of performance of such work. Work shall include sweeping, vacuuming, dusting, mopping, scrubbing, waxing, polishing, washing, cleaning, disinfecting, trash collection, removing waste, replenishing supplies, replacement of paper towel products, replacement of deodorizers, soap and disposition of wiping rags and snow removal. The contractor shall perform to the standards and performance criteria defined in this PWS. Place of Performance: Fort Peck, Montana Contracting Office Address: USACE Omaha District 1616 Capital Ave, Omaha, NE 68102-4901 Point Of Contact: All questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer by submitting the questions to the emails listed below. All questions must be received on or before 12:00 PM CST, 18 March 2026. Answers will be posted by COB on 20 March 2026. Contract Specialist Lynne D. Reed, who can be reached by email: lynne.d.reed@usace.army.mil and Contracting Officer Marc R. Proietto at marc.proietto@usace.army.mil Note: Offerors please be advised that an online registration requirement in System for Award Management (SAM) database (https://sam.gov) exists and directed solicitation provisions concerning electronic annual Representations and Certifications on SAM. Representations and certifications are required to be updated annually as a minimum to keep information current, accurate and complete. The electronic annual representations and certifications are effective for one year from date of submission or update to SAM. Solicitation documents will be posted to the web via SAM.gov. Registration is required to access solicitation documents. SAM.gov provides secure access to acquisition-related information, synopsis or pre-solicitation notices and amendment current, accurate and complete. The electronic annual representations and certifications are effective until one year from date of submission or update. Contract Specialist Lynne D. Reed, who can be reached by email: lynne.d.reed@usace.army.mil and/or Contracting Officer Marc R. Proietto at marc.proietto@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7a7fd882923247ba8331338c05dbfdaf/view)