---
layout: default
title: J041--Replacement of AC Liebert Unit for IT equipment Room
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 20cf907e30c44f9db62fae9af46c85cc
---

# J041--Replacement of AC Liebert Unit for IT equipment Room

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 16:03:34.293-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726Q0361
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Central Alabama Healthcare Systems at Montgomery, Alabama, 215 Perry Hill Road, Montgomery, AL 36109, anticipates a requirement to provide Replacement of AC Liebert Unit for IT equipment room services. This contract will have a performance period March 23, 2026, to August 3, 2026, and will be Firm Fixed Priced (FFP). The performance will occur at the Contractor s location and Government furnished property will not be provided. All interested vendors are invited to provide information to contribute to this market survey/sources sought including commercial market information. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION ANNOUNCEMENT. This is a sources sought synopsis only. Questions should be submitted by email to terri.hudson@va.gov. Provide only the requested information below. The purpose of this synopsis is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classifications (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman owned small business, FSS/GSA contract schedule holders, PC3/Choice Program providers and/or large business) relative to NAICS 238220. POTENTIAL SOURCES SHALL PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IN THEIR RESPONSE: 1) Company name, address, phone number, primary contact(s), e-mail address, NAICS code(s), business size (i.e., small/large), size classification and UEI Number. 2) Provide a Statement of Capability that demonstrates the offeror's past performance in providing this type of service. 3) Submit Capability Statements via email to terri.hudson@va.gov by March 20, 2026. Responses should be received no later than 2:00 PM EST. 4) A site visit will be held between March 17, 2026, and March 25, 2026, from 9:00am to 3:00pm. NO CAPABILITY STATEMENTS MAY BE SUBMITTED AFTER March 20, 2026. AT THIS TIME NO SOLICITATION EXISTS. (DO NOT REQUEST A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION). A FUTURE NOTICE WILL BE POSTED WHEN THE SOLICITATION WILL BE RELEASED. 5) Disclaimer and Important Notes: This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization's qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in Federal Business Opportunities. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. 6) No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. The Government reserves the right to use any non-proprietary technical information in any resultant solicitation(s). STATEMENT OF WORK OBJECTIVE: The objective of this contract is to provide the Central Alabama Veterans Health Care System (CAVHCS) with a contractual obligation with qualified contractor to complete the following work as outlined under contractor responsibilities. This contract shall not require access to a VA system or VA sensitive information (e.g., system administrator privileged access to a VA system, or contractor systems or processes that utilize VA sensitive information). SITE VISIT: Bidders are encouraged to visit the site prior to bid submittal during normal duty hours (Mon-Fri 8:00 am- 4:30pm CST) (excluding Federal Holidays); to confirm locations, dimensions, and conditions of the requirements for the fulfillment of this contract. The site visit will be for the purpose of observing firsthand any conditions relevant to the fulfillment of this contract. No consideration will be given to claims based on a lack of knowledge of the existing conditions, except where contract documents make definite provisions for adjustment in cost or extension due to existing conditions not readily foreseeable. The site addresses are: 215 Perry Hill Rd. Montgomery, Al 36109 Engineering Services Building #1 and #4 CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILTY: 1. Contractor shall provide all labor equipment, materials, and incidentals to remove and replace the indoor Liebert Unit and the outside condenser unit that serves the IT room. Contractor will Power down and remove existing unit (indoor and outdoor), place new indoor unit in designated location, place outdoor condenser unit on existing pad. Contractor will complete initial startup and verify unit is working properly. 2. Contractor shall contact Engineering staff 48 hours prior to work to coordinate services. 4. Contractor shall advise customer upon completion and ensure work area is clean before departing the site. SAFETY STANDARDS: The contractor is required to adhere to all VA, OSHA, and EPA safety related policies, procedures, standards, and regulations. The contractor shall convey to its personnel and consultants the appropriate information regarding safety requirements, including the requirements of hazard communication. The Government shall provide the contractor with a copy of its Facility Safety Program/Procedure, Facility's Lockout/Tag-out Procedures, and the Facility's Hazard Communication Program. The contractor shall provide protective equipment to contractor's personnel as required to execute the requirements of this contract. HOURS OF WORK: The hours of work shall take place during the normal business hours of 8:00 AM and 4:30 PM, Monday through Friday, Federal Holidays excluded. Federal Holiday s New Year s Day Martin Luther King's Birthday President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Christmas PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE 17 weeks after award date WARRANTY: Contractor shall warrant that the equipment/work shall be free of defects in materials and workmanship arising from normal usage for a period of one (1) year.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Terri Hudson
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: terri.hudson@va.gov
  - Phone: ***ONLY EMAIL CORRESPONDENCE***

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/20cf907e30c44f9db62fae9af46c85cc/view)