---
layout: default
title: FINAL RFP - Special Operations Forces (SOF) Global Logistics Support Services II (GLSS2) Contract
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d94b440b1fc244249949b5738915fe4b
---

# FINAL RFP - Special Operations Forces (SOF) Global Logistics Support Services II (GLSS2) Contract

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-08 14:23:58.461-04
- Solicitation Number: H92254-25-RE-001

## Summary

** 08 MARCH 2026 – Amendment 0002 Posted** This notice serves to inform all interested parties that Amendment 0002 to Solicitation H9225425RE001 has been posted. Key updates include: 1. L.0.3.1 Required format - clarified instructions and format for proposal changes in discussions. 2. L.0.3.4 Volume Contents & Page Limitations - inserted a column in table 1 increasing the volume page limits. 3. L.4.2.2 Indirect Rates - Transition costs shall be proposed as indirect. Document Revisions: Section L_Attachment 00A_Rev2. Revisions to the Microsoft Word version have been made using tracked changes. The solicitation itself, Solicitation – H9225425RE0010002, has the tracked changes accepted in Section L and is the official version of the solicitation. ** 30 OCTOBER 2025 – Amendment 0001 Posted** This notice serves to inform all interested parties that Amendment 0001 to Solicitation H9225425RE001 has been posted. Key updates include: Question & Answer: Responses to all questions received to date are now available in document "H9225425RE001 QnA Responses 30Oct25". Document Revisions: The following documents have been revised as indicated below: GLSS Attachment List_Rev1 RFP Att 01_Performance Work Statement (PWS)_Rev1 RFP Att 09_TO 1 SOO MQ9_Rev1 RFP Att 10 Enterprise Budget Template_Rev1 RFP Att 11a_TO 1 Cost Worksheet MH60M_Rev1 RFP Att 11b_TO 2 Cost Worksheet FOSOV_Rev1 RFP Att 11c_TO 3 Cost Worksheet MQ9_Rev1 RFP Att 14_Past Performance Questionnaire_Rev1 RFP Att 15_List of Applicable WDs and CBAs_Rev1 Section L_Attachment 00A_Rev 1 Section H (In solicitation an edit was made) Section H_Amend 0001 Tracked Changes (New document added) Two CBA’s have been added: CBA Akima_IAMAW Yuma AZ 20230224 CBA LM_IAMAW FWB FL 20220611 All CBA’s have been renamed for clarity: From: MOA Yulista_IAMAW To: CBA MOA Yulista_IAMAW FWB FL 20240930 From: CBA Yulista_IAMAW To: CBA Yulista_IAMAW Cannon AFB NM 20250301 From: CBA Tunista_IAMAW To: CBA TLS_IAMAW Lexington KY 20230701 From: CBA DRG_IAMAW To: CBA DRG_IAMAW JBLM WA 20240306 From: CBA BGS_IAMAW To: CBA LM_IAMAW Lexington KY 20240922 All revisions to Microsoft Word documents have been made using Tracked Changes. The solicitation itself, Solicitation – H9225425RE0010001, has the tracked changes accepted in Sections H and L and is the official version of the solicitation. Revisions to Microsoft Excel documents have been made using strikethrough and red text. Task Order #3 Location Clarification: As noted in the Q&A responses, offerors shall contact Brian Hubbs and Michael Geegan for additional information regarding Task Order #3. Proposal Due Date: The proposal due date remains unchanged. **01 October 2025 - Update Regarding Government Shutdown** This notice provides an update regarding the ongoing government shutdown and its impact on the solicitation. During the duration of the government shutdown, POC’s (Mr. Geegan and Mr. Hubbs) will be unavailable to respond to questions, inquiries, or communications related to this solicitation. No correspondence will be sent or replied to during the shutdown. The deadlines for notice of Intent to Submit a Proposal (02 October 2025) and Questions (09 October 2025) remain unchanged at this time. Offerors submitting questions, inquiries, or Intent to Submit a Proposal during the shutdown period that receive an automated out-of-office reply from the Government POCs should consider their submissions received. All questions and inquiries will be reviewed and responded to upon the resumption of normal government operations. We appreciate your understanding. ***Request for Proposal (RFP) – 22 September 2025*** Request for Proposal Special Operations Forces – Global Logistics Support Services II (SOF GLSS 2) NAICS Code: 561990 Product or Service Code: R706 Solicitation Number: H92254-25-RE-001 Closing Response Date: 1400EST 21 November 2025 Set Aside Status: Full and Open Competition, with minimum mandatory requirements for Small Business subcontracting (see Section H.8) Contract Type: Single Award IDIQ with task and delivery orders of multiple contract types. Contract Length: Five (5) year base period, three (3) year option, three (3) year option, one (1) year option (transition). Ordering period if all options are exercised will be for a maximum of twelve (12) years. Contract Ceiling: Maximum ceiling value of $10,530,000,010.00 Guaranteed Contract Minimum: $10,000.00 Contracting Office Address: 5751 Briar Hill Road, Lexington, KY 40516 Contracting Officer: Brian C. Hubbs, Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil Contracting Specialist: Michael Geegan, Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil Purpose: United States Special Operations Command intends to procure global lifecycle logistics support for Special Operations Forces utilizing three Core Competencies: Streamlined Design and Rapid Prototyping; Production, Modification, and Integration; and Lifecycle Sustainment Activities across major SOF platforms (Aviation, Ground, and Maritime) and systems. SOF GLSS 2 will also provide enterprise functions normally associated with running a Government-Owned Contractor-Operated (GOCO)-like (state-owned, Government-leased (tenant), contractor-operated) operation in a cost-efficient manner to include logistics operations; facility management; environmental, safety, and health; security management; industrial operations; and information technology (IT) management. Description: PEO SOFSA is the United States Special Operations Command's (USSOCOM) dedicated total lifecycle sustainment activity that provides the SOF community with rapid, responsive, and cost-effective global logistics support services. PEO SOFSA provides a broad spectrum of logistical support services utilizing three Core Competencies: 1) Streamlined Design and Rapid Prototyping, 2) Production, Modification, and Integration, and 3) Lifecycle Sustainment Activities across all SOF platforms and programs. Some of the specific activities conducted by PEO SOFSA include dedicated supply chain management and maintenance for SOF peculiar (SOF-P) systems and equipment; aviation, ground, and maritime platform integration, modifications, and sustainment; and expeditionary field support services worldwide. The SOF GLSS 2 requirement will provide those logistical support services utilizing the three Core Competencies. PEO SOFSA is located at Bluegrass Station, Lexington, Kentucky and is one of eight (8) Program Executive Offices within the Special Operations Forces Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics (SOF AT&L), headquartered at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida. Other GLSS 2 facilities, personnel, and equipment are located in strategic areas both within the Continental United States (CONUS) and Outside the Continental United States (OCONUS). The current contract provides flexible and responsive logistics support services to fulfill the challenging logistics readiness requirements of USSOCOM. Instructions: This is a solicitation. Proposals are requested, and the Government will accept them at this time per the instructions of the solicitation. Each offeror intending to submit a proposal in response to this solicitation shall notify the Contracting Officer via e-mail Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil and Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil within 10 days of Request for Proposal (RFP) issuance. Communications with anyone other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist are prohibited. Questions regarding this RFP must be emailed (in writing and using “RFP Att 12, QnA Template IAW Section L.0.4 Questions) and submitted to BOTH POCs. Oral requests (e.g. phone call) for information will be re-directed to provide email correspondence (using the Q&A Template), for documentation purposes. Individual responses to inquiries will not be provided. If it is necessary to include proprietary or source selection sensitive information in the template, it must be marked appropriately as outlined within the Template instructions. All questions and answers will be provided to all potential offerors unless properly marked. Offerors may submit questions at any time; however, questions received after 9 October 2025 may not be answered prior to the solicitation closing date. Controlled Document Access: Interested vendors need to ensure their SAM account has their current Cage Code and correct Vendor information attached to their profile. This solicitation contains the DFARS clause 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls. To access Controlled Documents: To gain access to the documents in www.SAM.gov marked “Controlled”, requesters must first follow the below instructions and submit the approved DD 2345 to the POC’s indicated before access will be granted. Additionally, requesters must have an active www.SAM.gov CAGE code. Only those companies that can be verified by the Government within the National Industrial Security System (NISS) to have a Top-Secret Facility Clearance and Secret Level of Safeguarding will be granted access. This precaution has been established to limit the dissemination of sensitive unclassified information and are required for this effort. Submit approved DD Form 2345 via email to the Contracting Officer at Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil and the Contract Specialist at Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil. The request shall include the applicable solicitation number, and a copy of current, approved DD Form 2345. Any controlled data is subject to applicable data rights. The form, including instructions for completing the form, is available at https://www.esd.whs.mil/Directives/forms/ or https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/forms/dd/dd2345.pdf. The Government is not responsible for incomplete, misdirected, or untimely requests. Ensure your company is registered on the Joint Certification Program (JCP) website at https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Services/JCP/. If assistance is needed with JCP, the Help phone number is 1-877-352-2255. If you believe information within the NISS to be incorrect or non-current, contact your Defense Counterintelligence Agency (DCSA) Field Office to resolve. Once the approved DD2345 has been submitted, access should then be requested to Controlled documents provided on www.SAM.gov under this draft RFP. If the DATA CUSTODIAN will be different for this particular request, please identify the individual in the email when sending the DD2345 that will submit the www.SAM.gov request for Controlled Document access. If assistance is needed with www.SAM.gov, the Help phone number is 1-866-606-8220.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian C. Hubbs
  - Email: Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Geegan
  - Email: Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: _Rev2. Revisions to the Microsoft Word version have been made using tracked changes. The solicitation itself, Solicitation – H9225425RE0010002, has the tracked changes accepted in Section L and is the official version of the solicitation. ** 30 OCTOBER 2025 – Amendment 0001 Posted** This notice serves to inform all interested parties that Amendment 0001 to Solicitation H9225425RE001 has been posted. Key updates include: Question & Answer: Responses to all questions received to date are now available in document "H9225425RE001 QnA Responses 30Oct25". Document Revisions: The following documents have been revised as indicated below: GLSS Attachment List_Rev1 RFP Att 01_Performance Work Statement (PWS)_Rev1 RFP Att 09_TO 1 SOO MQ9_Rev1 RFP Att 10 Enterprise Budget Template_Rev1 RFP Att 11a_TO 1 Cost Worksheet MH60M_Rev1 RFP Att 11b_TO 2 Cost Worksheet FOSOV_Rev1 RFP Att 11c_TO 3 Cost Worksheet MQ9_Rev1 RFP Att 14_Past Performance Questionnaire_Rev1 RFP Att 15_List of Applicable WDs and CBAs_Rev1 Section L_Attachment 00A_Rev 1 Section H (In solicitation an edit was made) Section H_Amend 0001 Tracked Changes (New document added) Two CBA’s have been added: CBA Akima_IAMAW Yuma AZ 20230224 CBA LM_IAMAW FWB FL 20220611 All CBA’s have been renamed for clarity: From: MOA Yulista_IAMAW To: CBA MOA Yulista_IAMAW FWB FL 20240930 From: CBA Yulista_IAMAW To: CBA Yulista_IAMAW Cannon AFB NM 20250301 From: CBA Tunista_IAMAW To: CBA TLS_IAMAW Lexington KY 20230701 From: CBA DRG_IAMAW To: CBA DRG_IAMAW JBLM WA 20240306 From: CBA BGS_IAMAW To: CBA LM_IAMAW Lexington KY 20240922 All revisions to Microsoft Word documents have been made using Tracked Changes. The solicitation itself, Solicitation – H9225425RE0010001, has the tracked changes accepted in Sections H and L and is the official version of the solicitation. Revisions to Microsoft Excel documents have been made using strikethrough and red text. Task Order #3 Location Clarification: As noted in the Q&A responses, offerors shall contact Brian Hubbs and Michael Geegan for additional information regarding Task Order #3. Proposal Due Date: The proposal due date remains unchanged. **01 October 2025 - Update Regarding Government Shutdown** This notice provides an update regarding the ongoing government shutdown and its impact on the solicitation. During the duration of the government shutdown, POC’s (Mr. Geegan and Mr. Hubbs) will be unavailable to respond to questions, inquiries, or communications related to this solicitation. No correspondence will be sent or replied to during the shutdown. The deadlines for notice of Intent to Submit a Proposal (02 October 2025) and Questions (09 October 2025) remain unchanged at this time. Offerors submitting questions, inquiries, or Intent to Submit a Proposal during the shutdown period that receive an automated out-of-office reply from the Government POCs should consider their submissions received. All questions and inquiries will be reviewed and responded to upon the resumption of normal government operations. We appreciate your understanding. ***Request for Proposal (RFP) – 22 September 2025*** Request for Proposal Special Operations Forces – Global Logistics Support Services II (SOF GLSS 2) NAICS Code: 561990 Product or Service Code: R706 Solicitation Number: H92254-25-RE-001 Closing Response Date: 1400EST 21 November 2025 Set Aside Status: Full and Open Competition, with minimum mandatory requirements for Small Business subcontracting (see Section H.8) Contract Type: Single Award IDIQ with task and delivery orders of multiple contract types. Contract Length: Five (5) year base period, three (3) year option, three (3) year option, one (1) year option (transition). Ordering period if all options are exercised will be for a maximum of twelve (12) years. Contract Ceiling: Maximum ceiling value of $10,530,000,010.00 Guaranteed Contract Minimum: $10,000.00 Contracting Office Address: 5751 Briar Hill Road, Lexington, KY 40516 Contracting Officer: Brian C. Hubbs, Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil Contracting Specialist: Michael Geegan, Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil Purpose: United States Special Operations Command intends to procure global lifecycle logistics support for Special Operations Forces utilizing three Core Competencies: Streamlined Design and Rapid Prototyping; Production, Modification, and Integration; and Lifecycle Sustainment Activities across major SOF platforms (Aviation, Ground, and Maritime) and systems. SOF GLSS 2 will also provide enterprise functions normally associated with running a Government-Owned Contractor-Operated (GOCO)-like (state-owned, Government-leased (tenant), contractor-operated) operation in a cost-efficient manner to include logistics operations; facility management; environmental, safety, and health; security management; industrial operations; and information technology (IT) management. Description: PEO SOFSA is the United States Special Operations Command"s (USSOCOM) dedicated total lifecycle sustainment activity that provides the SOF community with rapid, responsive, and cost-effective global logistics support services. PEO SOFSA provides a broad spectrum of logistical support services utilizing three Core Competencies: 1) Streamlined Design and Rapid Prototyping, 2) Production, Modification, and Integration, and 3) Lifecycle Sustainment Activities across all SOF platforms and programs. Some of the specific activities conducted by PEO SOFSA include dedicated supply chain management and maintenance for SOF peculiar (SOF-P) systems and equipment; aviation, ground, and maritime platform integration, modifications, and sustainment; and expeditionary field support services worldwide. The SOF GLSS 2 requirement will provide those logistical support services utilizing the three Core Competencies. PEO SOFSA is located at Bluegrass Station, Lexington, Kentucky and is one of eight (8) Program Executive Offices within the Special Operations Forces Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics (SOF AT&L), headquartered at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida. Other GLSS 2 facilities, personnel, and equipment are located in strategic areas both within the Continental United States (CONUS) and Outside the Continental United States (OCONUS). The current contract provides flexible and responsive logistics support services to fulfill the challenging logistics readiness requirements of USSOCOM. Instructions: This is a solicitation. Proposals are requested, and the Government will accept them at this time per the instructions of the solicitation. Each offeror intending to submit a proposal in response to this solicitation shall notify the Contracting Officer via e-mail Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil and Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil within 10 days of Request for Proposal (RFP) issuance. Communications with anyone other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist are prohibited. Questions regarding this RFP must be emailed (in writing and using “RFP Att 12, QnA Template IAW Section L.0.4 Questions) and submitted to BOTH POCs. Oral requests (e.g. phone call) for information will be re-directed to provide email correspondence (using the Q&A Template), for documentation purposes. Individual responses to inquiries will not be provided. If it is necessary to include proprietary or source selection sensitive information in the template, it must be marked appropriately as outlined within the Template instructions. All questions and answers will be provided to all potential offerors unless properly marked. Offerors may submit questions at any time; however, questions received after 9 October 2025 may not be answered prior to the solicitation closing date. Controlled Document Access: Interested vendors need to ensure their SAM account has their current Cage Code and correct Vendor information attached to their profile. This solicitation contains the DFARS clause 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls. To access Controlled Documents: To gain access to the documents in www.SAM.gov marked “Controlled”, requesters must first follow the below instructions and submit the approved DD 2345 to the POC’s indicated before access will be granted. Additionally, requesters must have an active www.SAM.gov CAGE code. Only those companies that can be verified by the Government within the National Industrial Security System (NISS) to have a Top-Secret Facility Clearance and Secret Level of Safeguarding will be granted access. This precaution has been established to limit the dissemination of sensitive unclassified information and are required for this effort. Submit approved DD Form 2345 via email to the Contracting Officer at Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil and the Contract Specialist at Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil. The request shall include the applicable solicitation number, and a copy of current, approved DD Form 2345. Any controlled data is subject to applicable data rights. The form, including instructions for completing the form, is available at https://www.esd.whs.mil/Directives/forms/ or https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/forms/dd/dd2345.pdf. The Government is not responsible for incomplete, misdirected, or untimely requests. Ensure your company is registered on the Joint Certification Program (JCP) website at https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Services/JCP/. If assistance is needed with JCP, the Help phone number is 1-877-352-2255. If you believe information within the NISS to be incorrect or non-current, contact your Defense Counterintelligence Agency (DCSA) Field Office to resolve. Once the approved DD2345 has been submitted, access should then be requested to Controlled documents provided on www.SAM.gov under this draft RFP. If the DATA CUSTODIAN will be different for this particular request, please identify the individual in the email when sending the DD2345 that will submit the www.SAM.gov request for Controlled Document access. If assistance is needed with www.SAM.gov, the Help phone number is 1-866-606-8220
- Attachment 2: Att 01_Performance Work Statement (PWS)_Rev1 RFP Att 09_TO 1 SOO MQ9_Rev1 RFP Att 10 Enterprise Budget Template_Rev1 RFP Att 11a_TO 1 Cost Worksheet MH60M_Rev1 RFP Att 11b_TO 2 Cost Worksheet FOSOV_Rev1 RFP Att 11c_TO 3 Cost Worksheet MQ9_Rev1 RFP Att 14_Past Performance Questionnaire_Rev1 RFP Att 15_List of Applicable WDs and CBAs_Rev1 Section L_Attachment 00A_Rev 1 Section H (In solicitation an edit was made) Section H_Amend 0001 Tracked Changes (New document added) Two CBA’s have been added: CBA Akima_IAMAW Yuma AZ 20230224 CBA LM_IAMAW FWB FL 20220611 All CBA’s have been renamed for clarity: From: MOA Yulista_IAMAW To: CBA MOA Yulista_IAMAW FWB FL 20240930 From: CBA Yulista_IAMAW To: CBA Yulista_IAMAW Cannon AFB NM 20250301 From: CBA Tunista_IAMAW To: CBA TLS_IAMAW Lexington KY 20230701 From: CBA DRG_IAMAW To: CBA DRG_IAMAW JBLM WA 20240306 From: CBA BGS_IAMAW To: CBA LM_IAMAW Lexington KY 20240922 All revisions to Microsoft Word documents have been made using Tracked Changes. The solicitation itself, Solicitation – H9225425RE0010001, has the tracked changes accepted in Sections H and L and is the official version of the solicitation. Revisions to Microsoft Excel documents have been made using strikethrough and red text. Task Order #3 Location Clarification: As noted in the Q&A responses, offerors shall contact Brian Hubbs and Michael Geegan for additional information regarding Task Order #3. Proposal Due Date: The proposal due date remains unchanged. **01 October 2025 - Update Regarding Government Shutdown** This notice provides an update regarding the ongoing government shutdown and its impact on the solicitation. During the duration of the government shutdown, POC’s (Mr. Geegan and Mr. Hubbs) will be unavailable to respond to questions, inquiries, or communications related to this solicitation. No correspondence will be sent or replied to during the shutdown. The deadlines for notice of Intent to Submit a Proposal (02 October 2025) and Questions (09 October 2025) remain unchanged at this time. Offerors submitting questions, inquiries, or Intent to Submit a Proposal during the shutdown period that receive an automated out-of-office reply from the Government POCs should consider their submissions received. All questions and inquiries will be reviewed and responded to upon the resumption of normal government operations. We appreciate your understanding. ***Request for Proposal (RFP) – 22 September 2025*** Request for Proposal Special Operations Forces – Global Logistics Support Services II (SOF GLSS 2) NAICS Code: 561990 Product or Service Code: R706 Solicitation Number: H92254-25-RE-001 Closing Response Date: 1400EST 21 November 2025 Set Aside Status: Full and Open Competition, with minimum mandatory requirements for Small Business subcontracting (see Section H.8) Contract Type: Single Award IDIQ with task and delivery orders of multiple contract types. Contract Length: Five (5) year base period, three (3) year option, three (3) year option, one (1) year option (transition). Ordering period if all options are exercised will be for a maximum of twelve (12) years. Contract Ceiling: Maximum ceiling value of $10,530,000,010.00 Guaranteed Contract Minimum: $10,000.00 Contracting Office Address: 5751 Briar Hill Road, Lexington, KY 40516 Contracting Officer: Brian C. Hubbs, Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil Contracting Specialist: Michael Geegan, Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil Purpose: United States Special Operations Command intends to procure global lifecycle logistics support for Special Operations Forces utilizing three Core Competencies: Streamlined Design and Rapid Prototyping; Production, Modification, and Integration; and Lifecycle Sustainment Activities across major SOF platforms (Aviation, Ground, and Maritime) and systems. SOF GLSS 2 will also provide enterprise functions normally associated with running a Government-Owned Contractor-Operated (GOCO)-like (state-owned, Government-leased (tenant), contractor-operated) operation in a cost-efficient manner to include logistics operations; facility management; environmental, safety, and health; security management; industrial operations; and information technology (IT) management. Description: PEO SOFSA is the United States Special Operations Command's (USSOCOM) dedicated total lifecycle sustainment activity that provides the SOF community with rapid, responsive, and cost-effective global logistics support services. PEO SOFSA provides a broad spectrum of logistical support services utilizing three Core Competencies: 1) Streamlined Design and Rapid Prototyping, 2) Production, Modification, and Integration, and 3) Lifecycle Sustainment Activities across all SOF platforms and programs. Some of the specific activities conducted by PEO SOFSA include dedicated supply chain management and maintenance for SOF peculiar (SOF-P) systems and equipment; aviation, ground, and maritime platform integration, modifications, and sustainment; and expeditionary field support services worldwide. The SOF GLSS 2 requirement will provide those logistical support services utilizing the three Core Competencies. PEO SOFSA is located at Bluegrass Station, Lexington, Kentucky and is one of eight (8) Program Executive Offices within the Special Operations Forces Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics (SOF AT&L), headquartered at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa, Florida. Other GLSS 2 facilities, personnel, and equipment are located in strategic areas both within the Continental United States (CONUS) and Outside the Continental United States (OCONUS). The current contract provides flexible and responsive logistics support services to fulfill the challenging logistics readiness requirements of USSOCOM. Instructions: This is a solicitation. Proposals are requested, and the Government will accept them at this time per the instructions of the solicitation. Each offeror intending to submit a proposal in response to this solicitation shall notify the Contracting Officer via e-mail Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil and Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil within 10 days of Request for Proposal (RFP) issuance. Communications with anyone other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist are prohibited. Questions regarding this RFP must be emailed (in writing and using “RFP Att 12, QnA Template IAW Section L.0.4 Questions) and submitted to BOTH POCs. Oral requests (e.g. phone call) for information will be re-directed to provide email correspondence (using the Q&A Template), for documentation purposes. Individual responses to inquiries will not be provided. If it is necessary to include proprietary or source selection sensitive information in the template, it must be marked appropriately as outlined within the Template instructions. All questions and answers will be provided to all potential offerors unless properly marked. Offerors may submit questions at any time; however, questions received after 9 October 2025 may not be answered prior to the solicitation closing date. Controlled Document Access: Interested vendors need to ensure their SAM account has their current Cage Code and correct Vendor information attached to their profile. This solicitation contains the DFARS clause 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls. To access Controlled Documents: To gain access to the documents in www.SAM.gov marked “Controlled”, requesters must first follow the below instructions and submit the approved DD 2345 to the POC’s indicated before access will be granted. Additionally, requesters must have an active www.SAM.gov CAGE code. Only those companies that can be verified by the Government within the National Industrial Security System (NISS) to have a Top-Secret Facility Clearance and Secret Level of Safeguarding will be granted access. This precaution has been established to limit the dissemination of sensitive unclassified information and are required for this effort. Submit approved DD Form 2345 via email to the Contracting Officer at Brian.C.Hubbs.civ@socom.mil and the Contract Specialist at Michael.T.Geegan.civ@socom.mil. The request shall include the applicable solicitation number, and a copy of current, approved DD Form 2345. Any controlled data is subject to applicable data rights. The form, including instructions for completing the form, is available at https://www.esd.whs.mil/Directives/forms/ or https://www.esd.whs.mil/Portals/54/Documents/DD/forms/dd/dd2345.pdf

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d94b440b1fc244249949b5738915fe4b/view