---
layout: default
title: Data Wall Installation
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: b73aa0609cde422faba3025bfbba9a8e
---

# Data Wall Installation

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 12:42:01.01-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S8R25Q0005

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation W50S8R25Q0005 is being issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-04. This solicitation is being solicited as 100% small business set-aside. The NAICS code that applies is 334310 and business size is 750 employees. This action will result in a FFP purchase order, utilizing simplified acquisition procedures. The contractor shall provide all labor, equipment, materials, tools, parts, shipping, and all other items necessary to provide and install the following items: CLIN Description Quantity Unit of Issue Salient Characteristics 0001 Data Wall 1 EA The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and quality control necessary to provide and install an integrated new data wall as defined in the attached Statement of Work 0002 Labor 1 EA The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and quality control necessary to provide and install an integrated new data wall as defined in the attached Statement of Work Delivery location/Place of Performance – 1947 Harrington Memorial Road, Mansfield, OH, 44903 Site Visit: A site visit has been scheduled for 19 August at 10:00 AM EST. Due to security conditions, all offerors SHALL register to attend this site visit. Email the following information for all attendees to Jeffrey Snyder, at the following address: jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil •Visitor’s Name, Driver’s License Number, Company Name, and Company Telephone Number This information shall be provided in advance, at least 5 business days prior to the site visit, in order to ensure access to the installation. Visitors shall arrive no sooner than 30 minutes/no later than 15 minutes prior to start of site visit. Note that failure to arrive at front gate prior to 9:45 A.M. may be grounds for exclusion from site visit, as there will be a one-time escort for all attendees (i.e. escort will not return to front gate for those who arrive late). Additional Site Visit Information: No electronics will be allowed in the facility, to include medical devices, unless prior authorization has been granted. Due to time constraints, prior authorization may not be possible prior to site visit Only US citizens with a completed background check will be allowed within the facility. All contractor and subcontractor personnel shall present REAL ID-compliant identification for establishing identity for unescorted access. Individuals who do not possess a REAL ID Act compliant form of identification shall be denied access to the installation. However, individuals with non REAL ID-compliant identification may also present an original or certified true copy of a birth certificate and their social security card. In accordance with the requirements of FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv), the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) has granted a class waiver to the Non-Manufacturer Rule for the specified products under this solicitation: Applicable NAICS: 334310 Products Covered by waiver: Television (TV) Sets Manufacturing; Home Type Impact on Offerors: Offerors are informed that they may provide the product(s) covered by this waiver regardless of whether the product(s) are manufactured by a small business, provided that all other solicitation requirements are met. Compliance Assurance: Offerors must indicate their compliance with the NMR waiver in their submission. The contracting officer reserves the right to request additional documentation to verify compliance with the waiver conditions. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors -Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) ADDENDUM to 52.212-1 All questions regarding this RFQ shall be emailed to jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil & james.kliewer.2@us.af.mil no later than 25 August 2025 Additional Quote Preparation Instructions The quote shall include a firm-fixed price. Separate Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs) are not prescribed for the purposes of associated costs entailing taxes, fees, transportation, delivery, etc. Accordingly, quoted unit pricing for requirements at the CLIN level under this RFQ, shall be inclusive of all associated costs (i.e. material, transportation, delivery, etc.) Offeror shall submit a document titled “Product Inventory”, clearly identifying all proposed products for the data wall. “Product Inventory” document shall include a product description, manufacturer, part number, quantity, and country of origin, at a minimum for all products Offeror’s quote shall include a product specification sheet, adequate enough for the government to evaluate if the proposed solution meets all requirements outlined in the Statement of Work. Offeror’s quote shall include a Work Timeline, detailing steps/actions required to meet requirements set forth in Statement of Work, in addition to period of performance. Provided documents shall provide enough information to be properly evaluated to determine if proposed approach meets the requirements of the Statement of Work and shall not simply restate requirements. (End of Provision) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services NOV 2021 ADDENDUM TO 52.212-2 1 BASIS FOR CONTRACT AWARD: This solicitation is for a Firm Fixed Price Contract. The Government intends to award a single contract to a qualified Small Business Offeror deemed responsible in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), whose quote conforms to all the RFQ's requirements and is determined to represent the Best Value to the Government. Best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable quote with the lowest evaluated price, with appropriate consideration given to the three (3) evaluation factors: Responsiveness, Technical, and Price. The overarching evaluation approach for all factors and subfactors is to determine the acceptability of the response. The quote will be evaluated to determine whether each requirement has been addressed in the quote in order to meet the acceptability standards described in the solicitation. (a) Responsive Offerors. Initially, the government shall evaluate the quote on a pass/fail basis. The quotes shall be evaluated on whether offerors have submitted a complete package to include: Technical Documentation: “Product Inventory” Document Product Specification Sheet Work Timeline RESPONSIVE OFFEROR RATING Rating Description PASS Offeror has returned a complete proposal package. FAIL Offeror has NOT returned a complete proposal package. (b) Technical Evaluation. Technical Capability will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis utilizing the product specifications provided to the Government. To be determined Technically Acceptable, the offerors quoted product must meet all required characteristics. An offeror shall obtain an “Acceptable” rating to continue further in the competition. Offerors who are deemed to merit an “Unacceptable” rating in the Technical Capability Factor will be removed from further consideration for award. Once the minimum requirements are established, the team shall evaluate the offeror's quote against these requirements to determine whether the quote is acceptable or unacceptable, using the ratings and descriptions outlined herein. Quotes are evaluated for acceptability, but not ranked using the non-price factors/subfactors. In order to be considered awardable, there must be an "acceptable" rating in every non-price factor/subfactor. (c) Price. The total quoted price from offerors determined both responsive and technically acceptable will be evaluated and award will be made to the lowest evaluated price. (End of provision) For more information regarding this solicitation please contact MSgt Jeffrey Snyder via email at jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil Offers are due by 10:00 A.M. EST 17 September 2025: email jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil and james.kliewer.2@us.af.mil List of Attachments: Attachment 1: Clauses and Provisions Revised SOW 10 Sep 2025 NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or other external forum. Contract award or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency’s Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG protest procedures. To be timely, the protests must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: National Guard Bureau Office of the Director of Acquisitions/ Head of Contracting Activity ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@mail.mil All other agency-level protests should be sent to the Contracting Officer for resolution at the address in the solicitation. See FAR clause 52.233-2. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 1 Posting Questions and Answers 28 Aug Posting Revised SOW 28 Aug - Changes are highlighted in yellow Posting AF JUC APL Catalog - 20240205 Posting Alternative DoD Products List Extend offers due date to 9 Sep 2025 10:00 AM ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 2 Extend offers due date to 11 Sep 2025 10:00 AM ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 3 Provide updated SOW changing the following: 1) Removal of all TAA requirements 2) Update Conference Room requirements (See highlighted/strikethru text on page 4. Provide notification of waiver of non-manufacturer rule in accordance with FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv) Extend offers due date to 17 Sep 2025 10:00 AM to provide reasonable amount of additional time IAW FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv) ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 4 Update 52.212-5 on "Attachment 1 Clauses and Provisions" to add FAR 52.219-33. Revised Attachment 1 Clauses and Provisions has been added via attachment. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 5 Revise instructions to offerors & evaluation criteria. See attached "Revised 23 Sep 2025 W50S8R25Q0005 Combined Synopsis". Changes made to Addendum to 52.212-1 and basis of contract award. Revised Statement of Work adding video wall/display & lectern monitor specifications. See attached "Revised SOW 23 Sep 2025" Updated new RFQ deadline to 26 Sep 2025 ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 6 Revise evaluation criteria as highlighted on uploaded document W50S8R25Q0005 - Amendment 0006 Combined Synopsis Revise SOW and upload "Revised SOW 27 Sep 2025". Changes are highlighted Updated new RFQ deadline to 28 Sep 2025 8 AM *****************************************************************************************************************************************************

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeffrey Snyder
  - Email: jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 4195206542
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: James E Kliewer
  - Email: james.kliewer.2@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Clauses and Provisions Revised SOW 10 Sep 2025 NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or other external forum. Contract award or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency’s Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG protest procedures. To be timely, the protests must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: National Guard Bureau Office of the Director of Acquisitions/ Head of Contracting Activity ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@mail.mil All other agency-level protests should be sent to the Contracting Officer for resolution at the address in the solicitation. See FAR clause 52.233-2. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 1 Posting Questions and Answers 28 Aug Posting Revised SOW 28 Aug - Changes are highlighted in yellow Posting AF JUC APL Catalog - 20240205 Posting Alternative DoD Products List Extend offers due date to 9 Sep 2025 10:00 AM ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 2 Extend offers due date to 11 Sep 2025 10:00 AM ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 3 Provide updated SOW changing the following: 1) Removal of all TAA requirements 2) Update Conference Room requirements (See highlighted/strikethru text on page 4. Provide notification of waiver of non-manufacturer rule in accordance with FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv) Extend offers due date to 17 Sep 2025 10:00 AM to provide reasonable amount of additional time IAW FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv) ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 4 Update 52.212-5 on "Attachment 1 Clauses and Provisions" to add FAR 52.219-33. Revised Attachment 1 Clauses and Provisions has been added via attachment. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 5 Revise instructions to offerors & evaluation criteria. See attached "Revised 23 Sep 2025 W50S8R25Q0005 Combined Synopsis". Changes made to Addendum to 52.212-1 and basis of contract award. Revised Statement of Work adding video wall/display & lectern monitor specifications. See attached "Revised SOW 23 Sep 2025" Updated new RFQ deadline to 26 Sep 2025 ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 6 Revise evaluation criteria as highlighted on uploaded document W50S8R25Q0005 - Amendment 0006 Combined Synopsis Revise SOW and upload "Revised SOW 27 Sep 2025". Changes are highlighted Updated new RFQ deadline to 28 Sep 2025 8 AM *****************************************************************************************************************************************************

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b73aa0609cde422faba3025bfbba9a8e/view)