---
layout: default
title: Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) Multiple Award Contract (MAC) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 9cd9f14833c54d2a87aeb266231e3ad3
---

# Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) Multiple Award Contract (MAC) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 09:54:40.563-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8652-26-R-0001

## Summary

20 February 2026-- The purpose of this announcment is to formally incorporate the changes published to SAM.gov on 9 February 2026, which included the updated Attachment 4 (Section M) and the associated Clarification Memo. Offerors shall acknowledge receipt of this amendment by completing Blocks 8 and 15 of the attached SF30. A signed copy of the completed SF30 is to be included as part of the proposal submission. The executed SF30 may be placed within Volume I, Section 2 (Contract Documentation) of the proposal or added as a stand alone file. Offerors are able to edit submissions in the enterprise portal up to the due date of the solicitation. ------------------------------------------------------------------- 09 February 2026-- Amendment Announcement This amendment announcement is to notify all interested parties to review an updated Attachment 4 (Section M). As well as the RFP Clarification Memo. All other aspects of the solicitation remain unchanged. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) Procurement Headquarters (PK), located at 1864 4th St, Building 15, Wright Patterson AFB, OH 45433, is announcing a solicitation for AFRL Multiple Award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (AMAC) vehicle. This notice of contract action constitutes a formal solicitation and requires the submission of proposals. This procurement is advertised as a full and open competition. It will utilize the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 15 Request for Proposal (RFP) process, with the intent to award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts to the responsible offeror(s) whose proposal(s) conform to the RFP. This is an IDIQ contract with no pre-established fixed contract prices. Future requirements and deliverables will be determined by the Contracting Officer, who will issue written Orders to the contractors in accordance with FAR Part 16.505. Award of orders will be based on specific requirements and may include, but are not limited to, Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP), Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (CPFF), and other contract types. The work to be acquired under this effort encompasses diverse Science and Technology (S&T) requirements as described in the IDIQ Statement of Objectives (SOO). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541715, with a size standard of 1,000 employees. Foreign participation is not authorized. The contract will have a five-year base period with three (3) one-year option periods. The estimated maximum dollar value for all contracts combined is $10,000,000,000.00. Order values will be determined by the future needs of AFRL customers. While the government makes no representation as to the number of orders, a minimum of $500.00 is guaranteed to be ordered from each awardee upon issuance of the AMAC contracts. Contractors are not guaranteed work in excess of this minimum guarantee. The Government intends to evaluate proposals and award contract(s) without discussions; however, it retains the right to hold discussions if deemed necessary. Additional Information and Submission Instructions Attached to this announcement is the U.S. Government (USG) response to the questions/comments announcement that closed on January 9, 2026. At this time, no additional comments or questions regarding the content of the RFP will be addressed. For reference, the USG has also provided a summary of changes document to help identify areas of change between the previous draft announcement and this formal solicitation. All offerors must submit a proposal response through the Enterprise Portal (Link provided below). A PowerPoint instruction guide is attached to this announcement. For any technical assistance or support with the Enterprise Portal (acqbot.us), please contact acqbot.help@tacgov.com. Important Notice: Any proposals submitted to previous AMAC announcements or any submissions made outside of the Enterprise Portal will not be considered for award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: AFRL AMAC ORG BOX
  - Email: afrl.amac.mailbox@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mark Lucas
  - Email: mark.lucas.14@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: (Section M) and the associated Clarification Memo. Offerors shall acknowledge receipt of this amendment by completing Blocks 8 and 15 of the attached SF30. A signed copy of the completed SF30 is to be included as part of the proposal submission. The executed SF30 may be placed within Volume I, Section 2 (Contract Documentation) of the proposal or added as a stand alone file. Offerors are able to edit submissions in the enterprise portal up to the due date of the solicitation. ------------------------------------------------------------------- 09 February 2026-- Amendment Announcement This amendment announcement is to notify all interested parties to review an updated Attachment 4 (Section M). As well as the RFP Clarification Memo. All other aspects of the solicitation remain unchanged. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) Procurement Headquarters (PK), located at 1864 4th St, Building 15, Wright Patterson AFB, OH 45433, is announcing a solicitation for AFRL Multiple Award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (AMAC) vehicle. This notice of contract action constitutes a formal solicitation and requires the submission of proposals. This procurement is advertised as a full and open competition. It will utilize the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 15 Request for Proposal (RFP) process, with the intent to award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts to the responsible offeror(s) whose proposal(s) conform to the RFP. This is an IDIQ contract with no pre-established fixed contract prices. Future requirements and deliverables will be determined by the Contracting Officer, who will issue written Orders to the contractors in accordance with FAR Part 16.505. Award of orders will be based on specific requirements and may include, but are not limited to, Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP), Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (CPFF), and other contract types. The work to be acquired under this effort encompasses diverse Science and Technology (S&T) requirements as described in the IDIQ Statement of Objectives (SOO). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541715, with a size standard of 1,000 employees. Foreign participation is not authorized. The contract will have a five-year base period with three (3) one-year option periods. The estimated maximum dollar value for all contracts combined is $10,000,000,000.00. Order values will be determined by the future needs of AFRL customers. While the government makes no representation as to the number of orders, a minimum of $500.00 is guaranteed to be ordered from each awardee upon issuance of the AMAC contracts. Contractors are not guaranteed work in excess of this minimum guarantee. The Government intends to evaluate proposals and award contract(s) without discussions; however, it retains the right to hold discussions if deemed necessary. Additional Information and Submission Instructions Attached to this announcement is the U.S. Government (USG) response to the questions/comments announcement that closed on January 9, 2026. At this time, no additional comments or questions regarding the content of the RFP will be addressed. For reference, the USG has also provided a summary of changes document to help identify areas of change between the previous draft announcement and this formal solicitation. All offerors must submit a proposal response through the Enterprise Portal (Link provided below). A PowerPoint instruction guide is attached to this announcement. For any technical assistance or support with the Enterprise Portal (acqbot.us), please contact acqbot.help@tacgov.com. Important Notice: Any proposals submitted to previous AMAC announcements or any submissions made outside of the Enterprise Portal will not be considered for award

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9cd9f14833c54d2a87aeb266231e3ad3/view)