---
layout: default
title: Woody Island and at the Kodiak ATCT Remedial Investigation
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 268c948c22ba40548f0b4107003cb0fe
---

# Woody Island and at the Kodiak ATCT Remedial Investigation

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 16:26:35.587-04
- Solicitation Number: 697DCK-26-R-00184

## Summary

The FAA has a requirement to perform a remedial investigation (RI) at multiple locations on Woody Island and at the Kodiak ATCT to investigate the presence, severity and extent of contamination in soil and groundwater at concentrations that exceed applicable cleanup criteria. Special Considerations: Woody Island Woody Island is not connected to the state’s road system and is accessible primarily by boat. There is a barge landing on the island’s west side and a gravel road running the length of the island. Kodiak ATCT Kodiak Island is not connected to the state’s road system and is accessible primarily by boat and plane. The Kodiak ATCT is located within the USCG Base Kodiak and access must be coordinated with the USCG. Below is an abbreviation of the statement of work and no attachments will be provided until solicitation: - The Contractor must provide all equipment, supplies and labor required to perform RI activities at multiple locations at Woody Island Station at 4 separate areas (CT Site, Building 605, Former Tank Farm and Pipeline Area, Former Communications and Housing Facility) and the Kodiak ATCT. - All RI activities including soil and groundwater sampling, soil screening, and monitoring well installation/development/sampling must be conducted according to the most recent ADEC Field Sampling Guidance and Groundwater Sampling and Monitoring Wells Guidance. - The Contractor must use allotted samples to delineate the lateral and vertical extent of all previously indicated sources of contamination exceeding applicable cleanup levels at the Former Woody Island Station and Kodiak ATCT. The investigation at each site must be guided by direct read field instruments when possible (ie XRF for lead, and PID for petroleum/solvents), historical information, and professional judgment. - All RI activities must be overseen be a Qualified Environmental Professional (QEP) as defined by 18 AAC 75.333. - All RI activities including, but not limited to, soil and groundwater sampling, soil screening, and monitoring well installation/development/sampling must be conducted according to the most recent 18 AAC 75, ADEC Field Sampling Guidance and Groundwater Sampling and Monitoring Wells Guidance. - Analytical sampling must be conducted for media and analytes listed at each feature of work in Section 4, 5 and Section 12 “Sample Analysis and Regulatory Methods”. - All petroleum contamination at the former Woody Island Field Station and the Kodiak ATCT must be delineated utilizing analytical sampling. - The soil at the CT site contains a high percentage of organic material. All samples collected for DRO/RRO must also be analyzed with the silica gel cleanup method. The Contractor must also be prepared to run silica gel cleanup on all samples collected at any other sites where significant organics are noted in the sample collected. - Non-petroleum contamination (PCBs, RCRA metals, etc.) investigation is only planned at the former Woody Island Field Station at the Former Communications and Housing Area. Contamination must be delineated utilizing analytical sampling. The Contractor must utilize an appropriate screening methodology (XRF) to assist in determining field sampling locations. - Soil borings must be completed by continuously coring with a direct push drill rig with a direct push or hollow stem auger; however, the Contractor must also be prepared to use hand tools to sample in locations that are not accessible by drill rig. Soil boring logs must be provided for each boring. - All borings must be advanced a.) at least 5 feet past the last observed contamination in a borehole (regardless of the depth to groundwater) or b.) 2 feet below groundwater in locations where no contamination is observed or c.) refusal. - Test pits must be advanced using equipment, not hand tools, unless otherwise specified. Test pits must be advanced to native soils underneath observed debris, contamination, or until groundwater precludes deeper excavation. - Monitoring wells must be permanent monitoring wells constructed and installed in accordance with the most recent ADEC Monitoring Well Guidance. All wells in the Kodiak ATCT, Building 605, Former Tank Farm and Pipeline, and Former Communications and Housing Facility areas must be flush mounted unless site conditions dictate the need for a stick-up well. - Some wells in the NW portion of the CT site may require installation of monitoring wells by hand due to site access restrictions (steep mossy slope down to the lake). - All groundwater sampling must be conducted according to the most recent 18 AAC 75, ADEC Field Sampling Guidance and Groundwater Sampling and Monitoring Wells Guidance using low flow methods to minimize VOC loss. - The Contractor must utilize an in-well data collection system (pressure transducers) to gather continuous conductivity, temperature, and depth (CTD) data over the duration of the tidal cycle. - The Contractor must perform GPR surveys at multiple locations prior to conducting any intrusive site work to confirm the locations of buried debris, concrete, groundwater interface, and/or bedrock surface, as called out in their respective sections within this SOW. - The Contractor must provide utility locate services to identify all buried utility systems where work will take place. - The full SOW and any referenced attachments will be provided at time of solicitation. Response to this notification must be recieved in order to be included in the solicitation. Responses must include the following information: In order to better understand the market for this potential requirement, the FAA requests the following information from interested SEDB 8(a) certified vendors: 1. Name of Company (the resultant Prime contractor that may ultimately be awarded the subsequent contract) 2. Address 3. Point of Contact name, email address and telephone number 4. UEI Number 5. Relevant experience on similar projects within the last five years. Please provide specific contract numbers, contact names and email information to support claimed capabilities. The System for Award Management (SAM) registration for interested Contractors must show that they are an active SBA certified 8(a) program participant or the interested Contractor must provide a copy of their SBA 8(a) certification letter in their response to this notice to be considered for inclusion in the future solicitation. Please submit your capability statement and the above information to Sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov no later than March 27, 2026 at 1200 Central Time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sonia Holguin
  - Email: sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov
  - Phone: 8172224397
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Todd Butler
  - Email: Todd.Butler@faa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/268c948c22ba40548f0b4107003cb0fe/view)