# 20--TILE 24 X24 INCH

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 08:05:00.408-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426RYA58

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|N741.3||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|MIL-I-45208 | INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| PRODUCTION LOT TESTING|1|| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|COMBO INVOICE AND RECEIVING||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS (FEB 1995)|2||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION LEVEL REQUIREMENTS (NOV 2025))|1|| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|336611|1250 (# OF EMPLOYEES)|||||||||||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FIRM FIXED PRICE| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| "This solicitation is for the following PROCUREMENT: 1. CLIN 0001; TILE,BLANK,24X24; NSN: 1HM 2090 016160268 ST; Quantity 897. 2.The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally,requiringthe contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders,taskorders,delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instantprocurement are considered to be ""issued"" by the Government when copies areeither deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by otherelectronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of thecontractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to ""issue"" contractualdocuments as detailed herein. 4.If requirement will be packaged at alocation different from theofferor's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGEof the facility. 5.Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO certifiedfor national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System(DPAS).Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for NationalDefense,Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 6.If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requestedonthe individual solicitation page under Contract Opportunities on SAM.govwebsite. After requesting access, send an email to the POC listed on thesolicitation. 7. THIS REQUIREMENT REQUIRES HIGHER LEVEL INSPECTION CODE: MIL-I-45208 8. FAR 52.209-1 is hereby incorporated into this solicitation. 9. A DD254 applies to this requirement. Offerors must have a valid U.S.security clearance of classified or higher in order to respond to this RFPbecause the RFP includes an annex (information) classified at the confidentiallevel which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriateclearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with theNational Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) (DoD 5220-22-M)and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). 10. Offerors whose company size is greater than the size standard forthe applicable NAICS in FAR 52.204-8 herein(1250 employees) shall submit aSmallBusiness Subcontracting Plan with their proposal, in accordance withFAR52.219-9. Government source inspection is required. Unit Price:__________ FIRM Total Price:__________ FIRM Procurement Turnaround Time (PTAT) :_________ Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not at source:__________" 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the TILE 24 X24 INCH . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2 ;The contractor is in possession of NAVSEA Drawing 690-6726598, all associated drawings, and documents required to manufacture this item.; 2.2.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.3 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.4 Identification of Classified Documents - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have authorized access to classified documents in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254). The classified documents and security level are: ;NAVSEA DWG. 690-6726598, DURA 1 Polyurea Material Specification Confidential; DRAWING DATA=ADDITIONAL |03950| -| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6726598 |53711| A|DW |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |K |000115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Source Control Item - Previous delivery of this specified National Stock Number or similar item manufactured to technical procurement specifications and/or drawings supplied by a Government activity or Price Contractor does not in itself qualify a supplier as a Government approved source. Only those sources for this item currently approved by the Government have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new supplier is normally such that award cannot be delayed pending approval of the new source. Qualification and testing requirements are extensive and time consuming. To maintain appropriate stock levels and prevent work stoppage, a prospective contractor must be determined to be qualified by the engineering activity prior to submitting offer. If you have not been solicited and you can furnish either (a) proof of your prior approval as a supplier of this item, or (b) data showing you have produced the same or similar items satisfactorily for the Government or a commercial source, or (c) test data indicating your product can meet service operating requirements, or (d) other pertinent data concerning your qualification to produce the required item, notify the Procurement Contracting Officer in writing, furnishing said proof of data for evaluation, possibly leading to your firm being authorized as an approved source for this procurement or subsequent procurements. Your interest will be forwarded to the In-Service Engineering Agent (ISEA) responsible for this item.; 3.2 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the TILE 24 X24 INCH furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;690-6726598; cage ;53711/03950, DURA 1 TILE,BLANK; . 3.2.1 ; Specific Requirements - A. O-ring Cord - O-ring cord not required for DURA 1 TILE,BLANK. The shipyards cut blanks to various sizes and shapes and use their own o-ring. B. Molds - The manufacturer is responsible for designing the mold(s), which will be used to make the DURA 1 tiles. C. Mold Release - Mold release used shall be teflon or polyvinyl alcohol(PVA). No other release agent shall be used.; 3.2.2 ;Additional drawing references available as required at NSWCPD Code 332, 5001 S Broad St, Philadelphia, PA 19112. POC: Paul Lampazzi; 3.3 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;Mil-Std-129 and all drawing requirements; . 3.3.1 ;Each Tile shall be marked in accordance with NAVSEA Drawing 690-6726598 Appendix B paragraph 40.7.2.; 3.4 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.4.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor. 3.5 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 3.6 First Article Approval (Government Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required. 3.6.1 ;Samples for First Article Tests - The manufacture shall provide samples for First Article Tests. The tiles submitted shall be certified to have the same composition, location of manufacturing, equipment and manufacturing process as the material to be supplied on subsequent lots. The following samples are required to be submitted for First Article Tests(FAT)of DURA 1 tiles: ~(1) 30 inch by 30 inch sample bonded to steel plate in accordance with NAVSEA DWG 6726598 (Conf) (performance test) ~(3) 3.4 diameter by 2 inch thick samples (compressibility, hardness,& density) ~(2) 0.25 +/- 0.02 inch by 0.25 +/- 0.02inch by 10 +/- 0.25 inch test samples (String Resonance)^ ~(4) 6 inch by 6 inch by 0.080 inch sheets (tensile)^ ~(1)6 inch by 6 inch by 0.125 inch sheets (DMA) ~(1) final tile (Dimensions, workmanship,marking) ~In-process batch QA blocks (at beginning and end of pour)^Same cure process FAT sample requirements per Paul Lampazzi, Naval Surface Warfare Center Philadelphia, 5001 South Broad Street FAT is a one time test, so long as the contractor passes FAT. If contractor is previously qualified from a previous set of FAT an additional FAT submittal is not required and the contractor can submit straight to 3.7 Production Lot Approval; 3.7 Production Lot Approval (Government Testing) - Production Lot Test and approval is required. 3.7.1 ;The following samples are required to be submitted for Lot Acceptance (PLT) of DURA 1 tiles: ~(3) 3.4 diameter by 2 inch thick samples (compressibility, hardness, and density) ~(2) 0.25 +/- 0.02 inch by 0.25 +/- 0.02 inch by 10 +/-0.25 inch test samples (String Resonance)^ ~(4) 6 inch by 6 inch by 0.080 inch sheets (tensile)^ ~(1) 6 inch by 6 inch by 0.125 inch sheets (DMA) ~(1) finaltile (Dimensions, workmanship, marking) ~In-process batch QA blocks (at beginning and end of pour) ^Same cure process PLT sample requirements per Paul Lampazzi, Naval Surface Warfare Center Philadelphia, 5001 South Broad Street ; 3.8 Security Clearance Required - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have a Government Security Clearance in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254). 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE ANY REFERENCE TO FIRST ARTICLE TEST INFORMATION (GOVERNMENT - DESTRUCTIVE) IS HEREBY WAIVED FOR THIS ITEM 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208. 4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 4.5 First Article Test/Inspection (Government) - The Contractor shall deliver ;,as identified in requirements section of this TDP, all required; unit(s) to ;Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division, 5001 South Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19112, Atten: Code 332; for First Article Tests in accordance with the ;NAVSEA Drawing 690-6726598 and Appendix B; . 4.6 ;Production Lot Test (Government) - The Contractor shall deliver the required number of units per lot size to the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Philadelphia, 5001 South Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA Atten: Code 332 for production lot testing in accordance with NAVSEA Drawing 690-6726598 and Appendix B. Government production lot tests shall consist of destructive testing. ; 4.7 Production Lot Test Approval - Production Lot Test approval is required prior to shipment of the Production Lot. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f24de16e4e8c4ffbbac9de6a786b7630/view