---
layout: default
title: Kill-web Operations Sustainment & Maintenance Of SDA (Space Domain Awareness) Systems (KOSMOSS) #2
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5e3f683b1b284f03a71361e569cd9651
---

# Kill-web Operations Sustainment & Maintenance Of SDA (Space Domain Awareness) Systems (KOSMOSS) #2

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 16:53:25.924-04
- Solicitation Number: SSC_BMC3I_SpOC_MD2_2STS_KOSMOSS_2

## Summary

Seeking a holistic approach for future contract award(s) to support the development, maintenance, sustainment, and modernization of integrated Mission Delta 2 (MD 2) capabilities. Mission Delta 3 (MD 3) capabilities are also included in this RFI. Additional capabilities from other Deltas may come out in future RFIs. Level of classification runs from unclassified to Top Secret SCI. 1. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. This notice does not constitute a commitment by the Government. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary, and the Government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the Government. The Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of submissions or of the information received, or to provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted under this announcement. 1.1. The stand-up of integrated Mission Deltas highlights the need to modernize and integrate systems that address “Kill Webs” and support Space Domain Awareness across the operational spectrum. Previously identified strategic pillars included: Ground-based telescopes Ground-based radars Software/SDA Mission processing Infrastructure/networks, to enable resilient/redundant pathways for data transport This Sources Sought builds on RFI #1 and seeks information on potential prime contractors and sub-contractors to perform development, sustainment, maintenance and modernization for the following additional strategic pillars owned by Mission Delta 2, and Mission Delta 3: MD 3 - Space electromagnetic warfare systems MD 2 & MD 3 - System engineering/integration The government is also interested in common supporting functions (paragraph 2.4 and 2.5) for the MD 2 and MD3 enterprises, such as: Cyber hygiene Testing support Training support Configuration management (CM) Data management (DM) Media archive management Contractor logistics systems management Lastly, the government seeks additional specifics on your experiences with depot sustainment support and engineering (paragraph 2.6), DevSecOps and its support functions (paragraph 2.7), and contract types (paragraph 2.8). 1.2. As stated in RFI #1, MD 2 generates, presents, sustains, and improves combat-ready Space Domain Awareness (SDA) forces to secure our Nation’s interest in, from and to space. New for this RFI, MD 3 delivers combat ready capabilities for electromagnetic warfare across the full spectrum of operational environments, which includes contested space. The enterprise includes a diverse portfolio of ground-based and remotely operated systems. The government is interested in innovative products and processes that can improve/modernize supply chains, lifecycle engineering, spares forecasting, modernization pacing and training pipelines. Not all future systems or Strategic Pillars are identified and recommended ways to integrate across these additional pillars is desired, see paragraph 2.2. The government expects an agile approach to support the rapid and continuous release of capabilities to the user. This Sources Sought Announcement is issued solely for informational and planning purposes only and is not a solicitation. 2. Information Requested: Please answer all questions/statements in each numbered paragraph, if not applicable to your business ‘N/A’ is acceptable, interested parties are requested to provide information addressing the following: 2.1. Which Strategic Pillars (Electromagnetic warfare, System Engineering & Integration) and/or supporting capabilities are you interested in? Would your company prefer to serve as a prime contractor, sub-contractor or both? 2.2. Does your company have experience in System Engineering and Integration (SE&I)? Please provide specific examples that include experience as the Program Integrator and any resulting outcomes. What would you recommend for integration processes, and any artifacts/deliverables spanning multiple task orders across an IDIQ? Do you have experience with reading DoDAF and writing/maintaining Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE)? 2.3. What experience does your company have supporting the Space Electromagnetic Warfare Tactical Operations Center (SEWTOC)? Please provide specific examples and any resulting outcomes. 2.3.1. Has your company demonstrated the ability to sustain, maintain, and/or modernize electromagnetic warfare systems? Please provide specific examples and any resulting outcomes. Does your company foresee any challenges, including ITAR restrictions, with performance at overseas locations? 2.4. Does your company have experience with any of the following common supporting functions: cyber hygiene, testing support, training support, configuration management (CM), data management (DM), media archive management? Please provide specific examples and any resulting outcomes. Please also comment on the supporting function which your company is interested in. 2.5. Does your company have experience with Contractor Logistics Systems? Please provide specific examples and any resulting outcomes. What lessons learned and best practices would you recommend that ensure timely delivery of critical repair parts in a contested logistics environment? 2.5.1. Please detail your strategic approach to demand planning and inventory management for pre-positioned assets across a global distribution network. Furthermore, describe your company's experience managing these inventories, including specific methodologies used for demand forecasting and inventory optimization to support global operations. 2.6. Please specify which of the following strategic pillar(s) fall within your core expertise: ground-based telescopes, ground-based radars, software/SDA mission processing, infrastructure/networks, space electromagnetic warfare systems, and system engineering/integration. For your specified area(s), does your company have experience in depot sustainment support and associated sustaining engineering? Please summarize your experience, provide specific examples and any resulting outcomes. 2.6.1. For your specified strategic pillar from 2.6, describe your experience implementing data-driven sustainment efforts. Detail the methodologies and tools you use to collect and analyze Reliability, Availability, Maintainability (RAM) data, the metric framework you applied, and how your approach improved system availability and reduced operational downtime. 2.7. Does your company have experience with agile DevSecOps software development processes and associated pipelines within a government partnership? Please provide specific examples, the type(s) of agile you have successfully implemented (e.g., Lean, scrum, kanban, xp, SAFe, FDD, etc..) and any resulting outcomes. What products or processes would you recommend for adjusting DevSecOps process/pipelines to deliver capabilities at the speed of need while integrating with government leads and program office A&AS personnel? Describe your experience with adaptive software release planning, where the release cadence is driven by evolving mission-critical needs and team velocity, rather than being tied to predetermined enterprise planning events like quarterly increments. 2.7.1 What experience does your company have with Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) concepts and methodologies for supporting full stack software solutions and operating 24/7 support functions? Please provide specific examples and any resulting outcomes. 2.8. Does your company prefer specific contract types? If so, please state preferred contract types. Identifying different contract types for the enterprise level support activities or strategic pillars is acceptable. 2.8.1. Provide examples of your experience on contracts where incentive fees were directly tied to achieving specific RAM metrics, and describe the framework used. 2.9. Classified Program Experience and Clearances. Please detail your company's experience performing on contracts that require access to, and processing of, classified information. Provide specific examples of programs and the security levels involved. State the highest Facility Clearance Level (FCL) your company currently holds and your capability to manage personnel security clearances. If your company is actively pursuing a higher FCL, please specify the target classification level and the estimated completion date for this process. SMALL BUSINESS CONSIDERATION Please include in your response what North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) codes you think should be applicable for this effort. Any business, regardless of size, in this area of expertise, is encouraged to provide a response to this Sources Sought. Responses from small and small disadvantaged businesses are highly encouraged as the government is considering a small business vendor pool for common supporting functions across the enterprise. The Government continues to encourage teaming/partnering. This requirement involves data that is subject to export control requirements under the Arms Export Control Act (Department of State) or the Export Administration Regulations (Department of Commerce). Interested parties desiring to do business with the Space Force shall be registered in the DoD Central Contractor Registry with a CAGE code. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS Responses to this sources-sought, please submit via both PDF and provided Microsoft Forms Link. PDFs: Answer all questions, graphics and diagrams encouraged/helpful to communicate successes/experiences, not to exceed 10 pages. The government will not read past 10 pages of any submission. Online MS Forms: Fill out the Microsoft Forms Link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/Sp9trm1bxk no later than 30 April 2026. Submittals that contain proprietary materials must be coordinated with the Government specified points of contact. SSC and CFC support contractors are supporting the Government in this effort. As such, information submitted in response to this sources-sought may be released to individuals who work for SSC and CFC. Please immediately notify the primary point of contact if your company does not consent to the release of proposal information to these company personnel.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Victoria Lloyd
  - Email: victoria.lloyd@spaceforce.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Bradley Kettlewell
  - Email: bradley.kettlewell.1@spaceforce.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5e3f683b1b284f03a71361e569cd9651/view)