---
layout: default
title: Hazardous fuel reduction, Hagerman NWR, Texas
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 565403bed92d4f73a25fd229c4850f87
---

# Hazardous fuel reduction, Hagerman NWR, Texas

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 11:21:36.808-04
- Solicitation Number: 140FS326R0004

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is issuing a Request for Proposal for the Hazardous Fuel Reduction, Hagerman NWR, Texas. The anticipated performance period is shown below. Period of Performance: Contract award ¿ September 15, 2026 Solicitation 140FS326R0004 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) is 100% Small Business Set Aside and is conducted under FAR Parts 12 and 13, incorporating provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC Number: 2026-01, Effective Date: 3/13/2026. The applicable North American Classification System (NAICS) code is115310, Support Activities for Forestry. The small business size standard is $34 million. Terms & Conditions: Any additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions determined by the contracting officer to be necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices are attached included in the Attachment SF1449-provisions and clauses- 140FS326R0004 The full text of the referenced FAR clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far/ or see terms & conditions attached to the solicitation. In order to be eligible for award, all contractors must have an Active Registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) website https://sam.gov/content/home. Please note, SAM is a free website and there is never a cost to register your entity. Prior to or following receipt of an award, the Contractor must register with the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Invoice Processing Platform System (IPP) to submit requests for payment. Please note, IPP is a free website and there is never a cost to complete registration. Invoices for services will be paid after the end of the month of service, advanced payments are not allowed. Instructions All responsible business may submit a quote, which shall be considered by the agency. Award will be made as a firm-fixed- price contract. The basis of award is the tradeoff method, where consideration of price and the additional evaluation factors described in the Instructions to offerors. Award will be made to a responsible source in pursuant to FAR subpart 9.1. For additional Instructions to Offerors please reference Attachment SF1449 and Attachments 1-4 . Important Submission Dates & Site Visit Info: 1. Site Inspection: Prior to submitting a quote, offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance. A site visit is scheduled for Tuesday April 14, 2026, at 10:00am. Meeting location is 6465 Refuge Rd Sherman TX 75092. Please contact the Site POC Howard Boss at Howard_boss@fws.gov , 580-483-8921 in regard to the site visit. 2. Question Submission: All questions regarding this Solicitation must be submitted in writing to the Contract Specialist, Fred Riley at Fred_riley@ios.doi.gov no later than Friday, April 17, 2026, at 2:00pm EDT. If necessary, questions received will be answered through an Amendment to this Solicitation. Emails must indicate the following in the subject line: Question Submission for 140FS326R0004 3. Quote Submission: Quotes (including all required documents) must be transmitted via e-mail to the Contract Specialist, Fred Riley at fred_riley@ios.doi.gov, no later than Tuesday, April 21, 2026, at 2:00pm EDT. Emails must indicate the following in the subject line: Quote Submission 140FS326R0004. Required Submittal Documents: Offerors responding to this solicitation must submit the following documents: - See SF1449- Solicitation- provisions_and_clauses-_140FS326R0004 - ADDENDUM TO 52.212-1, INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS Complete the attached document or your own version that addresses each element. Your quote will be considered non-responsive and will not be considered if all the above required documents are not completed in full and received as part of your submittal package. An award will be made to the Contractor whose submittal documents conform to the requirements as described in this solicitation and who, based on a subjective assessment from the Government, offers the best value to include technical, past experience, and price. The Government reserves the right to award a contract to other than the lowest priced offer if, in its judgment, the non-cost factors outweighs the price difference. CONTRACT DOCUMENTS, EXHIBITS, OR ATTACHMENTS See attached documents: ATTACHMENT 1 Performance Work Statement ATTACHMENT 2 Quote Schedule ATTACHMENT 3 SCA Wage Determination ATTACHMENT 4 Past Performance Questionnaire Contracting Officer/Office: Fred Riley, Contract Specialist U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service - Joint Administrative Operations (JAO) fred_riley@ios.doi.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Riley, Fred
  - Email: fred_riley@ios.doi.gov
  - Phone: 413-253-8738

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -provisions and clauses- 140FS326R0004 The full text of the referenced FAR clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far/ or see terms & conditions attached to the solicitation. In order to be eligible for award, all contractors must have an Active Registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) website https://sam.gov/content/home. Please note, SAM is a free website and there is never a cost to register your entity. Prior to or following receipt of an award, the Contractor must register with the U.S. Department of the Treasury"s Invoice Processing Platform System (IPP) to submit requests for payment. Please note, IPP is a free website and there is never a cost to complete registration. Invoices for services will be paid after the end of the month of service, advanced payments are not allowed. Instructions All responsible business may submit a quote, which shall be considered by the agency. Award will be made as a firm-fixed- price contract. The basis of award is the tradeoff method, where consideration of price and the additional evaluation factors described in the Instructions to offerors. Award will be made to a responsible source in pursuant to FAR subpart 9.1. For additional Instructions to Offerors please reference Attachment SF1449 and Attachments 1-4 . Important Submission Dates & Site Visit Info: 1. Site Inspection: Prior to submitting a quote, offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance. A site visit is scheduled for Tuesday April 14, 2026, at 10:00am. Meeting location is 6465 Refuge Rd Sherman TX 75092. Please contact the Site POC Howard Boss at Howard_boss@fws.gov , 580-483-8921 in regard to the site visit. 2. Question Submission: All questions regarding this Solicitation must be submitted in writing to the Contract Specialist, Fred Riley at Fred_riley@ios.doi.gov no later than Friday, April 17, 2026, at 2:00pm EDT. If necessary, questions received will be answered through an Amendment to this Solicitation. Emails must indicate the following in the subject line: Question Submission for 140FS326R0004 3. Quote Submission: Quotes (including all required documents) must be transmitted via e-mail to the Contract Specialist, Fred Riley at fred_riley@ios.doi.gov, no later than Tuesday, April 21, 2026, at 2:00pm EDT. Emails must indicate the following in the subject line: Quote Submission 140FS326R0004. Required Submittal Documents: Offerors responding to this solicitation must submit the following documents: - See SF1449- Solicitation- provisions_and_clauses-_140FS326R0004 - ADDENDUM TO 52.212-1, INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS Complete the attached document or your own version that addresses each element. Your quote will be considered non-responsive and will not be considered if all the above required documents are not completed in full and received as part of your submittal package. An award will be made to the Contractor whose submittal documents conform to the requirements as described in this solicitation and who, based on a subjective assessment from the Government, offers the best value to include technical, past experience, and price. The Government reserves the right to award a contract to other than the lowest priced offer if, in its judgment, the non-cost factors outweighs the price difference. CONTRACT DOCUMENTS, EXHIBITS, OR ATTACHMENTS See attached documents: ATTACHMENT 1 Performance Work Statement ATTACHMENT 2 Quote Schedule ATTACHMENT 3 SCA Wage Determination ATTACHMENT 4 Past Performance Questionnaire Contracting Officer/Office: Fred Riley, Contract Specialist U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service - Joint Administrative Operations (JAO) fred_riley@ios.doi.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/565403bed92d4f73a25fd229c4850f87/view)