---
layout: default
title: Paint and Repairs IDIQ
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ba14f61e90f446f098ae880622269281
---

# Paint and Repairs IDIQ

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 15:49:48.465-04
- Solicitation Number: PANMCC-26-P-0000041790

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE INTRODUCTION The U.S. Government – Mission and Installation Contracting Command, Fort Leonard Wood, is issuing this sources sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support the requirement for a Paint and Repairs Indefinite-Delivery Indefinite-Quantity (IDIQ) Contract. The intention is to procure these services on a competitive basis. The Department of Public Works will not host a site visit. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION, and one award MAY be made. All Small Business Set-Aside categories will be considered. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Location 100% On-Site Government - Fort Leonard Wood, MO / LORA 0% Off-Site Contractor DISCLAIMER “THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A “INVITATION FOR BID (IFB)” TO BE SUBMITTED. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. RESPONSES WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO THE RESPONDER. NOT RESPONDING TO THIS NOTICE DOES NOT PRECLUDE PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) OR INVITATION FOR BID (IFB) OR RFP, IF ANY ISSUED. IF A SOLICITATION IS RELEASED, IT WILL BE SYNOPSIZED ON THE GOVERNMENT-WIDE POINT OF ENTRY (GPE). IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF POTENTIAL OFFERORS TO MONITOR THE GPE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMMATION PERTAINING TO THIS REQUIREMENT.” PROGRAM BACKGROUND A continuing need is anticipated for the paint requirement, which is currently being fulfilled through current contract # W911S7-21-D-0009. Attached is the draft Statement of Work (SOW). REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The Contractor shall provide the paint and repair services in support of the areas specified in the draft Statement of Work (SOW). If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, email address, Web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; and 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) provide services consistent, in scope and scale, with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; 3) implement a successful project management plan that includes: compliance with tight program schedules; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance; hiring and retention of key personnel and risk mitigation; and 4) provide services under a performance based service acquisition contract. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 238320 Painting and Wall Covering Contractors with a Small Business Size Standard of $19 million. The Product Service Code is Z2AZ. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) A draft Statement of Work (SOW) and draft Task List is attached. Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages in length in Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 1 pm, CDT, 2 April 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be e-mailed to shania.n.mcbride.civ@army.mil. This documentation must address at a minimum the following items: 1.) What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? 2.) Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. 3.) Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. 4.) What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? 5.) Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this SOW for the base period as well as the option periods. 6.) Provide a statement including current small/large business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, DUNs number, etc. 7.) Respondents to this notice also must indicate whether they qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Women-Owned, HUBZone, or Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern. 8.) Include in your response your ability to meet the requirements in the Facility and Safeguarding requirements. The estimated period of performance consists of Base Year with Four Option Years, for a total of 5 years with performance commencing in September 2026. The contract type is anticipated to be Firm Fixed Price. The proposed contract is anticipated to include tasking that would be accomplished by labor categories that are subject to the Davis-Bacon Act. Upon evaluation of the capability statements, if it is determined that this requirement will be an unrestricted competition, the Government intends to evaluate the Small-Business responses and conduct further market research to identify a subcontracting goal. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, Shania McBride, in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email: shania.n.mcbride.civ@army.mil. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. No phone calls will be accepted. All questions must be submitted to the contract specialist identified above. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this Sources Sought.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shania McBride
  - Email: shania.n.mcbride.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5209441426
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Blia Vue
  - Email: blia.vue.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5209441512

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ba14f61e90f446f098ae880622269281/view)