---
layout: default
title: 70--DISPLAY UNIT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 3bf47c15a05e4d51a4592941242f13ba
---

# 70--DISPLAY UNIT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 08:41:56.229-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRPA126RXA89

## Summary

NSN 7R-7025-017016736-P8, REF NR 1072288P-7, QTY 48 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing/repair knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition/repair of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights,manufacturing/repair knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the Government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has not been determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open competition. Only the source(s) previously approved by the Government for this item have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in one of the NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support (NAVSUP WSS) Source Approval Information Brochures listed below. Spares: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Sup port/Business-Opps/ Repair: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP -Weapon-Systems-Support/Business-Opps/ technical data required to be submitted based on your company's experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVSUP WSS submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet Government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue based on Fleet support needs. The NAVSUP WSS Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Support/Bus iness-Opps/" This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing/repair knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition/repair of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights,manufacturing/repair knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the Government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has not been determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open competition. Only the source(s) previously approved by the Government for this item have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in one of the NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support (NAVSUP WSS) Source Approval Information Brochures listed below. Spares: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Sup port/Business-Opps/ Repair: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP -Weapon-Systems-Support/Business-Opps/ technical data required to be submitted based on your company's experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVSUP WSS submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet Government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue based on Fleet support needs. The NAVSUP WSS Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Support/Bus iness-Opps/" Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets the qualification requirement(s) at time of award, in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1. The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements and is cited in each individual solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ALEIDA MARTE, APBA.20, PHONE (215)737-7175, FAX (215)737-7149, EMAIL ALEIDA.MARTE@DLA.MIL
  - Email: ALEIDA.MARTE@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3bf47c15a05e4d51a4592941242f13ba/view)