---
layout: default
title: INL Kyiv Surreptitious Equipment
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fa21f3df68ca4cd08549ef06f461feb0
---

# INL Kyiv Surreptitious Equipment

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 12:50:55.277-04
- Solicitation Number: 191NLE26I0018

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice: 191NLE26I0018 - INL Kyiv Surreptitious Equipment PSC:H229: Equipment and Materials Testing – Miscellaneous NAICS: 423610:Electrical Apparatus and Equipment, Wiring Supplies, and Related Equipment Merchant Wholesalers Background: The National Police of Ukraine (NPU) and State Border Guard Services (SBGS) counternarcotics investigative bodies focus on dismantling the most prolific transnational drug organizations, specifically those engaged in the production of synthetics and other substances most likely to impact Americans. The requirement is to provide direct support to disrupt TCO drug trafficking network. The NPU Counternarcotics Department, Migration Police Department, and SBGS Investigative Activities Department have requested INL to strengthen their investigative capacity. This Sources Sought notice is issued for planning market research purposes only, and does not constitute a solicitation for proposals, offers, bids, and/or quotes. This is not an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation, or confirmation that the Government will contract for the items contained in the Sources Sought, nor is any commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract implied. Responses to this notice will assist the Government in identifying potential sources and in determining if a Small Business set-aside of the solicitation is appropriate, as well as determining if delivery of the equipment can be delivered within 180-days of a potential award. Respondents are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Sources Sought. Responses to this notice will not be returned. The following information is requested in this RFI/Sources Sought: 1. Company name, point of contact, phone number, and address; 2. UEI Number and CAGE Code; 3. Interest in nature of participation [e.g., prime contractor, teaming partner, primary subcontractor]; 4. SDVOSB/HUBZONE/8(a)/WOSB or other SBA certification for applicable NAICS; 5. Statement of capabilities applicable to this requirement; 6. MUST SPECIFY DELIVERY TIME. If unable to deliver within 180-days, please specify reasonable delivery times Interested contractors may provide the above information via e-mail to the addresses listed below. Information submitted must be in sufficient detail as to allow for a thorough government review of the firm's interest and capabilities. This information is due no later than Tuesday, April 14, 2026, at 5:00 PM EST. Primary Point of Contact: Michele Coccovizzo Senior Contract Support Specialist CoccovizzoML@state.gov Secondary Point of Contact: Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer TimmonsJ@state.gov Technical Specifications: SEE ATTACHED APPENDIX A New product only. The offeror is responsible for obtaining all equipment requested directly from the manufacturer. The offeror is fully responsible for the delivery of safe, fully operational and complete equipment and accessories. • The offeror shall provide a full one-year manufacturer warranty. Delivery (Shipping and Handling Instructions): The vendor is responsible for the preparation of delivery of all items listed above. Vendor will coordinate with COR for delivery/collection at vendor location. Delivery shall be made FOB Origin as soon as possible but not later than one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of contract award and in accordance with the instructions from the COR, post award. FOB Origin shall be coordinated via INL freight forwarder (DFS). All Delivery will be coordinated with INL COR and provide requested information. Partial shipments of complete items are authorized and in coordination with the Contracting Officer or the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). The Contractor shall properly pack and consolidate the entire shipment to prevent damage, loss and/or misdirection. Upon notification, the contractor shall replace any items lost or damaged during shipment. Partial shipments are not allowed unless approved in writing by the Contracting Officer. The items acquired through this contract will be donated to the government of Ukraine. In addition to ensuring that all items are prepared for safe shipment, the contractor shall include all the necessary export approvals, required material data safety sheets, licenses, and paperwork. One copy of the packing list and commercial invoice must accompany the shipment, attached to the outside of the “lead” or number one box/carton/package, or individually attached to the outside of each box/carton/package. The packing list shall include, at a minimum: description, brand name, serial number (if any), and quantities. Warranty: To facilitate expeditious return of warranty items and to avoid delays in the warranty process, the offeror shall provide within 30 days of notification of a warranty action the required information to facilitate shipping of warranty items to manufacturer. This includes, but is not limited to, information to ensure full compliance with ITAR regulations and no delay in providing the Reference RA# and a shipping address. Customs Clearance and Tax Exemptions: If applicable, the U.S. Government will assist the Contractor in obtaining customs clearance in Ukraine and tax exemption certificates from the Government of Ukraine in accordance with the packing, marking, and submission of documents as instructed herein. Export License: The Contractor shall comply with Sections 38-40 of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) (22 U.S.C. 2778-2780) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Parts 120-130) as required, for the prosecution of work under this contract at no additional cost to the Government. Failure to be in compliance with AECA and ITAR by date planned for commencement of contract performance as well as during the entire performance of work under this contract may result in contract termination. Any penalties rendered to the Contractor, as a direct result of being found non-compliance with AECA and ITAR will be the responsibility of the Contractor. The contractor is responsible for producing all required paperwork and obtaining all required Export Licenses. For additional information on AECA and ITAR, see http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/. Inspection And Acceptance: The equipment shall be received from vendor warehouse in United States where it will be consolidated for shipping / pick up by INL freight forwarder. The packing list of all equipment shall include at a minimum: description, brand name, serial number (if any), weight, and quantities. Partial Deliveries of completed contract line-item numbers (CLINs) will be accepted. A factory / warehouse visit may be conducted by INL COR and/or delegated representatives to evaluate quality assurance, quality control, shipping control, physical inspection of randomly selected finished items prior to shipping.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michele Coccovizzo
  - Email: coccovizzoML@state.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jamillah Timmons
  - Email: timmonsj@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: New product only. The offeror is responsible for obtaining all equipment requested directly from the manufacturer. The offeror is fully responsible for the delivery of safe, fully operational and complete equipment and accessories. • The offeror shall provide a full one-year manufacturer warranty. Delivery (Shipping and Handling Instructions): The vendor is responsible for the preparation of delivery of all items listed above. Vendor will coordinate with COR for delivery/collection at vendor location. Delivery shall be made FOB Origin as soon as possible but not later than one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of contract award and in accordance with the instructions from the COR, post award. FOB Origin shall be coordinated via INL freight forwarder (DFS). All Delivery will be coordinated with INL COR and provide requested information. Partial shipments of complete items are authorized and in coordination with the Contracting Officer or the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). The Contractor shall properly pack and consolidate the entire shipment to prevent damage, loss and/or misdirection. Upon notification, the contractor shall replace any items lost or damaged during shipment. Partial shipments are not allowed unless approved in writing by the Contracting Officer. The items acquired through this contract will be donated to the government of Ukraine. In addition to ensuring that all items are prepared for safe shipment, the contractor shall include all the necessary export approvals, required material data safety sheets, licenses, and paperwork. One copy of the packing list and commercial invoice must accompany the shipment, attached to the outside of the “lead” or number one box/carton/package, or individually attached to the outside of each box/carton/package. The packing list shall include, at a minimum: description, brand name, serial number (if any), and quantities. Warranty: To facilitate expeditious return of warranty items and to avoid delays in the warranty process, the offeror shall provide within 30 days of notification of a warranty action the required information to facilitate shipping of warranty items to manufacturer. This includes, but is not limited to, information to ensure full compliance with ITAR regulations and no delay in providing the Reference RA# and a shipping address. Customs Clearance and Tax Exemptions: If applicable, the U.S. Government will assist the Contractor in obtaining customs clearance in Ukraine and tax exemption certificates from the Government of Ukraine in accordance with the packing, marking, and submission of documents as instructed herein. Export License: The Contractor shall comply with Sections 38-40 of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) (22 U.S.C. 2778-2780) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Parts 120-130) as required, for the prosecution of work under this contract at no additional cost to the Government. Failure to be in compliance with AECA and ITAR by date planned for commencement of contract performance as well as during the entire performance of work under this contract may result in contract termination. Any penalties rendered to the Contractor, as a direct result of being found non-compliance with AECA and ITAR will be the responsibility of the Contractor. The contractor is responsible for producing all required paperwork and obtaining all required Export Licenses. For additional information on AECA and ITAR, see http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/. Inspection And Acceptance: The equipment shall be received from vendor warehouse in United States where it will be consolidated for shipping / pick up by INL freight forwarder. The packing list of all equipment shall include at a minimum: description, brand name, serial number (if any), weight, and quantities. Partial Deliveries of completed contract line-item numbers (CLINs) will be accepted. A factory / warehouse visit may be conducted by INL COR and/or delegated representatives to evaluate quality assurance, quality control, shipping control, physical inspection of randomly selected finished items prior to shipping

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fa21f3df68ca4cd08549ef06f461feb0/view)