---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice to obtain a fully automated digital cytology system for Brooke Army Medical Center (BAMC) Department of Pathology and Area Laboratory Services Cytology Laboratory, Fort Sam Houston, Texas.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 437ce5767d434ec39c8475bad3553b52
---

# Sources Sought Notice to obtain a fully automated digital cytology system for Brooke Army Medical Center (BAMC) Department of Pathology and Area Laboratory Services Cytology Laboratory, Fort Sam Houston, Texas.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 10:13:15.592-04
- Solicitation Number: 3-31-2026

## Summary

The Medical Readiness Contracting Office West (MRCO -W) is issuing this Sources Sought Notice to find potential sources to establish a for the Brooke Army Medical Center (BAMC) Department of Pathology and Area Laboratory Services – requirement to obtain a fully automated digital cytology system for Brooke Army Medical Center (BAMC) Department of Pathology and Area Laboratory Services Cytology Laboratory, Fort Sam Houston, Texas. The Genius® Digital Diagnostics System is the first and only FDA-cleared digital cytology system—combining a new artificial intelligence (AI) with advanced volumetric imaging technology to help cytologists and pathologists identify precancerous lesions, cervical neoplasia, cervical cancer cells, infectious organisms and glandular components. The Hologic Genius™ Cervical AI is a highly specialized, FDA?cleared artificial intelligence algorithm that performs comprehensive digital cytology analysis on ThinPrep® Pap Test slides. The Hologic System, including associated hardware and software, is required to support high-complexity cytology and digital pathology workflows within the Cytology Section at BAMC. A base period of performance from 01 October 2026 through 30 September 2031 will be required for this action. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION ANNOUNCEMENT – This is a Sources Sought Notice and is issued solely for information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Quote (RFQ) or a promise to issue an RFQ in the future. Solicitations are not available at this time and requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. This notice does not constitute a commitment by the United States Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary; the United States Government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the United States Government. Not responding to this Sources Sought Notice does not preclude participation in any future RFQ, should one be issued. It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this requirement. The Government will use responses to this notice in formulating its acquisition strategy. If the Government does not receive sufficient information in response to this notice to verify the potential for competition exists, it is possible that a sole- source contract, supported by a Justification and Approval document, will be issued to support the Government's requirement. MRCO-W is seeking the following information (please answer paragraph below with your response): Company name, CAGE code, and point of contact information (including phone number and email address), and socio-economic category(ies) as related to NAICS 325413 (In-Vitro Diagnostic Substance Manufacturing), such as 8(a), HUBZone, Women-Owned, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, Small, or Other-than-Small. Capability Statement (limited to ten pages), describing how your company meets the objectives below, providing additional proof (such as FDA approval) where appropriate: Our customer, the Department of Pathology Anatomic Pathology Department at BAMC requires the following reagents, consumables, calibrators, controls: Requirements of Services to be provided: All in-vitro diagnostic equipment and supplies must be approved by the FDA. Test Menu and Special Requirements for Awarded Contractor: Vendor must meet, or improve, each Laboratory's existing turn-around times as a minimum. Vendor must provide a cytology and digital software system, including associated hardware and software components, to support high-complexity cytology and digital pathology workflows within the Cytology Section at BAMC. The vendor will provide all components of the Genius® Digital Diagnostics System - Genius™ Digital Imager, Genius™ Image Management Server (IMS), Genius™ Review Station and the Genius™ Cervical AI software. In addition to the Genius® Digital Diagnostics System, the vendor will provide a Review microscope in case a manual review of slides becomes necessary. The vendor will provide the lease, installation, configuration, validation, and maintenance of the following Hologic components: Equipment and Supplies: Contractor shall provide all necessary components to conduct testing as per workload data table on the testing identified. Contractor must provide 5 years of FDA field action notifications, if possible. Contractor provides Genius™ Cervical AI: An FDA?cleared artificial intelligence algorithm trained on millions of cervical cell images. It automatically detects clinically significant findings—including ASCUS, low? and high?grade squamous dysplasia, and glandular abnormalities—then prioritizes areas of concern and generates a curated gallery of suspicious fields for cytologist review. Contractor provides Genius™ Digital Imager: A high?performance imaging platform that converts ThinPrep Pap slides into high?resolution, all?in?focus whole?slide digital images. It uses advanced volumetric imaging to capture multiple focal planes, ensuring exceptional clarity even in overlapping or thick cell groups. The system is engineered for high?throughput laboratory environments. Provides a slide capacity of 400 slides with continuous slides loading. Contractor provides Genius™ Review Station - 27? medical?grade monitor display. Contractor will provide the Genius™ Image Management Server (IMS). Contractor will provide MANUAL REVIEW MICROSCOPE. Software revisions/updates for safety hazards/FDA recalls are included at no extra cost. Contractor replaces worn/defective parts to restore equipment to 100% operational conditions as specified by the OEM. Emergency orders will be delivered within 24 hours using overnight shipping, or, if this shipping requirement cannot be met, the Contractor shall identify the guaranteed emergency order shipping method that can be accommodated in their response to the Solicitation for Bid. The response due date for this Sources Sought Notice is 04:00 PM CST, 14 April 2026. All questions and comments regarding this announcement shall be submitted via e-mail to medina.l.woodson.civ@health.mil and salameya.paulouskaya2.civ@health.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Medina L. Woodson
  - Email: medina.l.woodson.civ@health.mil
  - Phone: 210-808-5753
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Salameya Paulouskaya
  - Email: salameya.paulouskaya2.civ@health.mil
  - Phone: 210-539-8656

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/437ce5767d434ec39c8475bad3553b52/view)