---
layout: default
title: NOI - Flow Cytometer Maintenance Service
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e6aae0f682b14eab82157d25934827e9
---

# NOI - Flow Cytometer Maintenance Service

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 17:43:48.436-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIAID-02214

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source 1. SOLICITATION NUMBER: PCA-NIAID-02214 2. TITLE: Service and Maintenance of Flow Cytometer 3. RESPONSE DATE: April 21, 2026 at 4:00 pm EST. 4. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: Elaine Estrella Contract Specialist Elaine.estrella@nih.gov Brian Lind Contract Specialist Brian.lind@nih.gov I. INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The National Institute of Health Hospital Laboratory Support Service (NIHHLS) intends to negotiate and award a purchase order without providing for full and open competition to Cytek Biosciences, Inc. The purpose of this contract is to provide coverage for parts and services for any required maintenance of the Cytek flow cytometer, and its lasers (serial number Y1440) during the period of performance specified in the order. The coverage applies to the instrumentation and lasers and includes labor, travel expenses, and parts. The Flow Cytometers are currently in use by the Laboratory of Viral Diseases (LVD), which carries out investigations of the molecular biology of viruses, the interactions of viruses with host cells, the pathogenesis of viral diseases, and host defense mechanisms. II. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 811210 - Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance with a business size standard classification of $34 M. This acquisition is set aside for small businesses. III. REGULATORY AUTHORITY The resultant contract will include all applicable provisions and clauses in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2024-07 dated 08-29-2024. This acquisition is conducted under the procedures as prescribed in FAR Part 12— Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services IV. STATUTORY AUTHORITY This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Part 12 Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services and the statutory authority of FAR 6.302-1—Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements 41 U.S.C. 3304 (a)(1). V. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: A. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this requirement is to provide the NIAID with an acquisition of a maintenance service contract to support the operation of the flow cytometer unit (serial number Y1440). The goal of the conducts and supports basic and applied research to better understand, treat, and ultimately prevent infectious, immunologic, and allergic diseases. This maintenance service contract will ensure that the flow cytometer continues to function and support NIAID research. B. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: NIHHLS anticipates a firm fixed price purchase order. This requirement shall consist of a 12-month base period and (4) 12-month option periods. The estimated period of performance shall be as follows: Base year: April 23, 2026 to April 22, 2027 (12 months) Option year 1: April 23, 2026 to April 22, 2027 (12 months) Option year 2: April 23, 2026 to April 22, 2027 (12 months) Option year 3: April 23, 2026 to April 22, 2027 (12 months) Option year 4 April 23, 2026 to April 22, 2027 (12 months) PROJECT REQUIREMENTS: Refer to the attached Statement of Work for detailed project requirement. VI. CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, Cytek Biosciences Inc.. is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NIHHLS. The equipment is proprietary to its manufacturer, Cytek Biosciences, Inc., and this company is the sole provider of maintenance for this equipment. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only Cytek Biosciences, Inc. is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: Cytek Biosciences, Inc. 47215 Lakeview Blvd. Fremont, CA 94538 USA VII. CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, PCA-NIAID-02214. Responses must be submitted electronically to Elaine Estrella, Contract Specialist at elaine.estrella@nih.gov or Brian Lind, Contract Specialist at brian.lind@nih.gov on or before April 21, 2026 at 4:00pm Eastern Standard Time (EST).. .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elaine Estrella
  - Email: elaine.estrella@nih.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Lind
  - Email: brian.lind@nih.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e6aae0f682b14eab82157d25934827e9/view)