---
layout: default
title: 6515--NX EQ Physiologic Motility Analyzers (EndoFLIP) (VA-26-00041212)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1920353f06f94a5baf3ed9ba02e3a440
---

# 6515--NX EQ Physiologic Motility Analyzers (EndoFLIP) (VA-26-00041212)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 11:51:15.765-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0075
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 16 of 16 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 16 SUBJECT* NX EQ Scanning System Ultrasonic Endoscopic (VA-25-00067268) GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE S ZIP CODE* 22408-2697 SOLICITATION NUMBER* 36C10G25Q0086 RESPONSE DATE/TIME/ZONE 05-13-2025 12:00 PM EASTERN TIME, NEW YORK, USA ARCHIVE 30 DAYS AFTER THE RESPONSE DATE RECOVERY ACT FUNDS N SET-ASIDE PRODUCT SERVICE CODE* 6515 NAICS CODE* 334510 CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs OPAL | Strategic Acquisition Center 10300 Spotsylvania Ave | STE 400 Fredericksburg VA 22408-2697 POINT OF CONTACT* Contract Specialist Cyia Jones Cyiamaudia.Jones@va.gov 813-363-0671 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE ADDRESS Nationwide POSTAL CODE COUNTRY USA ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AGENCY S URL https://www.va.gov/opal/sac/index.asp URL DESCRIPTION To learn more about SAC and its mission, please click here AGENCY CONTACT S EMAIL ADDRESS EMAIL DESCRIPTION DESCRIPTION REQUEST FOR INFORMATION

1.0 DESCRIPTION The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment (NX) National Program has identified the Scanning System Ultrasonic Endoscopic as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirement s contract award. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of Procurement, Acquisition and Logistics (OPAL) Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC) on behalf of VHA is issuing this Request for Information (RFI) in accordance with the FAR 10.002(b)(2) to determine the availability and technical capabilities of qualified sources. The period of performance will consist of a base of 12-months with four 12-month option periods from the date of award. The SAC, in conjunction with VHA, is seeking a qualified source to manufacture Scanning System Ultrasonic Endoscopic on an agency wide basis. VA intends to award a Brand Name or Equal (BNOE) single award Requirements contract for this requirement IAW with FAR 16.503. Vendors will be required to deliver Scanning System Ultrasonic Endoscopic to VA medical centers and facilities throughout the United States. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing and the associated size standard is 1,250 employees. The FAR Provision found at 52.204-7(b)(1) requires that All interested Offerors must be registered in SAM prior to submitting an offer. You may access the SAM website at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. All offerors must be certified as with the appropriate NAICS code on the SAM website. All SDVOSB/VOSB offerors must be verified in the Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) database, at https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/ at the time of offer submission. This notice is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. This Sources Sought is part of a continuous process for obtaining the latest information on the commercial status of the industry with respect to their current and near-term abilities. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive contract. It is emphasized that this is a notice solely for planning and informational purposes.

2.0 SCOPE A Scanning System Ultrasonic Endoscopic machine is a device that combines a camera and ultrasound to create images of the digestive tract and surrounding organs. It's used to diagnose and treat diseases in the digestive tract. A thin, flexible tube called an endoscope is inserted into the body through the mouth or anus. The endoscope has a small ultrasound device and a tiny video camera and light at the tip. The ultrasound device sends high-frequency sound waves into the body and those waves reflect off organs and tissues, creating images on a monitor. It's used for Diagnosing and staging cancer, confirming if cancer has spread to other organs or lymph nodes, performing biopsies to test for cancer, draining cysts, and delivering medication directly to an organ. The following Contract Line Items are being considered: Contract Line Items Manufacturer Part Number Description 0001 Olympus ARIETTA 850AT ARIETTA 850 AT ARIETTA 850 Ultrasound Processor Foot Switch UP-X898MD (Printer) Keyboard, Console and Touch Screen Covers NDS ScaleOR (IS20330 DVI to SDI Converter) Cables: BNC, DVI, S-Video (Y/C), Network, Power Cord 1 Junction Box (Scope Adapter) AR850 Elastography (Real-Time Tissue Elastography and Strain Histogram Options) AR850 Shear Wave (Shear Wave Measurement Option) AR850 Contrast (Contrast Harmonic Imaging Option) AR850 DFI (Detective Flow Imaging Option) 1 additional Junction Box 0002 Olympus AR850EXTWAR3YR Three (3) Year extended warranty The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide OlympusÂ® Arietta 850AT or equal Scanning System Ultrasonic Endoscopic as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics: CLIN s 0001-0002 apply to the following SC s: SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS METHOD OF EVALUATION Applicable CLINÂ SC Literature Map Page # Page # SC 1 Processor has B mode, M mode, color Doppler, Pulse wave, e-Flow, elastography, Shear wave, DFI (detective flow image) CHI (contrast enhanced imaging)Â Literature Review 0001 SC 2 FDA 510k ApprovalÂ Literature Review 0001 SC 3 System is mounted to a dedicated cart for mobilityÂ Literature Review 0001 SC 4 Operators touch screen for ease of useÂ Literature Review 0001 SC 5Â Large display monitorÂ Literature ReviewÂ 0001Â SC 6Â Minimum 12-month warranty covering manufacturer s defects and system failures / issues Â Literature ReviewÂ 0001Â SC 7Â Extended warranty optionsÂ Literature ReviewÂ 0002Â For each product (brand name and part number), the response must include descriptive literature demonstrating the product meets or exceeds the salient characteristics (SC) specified above. The Government's intent is to include all ancillary items to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the OEM and as clinically required. Vendors are encouraged to provide any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the salient characteristics. Additionally, responses can include any additional product that may be beneficial. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall include the following: Full name and address of company DUNS number/ CAGE Code/ SAM UIE Business Size Manufacturer or Distributor If distributor provide full name, business size and address of manufacturer. Country of Origin designation for all products. Ability to provide uninterrupted supply of products on a national scale. Technical Literature that clearly shows product(s) meet the identified salient characteristics (if submitting an or-equal item). Any additional product solution or configuration that would be beneficial to the clinical functionality of the product line identified. All small business, VOSB, SDVOSB distributors shall provide a valid letter of authorization from the manufacturer of the product/brand that you intend to offer. The letter shall be printed on the manufacturers letter head and be no older than 6 months old. The letter shall also clearly state how long your agreement is place with the manufacturer, e.g., 6 month, 4 years, expires 4 years from XXX, end of 2025, etc. The letter shall also be signed by a legally, authorized representative of the manufacturer. Although not required, vendors responding to this Sources Sought may also submit a Capabilities Statement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kyle Franks
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kyle.franks@va.gov
  - Phone: (240) 521-3110

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1920353f06f94a5baf3ed9ba02e3a440/view)