---
layout: default
title: 6515--Otoacoustic Emissions - Columbus
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: b829caee3020407ca0db53d812240a44
---

# 6515--Otoacoustic Emissions - Columbus

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 14:05:11.491-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026Q0456
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with (IAW) the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation.Â Â This is a request for quote (RFQ),Â and the solicitation number isÂ 36C25026Q0456. The Government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price Purchase Order resulting from this solicitation. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circulars 2026-01 effective 03/13/2026. The associated NAICS Code isÂ 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 10, is soliciting quotes fromÂ allÂ sources to supply theÂ Chalmers P. Wylie VA Ambulatory Care Center, Columbus Ohio, MADSEN Capella 2, DP+TE (combo) and accessories. This requested requirement must be compatible with our existing Audiometric Software Otosuite. The VA feels only the Natus Sensory (OEM) and their Authorized Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Vendors can provide this requirement. Respondents to this solicitation must fully demonstrate their capability by supplying detailed quote information, along with any other documents necessary to support the requirements below. Quotes are to be provided toÂ Gina P. Crank, Contracting Officer, via email atÂ gina.crank@va.gov, no later thanÂ April 13, 2026, byÂ 5:00Â PMÂ EST. No telephone calls will be accepted. No submission received after the above-mentioned date and time will be accepted. ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

6.00 EA $ $ OTOACOUSTIC EMISSIONS - MADSEN CAPELLA2 CP+TE (COMBO) REPLACEMENT - SEPG 203069 EER 278678 EIL 770 / EIL 242 MX1628530 / MX1628533 / MX1628534 / MX1628535 / MX687236 / MX1628547 / MX1628558 / MX1628557 / MX1628555 / MX1628548 / MX1628532 / MX1628549 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 8-04-15320 ACRN: 1 Requisition Number: 757-26-2-096-0199 Appropriation: 757-3660160-096-822800 Audiology and Speech Pa-3131 Medical, Dental and Scien-010044175 0002

6.00 EA $ $ WALL MOUNT KIT LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 8-62-50300 ACRN: 1 Requisition Number: 757-26-2-096-0199 Appropriation: 757-3660160-096-822800 Audiology and Speech Pa-3131 Medical, Dental and Scien-010044175 0003

6.00 EA $ $ STARTER KIT LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 8-69-42800 ACRN: 1 Requisition Number: 757-26-2-096-0199 Appropriation: 757-3660160-096-822800 Audiology and Speech Pa-3131 Medical, Dental and Scien-010044175 0004

1.00 EA $ $ NEW PRODUCT INSTALLATION LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: SVC99GO1 ACRN: 1 Requisition Number: 757-26-2-096-0199 Appropriation: 757-3660160-096-822800 Audiology and Speech Pa-3131 Medical, Dental and Scien-010044175 GRAND TOTAL $ STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Contract Number: Task Order Number: IFCAP Tracking Number: 757-26-2-096-0199 Follow-on to Contract and Task Order Number: PROGRAM REQUESTOR/MANAGER). Name: Nicole Dixon Section: Supply Chain Management Address: 420 N James Rd, Columbus OH 43219 Phone Number: E-Mail Address: Nicole.Dixon@va.gov 2. Contract Title. Otoacoustic Emissions 3. Background. This acquisition of the Otoacoustic Emissions Capella2 is an upgrade for the end-of-life replacement for a quantity of 6 existing Otoacoustic Emissions. 4. Scope. Otoacoustic Emissions - Capella2 is an advanced OAE system from Natus Sensory designed for objective and accurate assessment of cochlear function. It offers rapid, non-invasive testing including DPOAE and TEOAE with features like optimized in situ calibration, probe fit checks, and integration with OTOsuite software for improved workflow efficiency. The proposed vendor will provide all necessary travel, labor, equipment, configuration, installation, migration, testing, and training to replace the existing unit. 5. Specific Tasks. Delivery and installation in the designated audiology testing area Integration with existing computer system Calibration and performance verification Staff training (if required) 6. Performance Monitoring The Otoacoustic Emissions Capella2 will be inspected by HTM department upon arrival to the facility. Contractor shall provide a field service report upon completion of the work to HTM. 7. Security Requirements NA 8. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI) NA 9. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations NA 10. Risk Control NA . 11. Place of Performance. Chalmers P Wylie Ambulatory Care Center Audiology Department 420 N James Rd Columbus OH 43219 12. Period of Performance. This requirement shall be installed within 90 calendar days from the date of contract award. The 11 Federal Holidays observed by the Federal Government are: New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday 3rd Monday in January Presidents Day 3rd Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth Day June 19 Independence Day July 4 Labor Day 1st Monday in September Columbus Day 2nd Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day 4th Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25th The President of the United States of America may declare additional days as a Federal holiday, and if so, this holiday will automatically be added to the list above. When a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as a Federal holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday shall be observed as a Federal Holiday. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL ITEMS (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3, OFFERORS REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS COMMERCIAL ITEMS (OCT 2025) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Items. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2023) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL ITEMS Clauses that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The following clauses are incorporated into 52.212-4 as an addendum to this contract: FAR 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) FAR 52.203-16 PREVENTING PERSONAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST (JUN 2020) FAR 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS AND REQUIREMENT TO INFORM EMPLOYEES OF WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS (JAN 2023) FAR 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-2 SERVICE OF PROTEST (SEPT 2006) - - Hand-Carried Address: Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 10, 2780 Airport Drive, Suite 340, Columbus, OH 43219 VAAR 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.212-71 GRAY MARKET AND COUNTERFEIT ITEMS (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS (NOV 2018) VAAR 852,233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 REJECTED GOODS (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.247-71 DELIVERY LOCATION (OCT 2018) All quoters shall submit the following: A completed schedule with pricing, adequate documentation detailing the capabilities of the product. All quotes shall be sent to the electronically via email to Gina P. Crank @ gina.crank@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of FAR 13. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than April 13, 2026 by 5:00 PM EST to gina.crank@va.gov Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Gina P. Crank Contracting Officer Network Contract Office (NCO) 10 Office: 614-625-1236 Email: gina.crank@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gina P. Crank
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: gina.crank@va.gov
  - Phone: 614 625 1236

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b829caee3020407ca0db53d812240a44/view)