---
layout: default
title: Servovalve, Hydraulic
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 90ab1cdb894b4b19b5469aaa79242c8e
---

# Servovalve, Hydraulic

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 10:54:24.839-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRTA1-26-R-0037

## Summary

Synopsis PR: FD2030-26-00083 1. Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date: Issue: February 17, 2026 Closes: March 19, 2026 2. RFP# SPRTA1-26-R-0037 Request for Proposal 3. Service/Spare/Repair/OH: Spares 4. AMC: 1/C 5. Nomenclature/Noun: Servovalve, Hydraulic 6. NSN: 1650-00-609-8372 7. PN: 5-97213-2 8. History: 13 Mar 1996, 5 each 6 Feb 1996, 49 each, Downey Manufacturing Inc, (98315) 9. Description/Function: Servovalve, Hydraulic. DIMENSIONS,

11.0 INCH (L) BY

5.0 INCH (W) BY

5.0 INCH (H). Weight: 5.45 pounds (LBS). MATERIAL CONTENT, STEEL,ALUMINUM,TEFLON,AND SYNTHETIC RUBBER. DIRECT SHYDRAULIC PRESSURE NECESSARY TO LOWER OR RAISE FLAPS AND SPOILERS INSTALLED AS PART OF AIRPLANE WING ASSEMBLIES. AIRCRAFT: C/KC135 10. Total Line Item Quantity: 0001 0002 0003 0004 0005 0006 7-39; 26 each 2 each 1 each 1 lot 1 lot 1 lot Servovalve, Hydraulic Servovalve, Hydraulic (FA) Servovalve, Hydraulic (FA expended) FA Test Report Material of Certification Certificate of Compliance 11. Application (Engine or Aircraft): KC-135 12. Destination: 0001 0002 0003 0004 0005 0006 SW3210 FY2303 N/A FA8111 FA8111 FA8111 13. Required Delivery: 0001 0002 0003 0004 0005 0006 7-39; 26 each 2 each 1 each 1 lot 1 lot 1 lot On or Before 01 AUG 2027 On or Before 01 FEB 2027 IAW DD Form 1423-1 (CDRL) and Form 260 IAW DD Form 1423-1 (CDRL) and Form 260 IAW DD Form 1423-1 (CDRL) and Form 260 IAW DD Form 1423-1 (CDRL) and Form 260 14. Qualification Requirements: Qualification requirements are set forth in JACG Aviation SAM Handbook*. Due to the complexity and criticality of this part, only actual manufacturers that have successfully completed all testing required by the original company responsible for the design, or manufacturers that have successfully completed all testing on items determined by the government to be similar in complexity and criticality, can be considered approved sources for this item. 15. Export Control Requirements: Contractors are REQUIRED to be “EXPORT CONROLLED” certified in order to receive and view drawings for this solicitation. The website for registration is https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Services/JCP/ Engineering instructions and Engineering Data List will be available to certified contractors via www.sam.gov (Notice: FD2030-26-00083 / Special Notice / Posting Date: 22 AUG 2025) 16. UID: UID requirements will apply. 17. Qualified Sources: Sargent Controls (0FEV5) Keeley Aerospace, Ltd (3DLX9) Circor Aerospace, Inc. (50601) Parker-Hannifin Corporation (59211) Woodward HRT, Inc. (60029) Triumph Actuation Systems (61898) The Boeing Company (81205) 18. Set-aside: This acquisition will not be set aside. 19. Surplus: Surplus is not authorized. 20. Mandatory Language: The Government does not own the data or the rights to the data needed to manufacture this item. Firms interested in participating in this procurement are encouraged to contact the OEM to inquire about the data or rights to the data. In accordance with FAR 5.207(c) (16) (i), all responsible sources may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. Foreign owned firms are advised to contact the contracting officer or program manager before submitting a proposal to determine whether there are restrictions on receiving an award. It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contract with the firms(s) listed. This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application. The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined. Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation, regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set aside, foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could, if otherwise eligible, participate as subcontractors). Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at www.sam.gov. Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(c) (1), Justification: supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302. This notice of intent is not a request for competition. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Note: While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation. Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at 385-591-1672. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Request for written quotation will be issued. Only written or faxed request received directly from the requestors are acceptable. The anticipated award date will be 90 days after the issuance of this notice. 21. Buyer name and email address: Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to the buyer Chrissy Turnage at christine.turnage@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Chrissy Turnage
  - Email: christine.turnage@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/90ab1cdb894b4b19b5469aaa79242c8e/view)