---
layout: default
title: Tactical Combat Casualty Care Training Course for Tier III
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: bda9ca098b2043e7bddeef3a4730da65
---

# Tactical Combat Casualty Care Training Course for Tier III

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-16 15:59:02.592-04
- Solicitation Number: F5BFSG5346AT01

## Summary

****All interested vendors must submit their responses by completing the 6-question survey at the link provided. ****Any questions shall include both the primary and secondary contact. This is a Request for Information (RFI), NOT a Request for Quote (RFQ) or Request for Proposal (RFP). This RFI will be utilized for market research purposes ONLY, in order to assist with the planning and potential procurement of a Firm Fixed Price IDIQ containing five one year ordering periods for TCCC Tier III training services for the Combat Medic Corpsman – Aerospace Medicine Technician in accordance with Defense Health Agency (DHA) approved “Tier” curriculum. The information provided in the RFI is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. Responses to these notices are not offers and cannot/will not be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. All submissions become Government property and will not be returned. An in-depth requirement description may be found in Attachment 1 – Draft Performance Work Statement – Tactical Combat Casualty Care Training Course for Tier III. Please note, this is a “draft” performance work statement (PWS) and is subject to change throughout acquisition planning. General Scope The contractor is required to provide comprehensive, all-inclusive support for the Air Force Reserve Command (AFRC) to deliver advanced Tactical Combat Casualty Care (TCCC) Tier III training to Air Force reserve medical personnel. The core objective is to ensure Combat Medic Corpsman/Aerospace Medicine Technicians (CMC-AMT) receive standardized, evidence-based medical training to improve battlefield survival rates, in accordance with Defense Health Agency (DHA) and Department of Defense (DoD) mandates. PURPOSE The purpose of this notice is to conduct additional market research for a known agency requirement. The information gathered will be used to refine the scope, structure, and terms of a potential future solicitation. The Contracting Officer may host one-on-one meetings with any or all potential offerors who provide an adequate response to the RFI/SS, without further public notice. NAICS CODE North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code is 611430 - Professional and Management Development Training. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE/PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The HQ Air Force Reserve Command is looking to award a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) single award IDIQ that will have a continuous five-year ordering period. Ordering periods will be from May 2026 - May 2031 for TCCC Tier III training. The minimum will be 1 training event (initial award) for 110 personnel. Any other Task Order (TO) will be for a 55 person training event, with a maximum of nine, 55 person training events. It is expected that following the first event each calendar year will hold two, 55 person training events each calendar year, it may also be anticipated that two 55 person training events may be held at the same time, it is necessary for facility to have capacity to train, care, feed and house up to 110 personnel at a time. PROJECTED CONTRACT AWARD DATE FY-26 INFORMATION REQUESTED All interested vendors must submit their responses by completing the 6-question survey at the following link: TCCC Tier III Training Questionnaire – Fill out form A complete and sufficient response to all questions is mandatory. The Contracting Officer will deem submissions with incomplete or insufficient answers unacceptable. Please be advised that a capabilities statement or brief is not requested and should not be submitted. Only responses provided through the official Microsoft Forms link will be considered. The Contracting Officer will review and consider all responses and/or questions received. However, the Contracting Officer is not required to implement any of the feedback and/or suggestions received. The Contracting Officer will not provide a written and/or verbal response to any questions received.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lacey Boyd
  - Email: lacey.boyd@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jacqueline Anthes
  - Email: jacqueline.anthes.3@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Draft Performance Work Statement – Tactical Combat Casualty Care Training Course for Tier III. Please note, this is a “draft” performance work statement (PWS) and is subject to change throughout acquisition planning. General Scope The contractor is required to provide comprehensive, all-inclusive support for the Air Force Reserve Command (AFRC) to deliver advanced Tactical Combat Casualty Care (TCCC) Tier III training to Air Force reserve medical personnel. The core objective is to ensure Combat Medic Corpsman/Aerospace Medicine Technicians (CMC-AMT) receive standardized, evidence-based medical training to improve battlefield survival rates, in accordance with Defense Health Agency (DHA) and Department of Defense (DoD) mandates. PURPOSE The purpose of this notice is to conduct additional market research for a known agency requirement. The information gathered will be used to refine the scope, structure, and terms of a potential future solicitation. The Contracting Officer may host one-on-one meetings with any or all potential offerors who provide an adequate response to the RFI/SS, without further public notice. NAICS CODE North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code is 611430 - Professional and Management Development Training. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE/PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The HQ Air Force Reserve Command is looking to award a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) single award IDIQ that will have a continuous five-year ordering period. Ordering periods will be from May 2026 - May 2031 for TCCC Tier III training. The minimum will be 1 training event (initial award) for 110 personnel. Any other Task Order (TO) will be for a 55 person training event, with a maximum of nine, 55 person training events. It is expected that following the first event each calendar year will hold two, 55 person training events each calendar year, it may also be anticipated that two 55 person training events may be held at the same time, it is necessary for facility to have capacity to train, care, feed and house up to 110 personnel at a time. PROJECTED CONTRACT AWARD DATE FY-26 INFORMATION REQUESTED All interested vendors must submit their responses by completing the 6-question survey at the following link: TCCC Tier III Training Questionnaire – Fill out form A complete and sufficient response to all questions is mandatory. The Contracting Officer will deem submissions with incomplete or insufficient answers unacceptable. Please be advised that a capabilities statement or brief is not requested and should not be submitted. Only responses provided through the official Microsoft Forms link will be considered. The Contracting Officer will review and consider all responses and/or questions received. However, the Contracting Officer is not required to implement any of the feedback and/or suggestions received. The Contracting Officer will not provide a written and/or verbal response to any questions received

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bda9ca098b2043e7bddeef3a4730da65/view)