---
layout: default
title: Commercial Low Earth Orbit (LEO) Destination Contract (CLDC) Technical Library
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 0ec7ecc2e144421d9d1055a8b7e19abf
---

# Commercial Low Earth Orbit (LEO) Destination Contract (CLDC) Technical Library

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-06 11:42:06.043-05
- Solicitation Number: 80JSC025_CLDC_TECH_LIBRARY

## Summary

Modification 7 This modification 7 is to notify industry of Data Drop 5 (Controlled Data) to the CLDC Technical Library. The following attachments are uploaded/updated: 030626 Data Drop 5 Controlled Data.zip Excel index file “CLDC Tech Library Contents.xlsx” is updated through 030626 (Controlled Data Drop 5) ***************** (End of Modification 7) ***************** Modification 6 This modification 6 is to notify industry of Data Drop 5 (Uncontrolled Data) to the CLDC Technical Library. The following attachments are uploaded/updated: 011326 Data Drop 5 Uncontrolled Data Excel index file “CLDC Tech Library Contents” is updated through 011326 (Uncontrolled Data Drop 5) ***************** (End of Modification 6) ***************** Modification 5 This modification 5 is to notify industry of Data Drop 4 (Uncontrolled Data) & the re-release of Data Drop 4 (Controlled Data) to the CLDC Technical Library. The following attachments are uploaded/updated: 120525 Data Drop 4 Uncontrolled Data is uploaded 091025 Data Drop 4 Controlled Data was temporarily deleted & re-released as 120525 Excel index file “CLDC Tech Library Contents” is updated through 120525 (Uncontrolled Data Drop 4 & Controlled Data Drop 4) ***************** (End of Modification 5) ***************** Modification 4 This modification 4 is to notify industry of Data Drop 3 (Uncontrolled Data) & Data Drop 4 (Controlled Data) to the CLDC Technical Library. The following attachments are uploaded/updated: 092925 Data Drop 3 Uncontrolled Data is uploaded 092925 Data Drop 4 Controlled Data is uploaded CLDP NASA Center Capabilities are replaced with an updated version. The updated version adds additional capabilities to Centers and updates Point-of-Contact information. Excel index file “CLDC Tech Library Contents” is updated through 09/29/2025 (Uncontrolled Data Drop 3 & Controlled Data Drop 4) ***************** (End of Modification 4) ***************** Modification 3 This modification 3 is to notify industry of Data Drop 3 to the CLDC Technical Library. The following attachments are uploaded/updated: 090325 Data Drop 3 Controlled Data is uploaded Excel index file “CLDC Tech Library Contents” is updated through Controlled Data Drop 3 ***************** (End of Modification 3) ***************** Modification 2 This modification 2 is to notify industry of Data Drop 2 to the CLDC Technical Library. The following attachments are uploaded/updated: 082925 Data Drop 2 Controlled Data is uploaded 082925 Data Drop 2 Uncontrolled Data is uploaded Excel index file “CLDC Tech Library Contents” is updated through Data Drop 2 ***************** (End of Modification 2) ***************** Modification 1 This modification 1 is to notify industry that the Commercial Low-Earth Orbit (LEO) Destination Contract (CLDC) acquisition is on hold until further notice. NASA has determined that, rather than moving forward at this time with a firm-fixed price contract for Commercial LEO Destination (CLD) certification and services, NASA will continue to support U.S. industry’s design and demonstration of CLDs with funded Space Act Agreements (SAA) for the next phase. Details regarding this or any future acquisition related to CLD certification and services will be posted on www.sam.gov. This CLDC Technical Documents Library will remain accessible for reference purposes to provide technical documents to the CLDC Technical Library site to keep industry up to date on current NASA technical standards that may be relevant for a future FAR-based acquisition. This Library is not to be associated with or required for compliance with any other acquisition or SAA effort. Technical Documents associated with this Library will be updated in "Data Drops" moving forward. Technical Documents are contained within .zip files with an index for all uploads being contained within the Excel file "CLDC Tech Library Contents.xlsx". This activity does not constitute a Request for Proposal, Invitation for Bid, or Request for Quotation and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter a contract. Please continue to monitor www.sam.gov postings and the Acquisition Website for updates on the release of any CLDC information. ***************** (End of Modification 1) ***************** This National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA/Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center (JSC)) is establishing the Technical Library for all potential offerors to the Commercial Low-Earth Orbit (LEO) Destination Contract (CLDC). It is expected that the Technical Library will be updated periodically through the acquisition period. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor the website for updates to the technical library. Additional technical and strategic information along with a preliminary schedule can be found in the CLDC Acquisition Website: https://www.nasa.gov/johnson/jsc-procurement/cldc/. Please note, the documents/links on the CLDC Acquisition Website listed above are for information and planning purposes to allow industry the opportunity to comment and to promote competition. Access to Export Controlled content in the Technical Library To request access to Export Controlled content (marked as EXP-CTRL), you must provide a completed “CLDP Export Control Request Form” via email to jsc-cldc@mail.nasa.gov. When responding, reference CLDP Export Control Request Form in the subject line. Please note that after the request form is submitted, you must have a log in for www.sam.gov. Once logged in, click the request access button in the Attachments/Links section of the announcement. The www.sam.gov system help webpage is available here: https://www.sam.gov/help#goToExplore. All foreign nationals from designated countries covered by a Programmatic Technology Transfer Control Plan (PTTCP) or requiring access to export controlled information are required to have an Individual Technology Transfer Control Plan (I-TTCP) with a Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA). Foreign nationals from non-designated countries requiring access to export-controlled information covered by a P-TTCP are required to comply with the International Partner or Foreign National Certification contained in the P-TTCP. CLDC Phase 2 Background As NASA plans for the retirement of the International Space Station (ISS) at the end of the decade, the ability of private industry to take on the task of providing routine utilization of LEO and maintaining a continuous U.S. presence in space is of vital importance to both NASA and U.S. goals. In a multiphase strategy, JSC’s Commercial LEO Development Program (CLDP) is helping spur the development of new LEO space destinations and supporting systems from private industry. See link here for additional information: https://www.nasa.gov/leo-economy/low-earth-orbit-economy/.? These systems may include end-to-end services such as the in-orbit destination, visiting vehicles, and supporting launch vehicles and ground systems. NASA is currently developing Phase 2 requirements for CLD capabilities that would be able to support NASA astronauts, international astronauts, and other spaceflight participants safely in LEO on a commercially owned and operated space station. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS. NO PROPOSALS ARE TO BE SUBMITTED IN RESPONSE TO THIS NOTICE. This notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal or Request for Quotation and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter into a contract. No solicitation exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized at a later time on www.sam.gov. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor Government sites for the release of any solicitation or synopsis.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rogelio Curiel
  - Email: jsc-cldc@mail.nasa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Windemuth
  - Email: jsc-cldc@mail.nasa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0ec7ecc2e144421d9d1055a8b7e19abf/view)