---
layout: default
title: R701 - Spartan Race Advertising with Navy Recruiting Command (NRC)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 75e0f3b7ad454464a44a52b58285574c
---

# R701 - Spartan Race Advertising with Navy Recruiting Command (NRC)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 09:41:42.113-04
- Solicitation Number: N0018926QD044

## Summary

This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial SERVICES prepared in accordance with the information in FAR 13.501(a) and FAR 16.505(b)(2)(i)(B), on a sole source basis, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; PAPER COPIES OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE. This combined synopsis/solicitation SHALL be posted on both Contract Opportunities (https://sam.gov/) and NECO (https://sso.navsup.navy.mil/). This is a Request for Quotations (RFQ). The solicitation number is N0018926QD044. The proposed contract action is for commercial SERVICES as outlined in the below CLIN. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 541850 and the Small Business Standard is 34.5 (millions of dollars). This solicitation documents and incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through FAC 2026-01 and DFARS Change Notice 11/10/2025. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at the following websites: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfarspgi/current/index.html The Naval Supply Systems Command (NAVSUP) Fleet Logistics Center (FLC) Norfolk - Pentagon Directorate intends to solicit - on behalf of Navy Recruiting Command (NRC) - a sole source effort with Vendor: Spartan Race, Inc (CAGE: 7F5V5). The proposed acquisition is for services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with Spartan Race, Inc. under the authority of FAR part 13 and FAR part 12. NRC intends to acquire services to support the US Navy recruiting and outreach opportunities at a series of races under the brand name Spartan Race- which are solely available from Spartan Race, Inc (CAGE 7F5V5). This action will result in a Firm-Fixed-Price contract. The proposed contract action is for services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source, Spartan Race, Inc (CAGE: 7F5V5), IAW FAR 13.106(b)(1). As previously stated, the required services have been determined to be only available from a single source, Spartan Race, Inc. Interested persons may submit a capability statement by the specified response date. This notice of intent is not a request for quotes from any source other than Spartan Race, Inc (CAGE: 7F5V5). However, the Government will consider information received by the specified response date. Information received as a result of this notice of intent will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed procurement action based upon responses received is solely within the discretion of the Government. The Government will not pay for information submitted in response to this notice. Line Items/Quantity/Unit of Issue: CLIN 0001 - Spartan Race Advertising with Navy Recruiting Command (NRC) - 1 Each Delivery information: Delivery POC: Government points of contact to be determined prior to award. Performance/Delivery: Performance is anticipated to occur at the contractors facility unless otherwise specified in the Statement of Work (SOW). The period of performance is 01 April 2026 through 31 March 2026. Responsibility and Inspection: FOB Destination applies. The Requirements Statement: (See Statement of Work within the attached Solicitation for complete details) During Spartan Race events, Sponsor will receive: - Sponsor to receive prominent exposure throughout the Festival Village event experience, including the following assets: - Branded Obstacle: Two obstacles per event, selected by mutual agreement and branded at Sponsors cost, subject to Spartans final approval. --Rope Climb --Extra Mile presented by the U.S. Navy - Activation Space at up to (15) events: 20x20 ft booth in the festival area, subject to Spartans approval, with rights to distribute, sample, and recruit (requires advance notice of items to be sampled). The sponsor manages assets, logistics, and staffing. - Step-and-Repeat backdrop: Co-branded backdrop at main stage, including Spartan and other Official Partner logos. - Barrier Jackets: Four (4) branded barrier jackets within the festival. - MC Announcements: during each race. - Start and Finish Arch: Sponsor logo inclusion on all Spartan start and finish arches. - Stadium Content Rights: Opportunity to provide content for stadium broadcast or ribbon boards at Spartan stadium races, pending venue approval and mutual agreement. - Complimentary Race Entries: Spartan Race is to provide Partner with the following allotment of tickets per calendar year. - Co-Develop press release/announcement to publicize the sponsorship, distributed through mutually approved channels. - Dedicated Spartan account manager. - Bi-annual recap reports covering both Spartan activities. See attached Solicitation for additional details. Clauses and Provisions: See attached solicitation. Additional contract requirements, terms, and conditions determined by the contracting officer to be necessary for this acquisition are provided in the attached documentation. System for Award Management (SAM). Quoters must be registered in the SAM database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ This solicitation will be open from 26 March 2026 until 12:00 PM EST on 30 March 2026. It is anticipated that only Spartan Race, Inc (CAGE: 7F5V5) is eligible for award consideration under this solicitation. All quotes should be submitted via email to Julia Ledbetter, who can be reached at julia.h.ledbetter.civ@us.navy.mil. Acceptable formats for any quote attachments include PDF, or Microsoft Word or Excel. The anticipated award date is Monday, 31 March 2026. ******* End of Combined Synopsis/Solicitation ********

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julia Ledbetter 771-229-3617 julia.h.ledbetter.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Email: julia.h.ledbetter.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/75e0f3b7ad454464a44a52b58285574c/view)