---
layout: default
title: OUTBOARD SWIVEL SHO
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: af1c8be4a0ea4f31b5c9f294328ee137
---

# OUTBOARD SWIVEL SHO

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 17:55:25.702-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QKD24

## Summary

INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT||TBD|SPRMM1|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||TBD|||||TBD| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|X|X|X|||X|||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| 1. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 2. Drawings or technical data are available for this item. 3. Delivery days_________aro. 4. Offer valid for _____ days. 5. When submitting quotes via Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), make sure you specify any exceptions (i.e. Mil specs/standards, packaging, Inspection & Acceptance (I&A), packaging houses etc) or follow up with a hardcopy of the exceptions. If nothing is indicated or received, award will be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award will have consideration costs deducted on modifications. 6. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you MUST state who the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) is ?Commercial and Government Entity Code (CAGE) code? and the part number you are offering. 7. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. ____________________________________________________________ 8. It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP Weapon System Support (WSS) Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Weapons Support Mechanicsburg and posted on Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Electronic Data Access (EDA). To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUPWSS code 025, procurement systems design and contract support division Via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpdesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and Point-of-Contact (POC) with phone number and email address. 9. Contractors can view their orders, contracts and modifications at the EDA web tool. This web tool is located at the PIEE website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA at https://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Quotation will require electronic submittal of Invoice and Receiving Report (COMBO) through PIEE-WAWF. 10. The following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement: E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) 11. INSPECTION OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ INSPECTION OF PACKAGING AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ 12. UCF SECTION F PRODUCTION FACILITY CHANGES (a) The performance of any of the work contracted for in any place other than that named in the contract is prohibited unless specifically approved by the Contracting Officer. Written requests for a change in production facilities must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer. Changes inproduction facilities may be approved, provided: (1) Performance by small business or in labor surplus areas as required by the contract will not be changed; (2) The change will not cause a delay in delivery or necessitate a change in the purchase description; the purchase description; (3) The free on board (f.o.b.) point is not changed; and (4) Each request is supported by a price reduction of $250.00 to cover the Government's administrative costs to process the change. (b) The Government reserves the right to deny approval even if these four elements are met. Award evaluations will be made using the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) criteria per DFARS 215.101-2-70(a)(1)(i). Drawings for this solicitation will be accessed via the website, www.SAM.gov. Click the Search button and type the solicitation number in the box and hitenter. Links to the solicitation should follow on the right. Click the BLUELINK with the name of the item that is identified as the "UpdatedSolicitation". Click to the left on "Attachments/Links" which will take you tothe link to request access to the drawings. Drawing access request should be submitted by the Data Custodian listed on your approved DD2345. Only the DataC Custodian will be granted access to the controlled drawings. If there areproblems accessing the drawings, please contact the buyer POC listed on thissolicitation. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the OUTBOARD SWIVEL SHO . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS DRAWING DATA=5959226 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|1161962 DRAWING DATA=5959227 |53711| A| |A|0001 | A|49998|0243340 DRAWING DATA=6397253 |53711| -| |A|0001 | -|49998|0688937 DRAWING DATA=6397315 |53711| -| |A|0001 | -|49998|0175050 DRAWING DATA=6397315 |53711| -| |A|0002 | -|49998|0174819 DRAWING DATA=6397320 |53711| -| |A|0001 | -|49998|0187286 DRAWING DATA=6397320 |53711| -| |A|0002 | -|49998|0117248 DRAWING DATA=6397320 |53711| -| |A|0003 | -|49998|0226801 DRAWING DATA=840327 |53711| E| |D|0001 | E|49998|0638224 DRAWING DATA=840327 |80064| E| |A|0001 | E|49998|0278152 DRAWING DATA=840327 |80064| E| |A|0002 | -|49998|0258028 DRAWING DATA=840327 |80064| E| |A|0003 | -|49998|0198144 DRAWING DATA=860062 |80064| M| |A|0001 | M|49998|0231266 DRAWING DATA=860062 |80064| M| |A|0002 | M|49998|0323488 DRAWING DATA=860062 |80064| M| |A|0003 | M|49998|0186344 DRAWING DATA=860341 |80064| P| |A|0001 | P|49998|0210059 DRAWING DATA=860341 |80064| P| |A|0002 | P|49998|0242456 DRAWING DATA=921790 |80064| H| |A|0001 | H|49998|0212820 DRAWING DATA=921790 |80064| H| |A|0002 | H|49998|0293613 DRAWING DATA=921790 |80064| F|STD|D|0001 | F|49998|0540175 DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-C-24633 | | |A |980422|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Manufacturing and Design - The OUTBOARD SWIVEL SHO furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material and physical requirements as specified ;ON NAVSEA Drawing 803-860341; .

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; .

3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.2 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies.

4.3 Production Lot Test (Contractor) - The Contractor shall perform 100% production testing in accordance with ;NAVSEA DRAWING 803-860341 AND ALL ASSOCIATED DOCUMENTS ; . 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;THIS REPORT IS FOR THE 100% ACCEPTANCE TESTING CALL OUT IN ASSOCIATED DRAWINGS AND SPECS. ;

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: IRELAND.BRENNAN@DLA.MIL
  - Email: IRELAND.BRENNAN@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/af1c8be4a0ea4f31b5c9f294328ee137/view)