---
layout: default
title: Commercial Meals NV Army National Guard Florence AZ April 2026
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 7687e10fb6704201af6e36de32ad2823
---

# Commercial Meals NV Army National Guard Florence AZ April 2026

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 18:43:58.94-04
- Solicitation Number: W9124X26Q0004

## Summary

Solicitation (Request for Quote) Nevada Army National Guard April 2026 Commercial Meals at Florence Military Reservation, AZ Reference RFQ# W9124X-26-Q-0004 Requesting Agency: Nevada Army National Guard (NVARNG) Purchasing Agency: NVARNG USPFO Purchasing and Contracting Office 2452 FAIRVIEW DR CARSON CITY, NV 89701 This is a solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12. Solicitation number W9124X-26-Q-0004 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). All responsible source(s) may submit a quote for consideration. Interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit a quote. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 effective 3/13/2026. Set-Aside: Total Small Business The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is: 722320 - Caterers. The SBA Size standard is $9.0M. The Product Service Code (PSC) designation is S203 – Housekeeping- Food The Nevada Army National Guard requires catered meals (individually boxed and delivered) for 150 personnel during training at the Florence Military Reservation, Arizona April 6-9, 2026. See Attachment “PWS AZ Commercial Meal Support April 2026” for details. The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Offerors are advised to include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with the quote. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Evaluation of quotes received will be based on Price and Technical Capability; award will be made to the vendor whose response is most advantageous to the government. **NOTE** Please see the FAR clause 52.212-2 – Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services for full evaluation information and included addendum. This acquisition has a Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rating of: None. Quotations in response to this solicitation shall be submitted via email to Greg Kothman at gregory.p.kothman.civ@army.mil (775)887-7865 RFQ CLOSE DATE/TIME: 11:59 PM PDT on Monday, March 23, 2026 PROVISIONS & CLAUSES The following provisions and clauses apply to this combined synopsis/solicitation and are included by either reference or full text as provided below and can be accessed at https://www.acquisition.gov. Addendum to 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items (NOV 2021) (a) To assure the timely and equitable evaluation of quotations, vendors must follow the instructions contained herein. Vendors are required to meet all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements, in addition to those identified as evaluation factors and sub-factors, if applicable. (b) SAM (System for Award Management): in order to be considered for a contract award, the company must be registered and active in the SAM database at the time of submission of offer at: www.sam.gov. (c) By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the SAM database prior to award, during performance and through final payment of any contract resulting from this solicitation. If the Offeror does not become registered in the SAM database in the time prescribed by the Contracting Officer, the Contracting Officer will proceed to award to the next otherwise successful registered Offeror. (d) Quotes must include: Menu for all meals, completed pricing sheet, and name/location of food preparation site (for example, how do you plan to successfully prepare and deliver meals in accordance with the Performance Work Statement). (e) Additional Information: (1) All offers will be reviewed for timeliness. If the offer is received after the closing date, the offer may not be considered. (2) The government will award a contract to the vendor whose offer represents the Best Value to the government. (3) The government will not hold discussions; however, the Government reserves the right to hold discussions if required. (4) Interested offeror quotations shall be valid for at least 15 days after the solicitation close date. (End of provision) ADDENDUM TO 52.212-2 EVALUATION--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (Nov 2021) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose quotation conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotation: Price. Pricing must be submitted on the attached Pricing Sheet. Offers can also provide a company formatted quote if preferred. Technical. The following must be provided with the priced quotation for technical evaluation purposes: Proposed menu for each meal provided Reasonable assurance that the offeror is in the primary business of or has agreements with entities in the primary business of catering services. The offeror must provide the name and location of where the meals are prepared, and this location must comply with all local laws regarding safe food handling, preparation, etc. The government may use past performance to determine awardee selection if necessary. Past performance is not required unless specifically requested by the contracting officer. All quotations will be reviewed for timeliness. If the quotation is received after the closing date, the quotation will not be opened. Timely quotations will be reviewed for compliance to the solicitation. If the quotation does not comply with the requirements of the solicitation, the quotation will not be evaluated further and the quotation will be considered non-responsive. Award will be made to the lowest priced offeror quotation that meets the instructions to offerors with a fair and reasonable price. A written notice of award or acceptance of a quotation, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the quotation, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the quotation’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept a quotation (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) PROVISIONS (P) AND CLAUSES (C) INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR): 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration 52.204-90 Offeror Identification 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment–Certification 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management END CLAUSES & PROVISIONS

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gregory P. Kothman
  - Email: gregory.p.kothman.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 7758877865

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7687e10fb6704201af6e36de32ad2823/view)