---
layout: default
title: 6515--Audiology Equipment Upgrade (Replacement) For the Manchester VAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0e5e392f32d0409f8cbf1fa39bd6466e
---

# 6515--Audiology Equipment Upgrade (Replacement) For the Manchester VAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 07:43:57.022-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0346
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 17 of 17 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 14 Manchester VAMC Audiology Department is seeking ICS Dizcovery System. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY FOR THE MANCHESTER VAMC: This announcement is seeking information from the industry, which will be used for preliminary planning purposes for a multi-year procurement. No proposals are being requested or accepted with this synopsis. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT SHALL BE AWARDED FROM THIS SYNOPSIS. THIS IS STRICTLY MARKET RESEARCH. The purpose of this synopsis is to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of various members of industry, who have the capability and are authorized to as a manufacturer and or distributor for Brand Name Only Item and Supplies that are either domestic or non-domestic (if non-domestic items, state country of origin), this is for a firm-fixed-price Contract. The intent of this Sources Sought is to identify vendors in the open market who can fulfill the requirements as stated in the Statement of Work included below. All items for the resulting contract shall be furnished by the selected vendor in accordance with the Statement of Work. This notice is being published to conduct market research to determine if there are a sufficient number of vendors in the open market who can supply this order in aggregate, while affording competition to the fullest extent possible. This request is new and for a short duration. The turn time will be short to meet the need. All interested firms must be registered in SAM (System for Award Management) to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Interested parties responding to this Sources Sought request shall submit the following information at a minimum: Company name and address point of contact with phone number, and DUNS number. Documentation relating to capability of performance including the current point of contact and phone number. Socio-economic status to identify business class as being a large business, SDVOSB, VOSB, small business, Woman Owned, etc. Any other pertinent company documentation, prior to submission of offers to a solicitation. Any SD/VOSB firm responding to this Sources Sought Notice must also provide proof of registration in the VA VetBiz or SBA Vet Cert, prior to submission of offers to a solicitation. This market research is for informational and planning purposes. This is not a solicitation and does not obligate the Government to issue a solicitation. Please be advised the Government will not pay any costs for responses and information submitted. All submissions are acceptable via julie.lemire1@va.gov. RESULTS INFORMATION: Respondents will not be notified of the results, and it is at the discretion of the Government to utilize results. Firms responding to this Sources Sought announcement, who fail to meet all requirements as stated above, and who fail to provide ALL of the required information requested, will not be used to help the Government make the acquisition decision, which is the intent of this sources sought announcement. STATEMENT OF WORK GENERAL INFORMATION 1. Title of Project: ICS Dizcovery System for Audiology Service 2. Scope of Work: Manchester VAMC Audiology Clinic is seeking to purchase updated diagnostic vestibular equipment. This equipment will be used to diagnose inner ear or vestibular disturbances within the Veteran population. 3. Background: Current ICS Chart 200 vestibular diagnostic equipment is no longer functioning and considered end-of-life/no longer supported. ICS Dizcovery System is an updated ICS model that will represent a replacement and allow the VA Audiology Clinic to resume vestibular assessments. 4. Performance Period: The period of performance is one time equipment purchase. Work at the government site shall not take place on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). 5. Type of Contract: Purchase price includes cost of equipment and full day of provider training. 6. Place of Performance: Equipment will be delivered to Manchester, VA Medical Center. B. CONTRACT AWARD MEETING The contractor shall not commence performance on the tasks in this SOW until the CO has conducted a kickoff meeting or has advised the contractor that a kickoff meeting is waived. C. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS 1. For every task, the contractor shall identify in writing all necessary subtasks (if any), associated costs by task, together with associated sub milestone dates. The contractor's subtask structure shall be reflected in the technical proposal and detailed project management plan (PMP). 2. All written deliverables will be phrased in layperson language. Statistical and other technical terminology will not be used without providing a glossary of terms. D. SPECIFIC MANDATORY TASKS AND ASSOCIATED DELIVERABLES Description of Tasks and Associated Deliverables: The contractor shall provide the specific deliverables described below within the performance period stated in Section A.4 of this SOW. Task One: Equipment Deliverable One: Item/Part numbers: 8-49-98401, 8-04-16400, 045653, 045657, 8-04-16210, 8-69-42631, 8-69-42632, 8-62-62300, 8-62-50200, 8-04-13310, 8-71-73200, M999000, & M998606. Task Two: Training Deliverable Two: Item number: 025312 E. SCHEDULE FOR DELIVERABLES The contractor shall complete the Delivery Date column in Attachment A for each deliverable specified. If for any reason the scheduled time for a delivery cannot be met, the contractor is required to explain why (including the original delivery date) in writing to the CO, including a firm commitment of when the work shall be completed. This notice to the CO shall cite the reasons for the delay, and the impact on the overall project. The CO will then review the facts and issue a response in accordance with applicable regulations. F. CHANGES TO STATEMENT OF WORK Any changes to this SOW shall be authorized and approved only through written correspondence from the CO. A copy of each change will be kept in a project folder along with all other products of the project. Costs incurred by the contractor through the actions of parties other than the CO shall be borne by the contractor. G. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS N/A H. TRAVEL [If applicable] N/A I. GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES [If applicable] Accept delivery at 718 Smyth Road Manchester, NH 03104. Warehouse operating hours Monday-Friday 0730-1530, Closed on all Federal Holidays. J. SECURITY K. Information System Security The contractor shall ensure adequate LAN/Internet, data, information, and system security in accordance with VA standard operating procedures and standard contract language, conditions laws, and regulations. The contractor s firewall and web server shall meet or exceed the government s minimum requirements for security. All government data shall be protected behind an approved firewall. Any security violations or attempted violations shall be reported to the VA project manager and the VBA Headquarters Information Security Officer as soon as possible. The contractor shall follow all applicable VA policies and procedures governing information security, especially those that pertain to certification accreditation. L. Security Training All contractor employees and subcontractors under this contract or order are required to complete the VA's on-line Security Awareness Training Course and the Privacy Awareness Training Course annually. Contractors must provide signed certifications of completion to the CO during each year of the contract. This requirement is in addition to any other training that may be required of the contractor and subcontractor(s). M. Government Furnished Equipment Contractor supplied equipment, PCs of all types, equipment with hard drives, etc. for contract services must meet all security requirements that apply to Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) and Government Owned Equipment (GOE) as identified in VA Policy. If non-VA owned equipment must be utilized, a waiver must be in place. See VA Handbook 6500 for waiver content and format. Security Requirements include: a) VA Approved Encryption Software must be installed on all laptops or mobile devices before placed into operation, b) Bluetooth equipped devices are prohibited within the VA; Bluetooth must be permanently disabled or removed from the device, c) Equipment must meet all sanitization requirements and procedures before disposed of, d) All remote systems (VAGFE and OE) must be equipped with, and use, VA Approved Antivirus Software and a personal (host-based or enclave based) firewall that is configured with a VA Approved Configuration. The COTR, CO, the Project Manager, and the ISO must be notified and verify all security requirements that have been adhered to. N. Contractor Personnel Security All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affairs' computer systems shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C). The level of background security investigation will be in accordance with VA Directive 0710 dated September 10, 2004, and is available at: http://www.va.gov/pubs/asp/edsdirec.asp (VA Handbook 0710, Appendix A, Tables 1 - 3). Appropriate Background Investigation (BI) forms will be provided upon contract (or task order) award and are to be completed and returned to the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) within 30 days for processing. Contractors will be notified by 07C when the BI has been completed and adjudicated. These requirements are applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the security clearance investigation is not completed prior to the start date of the contract, the employee may work on the contract while the security clearance is being processed, but the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. In the event that damage arises from work performed by contractor personnel, under the auspices of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for resources necessary to remedy the incident. The investigative history for contractor personnel working under this contract must be maintained in the databases of either the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) or the Defense Industrial Security Clearance Organization (DISCO). Should the contractor use a vendor other than OPM or Defense Security Service (DSS) to conduct investigations, the investigative company must be certified by OPM/DSS to conduct contractor investigations. O. Background Investigation The position sensitivity impact for this effort has been designated as [LOW, MODERATE, or HIGH] Risk and the level of background investigation is [NACI, MBI, or BI]. P. Contractor Responsibilities The contractor shall bear the expense of obtaining background investigations. If the investigation is conducted by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) through the VA, the contractor shall reimburse the VA within 30 days. Background investigations from investigating agencies other than OPM are permitted if the agencies possess an OPM and Defense Security Service certification. The Vendor Cage Code number must be provided to the Security and Investigations Center (07C), which will verify the information and advise the contracting officer whether access to the computer systems can be authorized. The contractor shall prescreen all personnel requiring access to the computer systems to ensure they maintain a U.S. citizenship and are able to read, write, speak and understand the English language. After contract award and prior to contract performance, the contractor shall provide the following information, using Attachment B, to the CO: List of names of contractor personnel. Â (2) Social Security Number of contractor personnel. Â (3) Home address of contractor personnel or the contractor's address. Â e. The contractor, when notified of an unfavorable determination by the Government, shall withdraw the employee from consideration from working under the contract. Failure to comply with the contractor personnel security requirements may result in termination of the contract for default. Further, the contractor will be responsible for the actions of all individuals provided to work for the VA under this contract. In the event that damages arise from work performed by contractor provided personnel, under the auspices of this contract, the contractor will be responsible for all resources necessary to remedy the incident. Q. Government Responsibilities a. The VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) will provide the necessary forms to the contractor or to the contractor's employees after receiving a list of names and addresses. Â b. Upon receipt, the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) will review the completed forms for accuracy and forward the forms to OPM to conduct the background investigation. Â c. The VA facility will pay for investigations conducted by the OPM in advance. In these instances, the contractor will reimburse the VA facility within 30 days. d. The VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) will notify the contracting officer and contractor after adjudicating the results of the background investigations received from OPM. e. The contracting officer will ensure that the contractor provides evidence that investigations have been completed or are in the process of being requested. R. ELECTRONIC AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STANDARDS S. INTERNET/INTRANET The contractor shall comply with Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Directive 6102 and VA Handbook 6102 (Internet/Intranet Services). VA Directive 6102 sets forth policies and responsibilities for the planning, design, maintenance support, and any other functions related to the administration of a VA Internet/Intranet Service Site or related service (hereinafter referred to as Internet). This directive applies to all organizational elements in the Department. This policy applies to all individuals designing and/or maintaining VA Internet Service Sites, including but not limited to full time and part time employees, contractors, interns, and volunteers. This policy applies to all VA Internet/Intranet domains and servers that utilize VA resources. This includes but is not limited to va.gov and other extensions such as, .com, .edu, .mil, .net, .org, and personal Internet service pages managed from individual workstations. VA Handbook 6102 establishes Department-wide procedures for managing, maintaining, establishing, and presenting VA Internet/Intranet Service Sites or related services (hereafter referred to as Internet ). The handbook implements the policies contained in VA Directive 6102, Internet/Intranet Services. This includes, but is not limited to, File Transfer Protocol (FTP), Hypertext Markup Language (HTML), Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Web pages, Active Server Pages (ASP), e-mail forums, and list servers. VA Directive 6102 and VA Handbook 6102 are available at: Internet/Intranet Services Directive 6102 http://www.va.gov/pubs/directives/Information-Resources-Management-(IRM)/6102d.doc Internet/Intranet Services Handbook 6102 http://www.va.gov/pubs/handbooks/Information-Resources-Management-(IRM)/6102h.doc Internet/Intranet Services Handbook 6102 Change 1 updates VA's cookie use policy, Section 508 guidelines, guidance on posting of Hot Topics, approved warning notices, and minor editorial errors. http://www.va.gov/pubs/handbooks/Information-Resources-Management-(IRM)/61021h.doc In addition, any technologies that enable a Network Delivered Application (NDA) to access or modify resources of the local machine that are outside of the browser'sÂ "sand box" are strictly prohibited. Specifically, this prohibition includes signed-applets or any ActiveX controls delivered through a browser's session. ActiveX is expressly forbidden within the VA while .NET is allowed only when granted a waiver by the VA CIO *PRIOR* to use. JavaScript is the preferred language standard for developing relatively simple interactions (i.e., forms validation, interactive menus, etc.) and Applets (J2SE APIs and Java Language) for complex network delivered applications. T. SECTION 508 The contractor shall comply with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. Â§ 794d), as amended by the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (P.L. 105-220), August 7, 1998. In December 2000, the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board (Access Board), pursuant to Section 508(2)(A) of the Rehabilitation Act Amendments of 1998, established Information Technology accessibility standards for the Federal Government. Section 508(a)(1) requires that when Federal departments or agencies develop, procure, maintain, or use Electronic and Information Technology (EIT), they shall ensure that the EIT allows Federal employees with disabilities to have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to the access to and use of information and data by other Federal employees. The Section 508 requirement also applies to members of the public seeking information or services from a Federal department or agency. Section 508 text is available at: http://www.opm.gov/HTML/508-textOfLaw.htm http://www.section508.gov/index.cfm?FuseAction=Content&ID=14 U. CONFIDENTIALITY AND NONDISCLOSURE It is agreed that: The preliminary and final deliverables and all associated working papers, application source code, and other material deemed relevant by the VA which have been generated by the contractor in the performance of this task order are the exclusive property of the U.S. Government and shall be submitted to the CO at the conclusion of the task order. The CO will be the sole authorized official to release verbally or in writing, any data, the draft deliverables, the final deliverables, or any other written or printed materials pertaining to this task order. No information shall be released by the contractor. Any request for information relating to this task order presented to the contractor shall be submitted to the CO for response. Press releases, marketing material or any other printed or electronic documentation related to this project, shall not be publicized without the written approval of the CO. Attachment A Schedule of Deliverables ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION QUANTITY UNIT OF MEASURE MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN) 0001 License, ICS Dizcovery Pro Plus 1 EA 8-49-98401 0002 1091, ICS Dizcovery System 1 EA 8-04-16400 0003 1091, ICS Dizcovery Cradle 1 EA 045653 0004 1091, ICS Dizcovery Universal Face Cushion (Qty 40) 1 EA 045657 0005 1085 ICS Impulse Monocular Video Frenzel (US ONLY) 1 EA 8-04-16210 0006 1085 Lateral Head Impulse 1 EA 8-69-42631 0007 1085 LARP/RALP Head Impulse 1 EA 8-69-42632 0008 1085 Face Cushion 2 (10 Boxes/100 Cushions) 1 EA 8-62-62300 0009 1085 Face Cushion (10 Boxes/120 1 EA 8-62-50200 0010 1079 AirCal Caloric Stimulator (Standard Length-3m), US ONLY 1 EA 8-04-13310 0011 Cable USB (2m) 1 EA 8-71-79200 0012 AUD Training-FULL DAY 1 EA 025312 0013 Compact cart for the HIS Duet EP System 1 EA M999000 0014 120V Isolation Transformer Compact 500 Watts (for mobile cart) 1 EA M998606 Privacy Language for Statement of Work (SOW)Â Contactor policies and procedures shall comply with all VA Privacy & Security, the Privacy Act and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).Â Records Management Language for Statement of Work (SOW):Â The following standard items relate to records generated in executing the contract and shall be included in a typical procurement contract:Â Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C chapters 21, 29, 31 and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228.Â Â Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest.Â Â Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records.Â Â Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act.Â Â Â Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract.Â Â Â The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract.Â Â The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data.Â Â Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.].Â Â Â No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules.Â Â Â Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information.Â Â Â Â VA INFORMATION AND INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY/PRIVACY LANGUAGE FOR INCLUSION INTO CONTRACTS, AS APPROPRIATEÂ Â 1. GENERALÂ Â Â Contractors, contractor personnel, subcontractors, and subcontractor personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks as VA and VA personnel regarding information and information system security.Â Â 2. ACCESS TO VA INFORMATION AND VA INFORMATION SYSTEMSÂ Â Â a. A contractor/subcontrator shall request logical (technical) or physical access to VA information and VA information systems for their employees, subcontractors, and affiliates only to the extent necessary to perform the services specified in the contract, agreement, or task order.Â Â b. All contractors, subcontractors, and third-party servicers and associates working with VA information are subject to the same investigative requirements as those of VA appointees or employees who have access to the same types of information. The level and process of background security investigations for contractors must be in accordance with VA Directive and Handbook 0710, Personnel Suitability and Security Program. The Office for Operations, Security, and Preparedness is responsible for these policies and procedures.Â Â Â c. Contract personnel who require access to national security programs must have a valid security clearance. National Industrial Security Program (NISP) was established by Executive Order 12829 to ensure that cleared U.S. defense industry contract personnel safeguard the classified information in their possession while performing work on contracts, programs, bids, or research and development efforts. The Department of Veterans Affairs does not have a Memorandum of Agreement with Defense Security Service (DSS). Verification of a Security Clearance must be processed through the Special Security Officer located in the Planning and National Security Service within the Office of Operations, Security, and Preparedness.Â Â Â d. Custom software development and outsourced operations must be located in the U.S. to the maximum extent practical. If such services are proposed to be performed abroad and are not disallowed by other VA policy or mandates, the contractor/subcontractor must state where all non-U.S. services are provided and detail a security plan, deemed to be acceptable by VA, specifically to address mitigation of the resulting problems of communication, control, data protection, and so forth. Location within the U.S. may be an evaluation factor.Â Â Â e. The contractor or subcontractor must notify the Contracting Officer immediately when an employee working on a VA system or with access to VA information is reassigned or leaves the contractor or subcontractor s employ. The Contracting Officer must also be notified immediately by the contractor or subcontractor prior to an unfriendly termination.Â Â Â 3. VA INFORMATION CUSTODIAL LANGUAGEÂ Â Â a. Information made available to the contractor or subcontractor by VA for the performance or administration of this contract or information developed by the contractor/subcontractor in performance or administration of the contract shall be used only for those purposes and shall not be used in any other way without the prior written agreement of the VA. This clause expressly limits the contractor/subcontractor's rights to use data as described in Rights in Data - General, FAR 52.227-14(d) (1).Â Â Â b. VA information should not be co-mingled, if possible, with any other data on the contractors/subcontractor s information systems or media storage systems in order to ensure VA requirements related to data protection and media sanitization can be met. If co-mingling must be allowed to meet the requirements of the business need, the contractor must ensure that VA s information is returned to the VA or destroyed in accordance with VA s sanitization requirements. VA reserves the right to conduct on site inspections of contractor and subcontractor IT resources to ensure data security controls, separation of data and job duties, and destruction/media sanitization procedures are in compliance with VA directive requirements.Â Â c. Prior to termination or completion of this contract, contractor/subcontractor must not destroy information received from VA, or gathered/created by the contractor in the course of performing this contract without prior written approval by the VA. Any data destruction done on behalf of VA by a contractor/subcontractor must be done in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) requirements as outlined in VA Directive 6300, Records and Information Management and its Handbook

6300.1 Records Management Procedures, applicable VA Records Control Schedules, and VA Handbook 6500.1, Electronic Media Sanitization. Self-certification by the contractor that the data destruction requirements above have been met must be sent to the VA Contracting Officer within 30 days of termination of the contract.Â Â d. The contractor/subcontractor must receive, gather, store, back up, maintain, use, disclose and dispose of VA information only in compliance with the terms of the contract and applicable Federal and VA information confidentiality and security laws, regulations and policies. If Federal or VA information confidentiality and security laws, regulations and policies become applicable to the VA information or information systems after execution of the contract, or if NIST issues or updates applicable FIPS or Special Publications (SP) after execution of this contract, the parties agree to negotiate in good faith to implement the information confidentiality and security laws, regulations and policies in this contract.Â Â Â e. The contractor/subcontractor shall not make copies of VA information except as authorized and necessary to perform the terms of the agreement or to preserve electronic information stored on contractor/subcontractor electronic storage media for restoration in case any electronic equipment or data used by the contractor/subcontractor needs to be restored to an operating state. If copies are made for restoration purposes, after the restoration is complete, the copies must be appropriately destroyed.Â Â f. If VA determines that the contractor has violated any of the information confidentiality, privacy, and security provisions of the contract, it shall be sufficient grounds for VA to withhold payment to the contractor or third party or terminate the contract for default or terminate for cause under Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 12.Â Â g. If a VHA contract is terminated for cause, the associated BAA must also be terminated and appropriate actions taken in accordance with VHA Handbook 1600.01, Business Associate Agreements. Absent an agreement to use or disclose protected health information, there is no business associate relationship.Â Â h. The contractor/subcontractor must store, transport, or transmit VA sensitive information in an encrypted form, using VA-approved encryption tools that are, at a minimum, FIPS 140-2 validated.Â Â i. The contractor/subcontractor s firewall and Web services security controls, if applicable, shall meet or exceed VA s minimum requirements. VA Configuration Guidelines are available upon request.Â Â Â j. Except for uses and disclosures of VA information authorized by this contract for performance of the contract, the contractor/subcontractor may use and disclose VA information only in two other situations: (i) in response to a qualifying order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) with VA s prior written approval. The contractor/subcontractor must refer all requests for, demands for production of, or inquiries about, VA information and information systems to the VA contracting officer for response.Â Â k. Notwithstanding the provision above, the contractor/subcontractor shall not release VA records protected by Title 38 U.S.C. 5705, confidentiality of medical quality assurance records and/or Title 38 U.S.C. 7332, confidentiality of certain health records pertaining to drug addiction, sickle cell anemia, alcoholism or alcohol abuse, or infection with human immunodeficiency virus. If the contractor/subcontractor is in receipt of a court order or other requests for the above mentioned information, that contractor/subcontractor shall immediately refer such court orders or other requests to the VA contracting officer for response.Â Â l. For service that involves the storage, generating, transmitting, or exchanging of VA sensitive information but does not require C&A or an MOU-ISA for system interconnection, the contractor/subcontractor must complete a Contractor Security Control Assessment (CSCA) on a yearly basis and provide it to the COTR.Â Â Â 4. INFORMATION SYSTEM DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENTÂ Â Â a. Information systems that are designed or developed for or on behalf of VA at non-VA facilities shall comply with all VA directives developed in accordance with FISMA, HIPAA, NIST, and related VA security and privacy control requirements for Federal information systems. This includes standards for the protection of electronic PHI, outlined in 45 C.F.R. Part 164, Subpart C, information and system security categorization level designations in accordance with FIPS 199 and FIPS 200 with implementation of all baseline security controls commensurate with the FIPS 199 system security categorization (reference Appendix D of VA Ha...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julie Lemire
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Julie.Lemire1@va.gov
  - Phone: 781-226-8882

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for each deliverable specified. If for any reason the scheduled time for a delivery cannot be met, the contractor is required to explain why (including the original delivery date) in writing to the CO, including a firm commitment of when the work shall be completed. This notice to the CO shall cite the reasons for the delay, and the impact on the overall project. The CO will then review the facts and issue a response in accordance with applicable regulations. F. CHANGES TO STATEMENT OF WORK Any changes to this SOW shall be authorized and approved only through written correspondence from the CO. A copy of each change will be kept in a project folder along with all other products of the project. Costs incurred by the contractor through the actions of parties other than the CO shall be borne by the contractor. G. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS N/A H. TRAVEL [If applicable] N/A I. GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES [If applicable] Accept delivery at 718 Smyth Road Manchester, NH 03104. Warehouse operating hours Monday-Friday 0730-1530, Closed on all Federal Holidays. J. SECURITY K. Information System Security The contractor shall ensure adequate LAN/Internet, data, information, and system security in accordance with VA standard operating procedures and standard contract language, conditions laws, and regulations. The contractor s firewall and web server shall meet or exceed the government s minimum requirements for security. All government data shall be protected behind an approved firewall. Any security violations or attempted violations shall be reported to the VA project manager and the VBA Headquarters Information Security Officer as soon as possible. The contractor shall follow all applicable VA policies and procedures governing information security, especially those that pertain to certification accreditation. L. Security Training All contractor employees and subcontractors under this contract or order are required to complete the VA"s on-line Security Awareness Training Course and the Privacy Awareness Training Course annually. Contractors must provide signed certifications of completion to the CO during each year of the contract. This requirement is in addition to any other training that may be required of the contractor and subcontractor(s). M. Government Furnished Equipment Contractor supplied equipment, PCs of all types, equipment with hard drives, etc. for contract services must meet all security requirements that apply to Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) and Government Owned Equipment (GOE) as identified in VA Policy. If non-VA owned equipment must be utilized, a waiver must be in place. See VA Handbook 6500 for waiver content and format. Security Requirements include: a) VA Approved Encryption Software must be installed on all laptops or mobile devices before placed into operation, b) Bluetooth equipped devices are prohibited within the VA; Bluetooth must be permanently disabled or removed from the device, c) Equipment must meet all sanitization requirements and procedures before disposed of, d) All remote systems (VAGFE and OE) must be equipped with, and use, VA Approved Antivirus Software and a personal (host-based or enclave based) firewall that is configured with a VA Approved Configuration. The COTR, CO, the Project Manager, and the ISO must be notified and verify all security requirements that have been adhered to. N. Contractor Personnel Security All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affairs" computer systems shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C). The level of background security investigation will be in accordance with VA Directive 0710 dated September 10, 2004, and is available at: http://www.va.gov/pubs/asp/edsdirec.asp (VA Handbook 0710, Appendix A, Tables 1 - 3). Appropriate Background Investigation (BI) forms will be provided upon contract (or task order) award and are to be completed and returned to the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) within 30 days for processing. Contractors will be notified by 07C when the BI has been completed and adjudicated. These requirements are applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the security clearance investigation is not completed prior to the start date of the contract, the employee may work on the contract while the security clearance is being processed, but the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. In the event that damage arises from work performed by contractor personnel, under the auspices of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for resources necessary to remedy the incident. The investigative history for contractor personnel working under this contract must be maintained in the databases of either the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) or the Defense Industrial Security Clearance Organization (DISCO). Should the contractor use a vendor other than OPM or Defense Security Service (DSS) to conduct investigations, the investigative company must be certified by OPM/DSS to conduct contractor investigations. O. Background Investigation The position sensitivity impact for this effort has been designated as [LOW, MODERATE, or HIGH] Risk and the level of background investigation is [NACI, MBI, or BI]. P. Contractor Responsibilities The contractor shall bear the expense of obtaining background investigations. If the investigation is conducted by the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) through the VA, the contractor shall reimburse the VA within 30 days. Background investigations from investigating agencies other than OPM are permitted if the agencies possess an OPM and Defense Security Service certification. The Vendor Cage Code number must be provided to the Security and Investigations Center (07C), which will verify the information and advise the contracting officer whether access to the computer systems can be authorized. The contractor shall prescreen all personnel requiring access to the computer systems to ensure they maintain a U.S. citizenship and are able to read, write, speak and understand the English language. After contract award and prior to contract performance, the contractor shall provide the following information, using Attachment B, to the CO: List of names of contractor personnel. Â (2) Social Security Number of contractor personnel. Â (3) Home address of contractor personnel or the contractor"s address. Â e. The contractor, when notified of an unfavorable determination by the Government, shall withdraw the employee from consideration from working under the contract. Failure to comply with the contractor personnel security requirements may result in termination of the contract for default. Further, the contractor will be responsible for the actions of all individuals provided to work for the VA under this contract. In the event that damages arise from work performed by contractor provided personnel, under the auspices of this contract, the contractor will be responsible for all resources necessary to remedy the incident. Q. Government Responsibilities a. The VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) will provide the necessary forms to the contractor or to the contractor"s employees after receiving a list of names and addresses. Â b. Upon receipt, the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) will review the completed forms for accuracy and forward the forms to OPM to conduct the background investigation. Â c. The VA facility will pay for investigations conducted by the OPM in advance. In these instances, the contractor will reimburse the VA facility within 30 days. d. The VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) will notify the contracting officer and contractor after adjudicating the results of the background investigations received from OPM. e. The contracting officer will ensure that the contractor provides evidence that investigations have been completed or are in the process of being requested. R. ELECTRONIC AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY STANDARDS S. INTERNET/INTRANET The contractor shall comply with Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Directive 6102 and VA Handbook 6102 (Internet/Intranet Services). VA Directive 6102 sets forth policies and responsibilities for the planning, design, maintenance support, and any other functions related to the administration of a VA Internet/Intranet Service Site or related service (hereinafter referred to as Internet). This directive applies to all organizational elements in the Department. This policy applies to all individuals designing and/or maintaining VA Internet Service Sites, including but not limited to full time and part time employees, contractors, interns, and volunteers. This policy applies to all VA Internet/Intranet domains and servers that utilize VA resources. This includes but is not limited to va.gov and other extensions such as, .com, .edu, .mil, .net, .org, and personal Internet service pages managed from individual workstations. VA Handbook 6102 establishes Department-wide procedures for managing, maintaining, establishing, and presenting VA Internet/Intranet Service Sites or related services (hereafter referred to as Internet ). The handbook implements the policies contained in VA Directive 6102, Internet/Intranet Services. This includes, but is not limited to, File Transfer Protocol (FTP), Hypertext Markup Language (HTML), Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), Web pages, Active Server Pages (ASP), e-mail forums, and list servers. VA Directive 6102 and VA Handbook 6102 are available at: Internet/Intranet Services Directive 6102 http://www.va.gov/pubs/directives/Information-Resources-Management-(IRM)/6102d.doc Internet/Intranet Services Handbook 6102 http://www.va.gov/pubs/handbooks/Information-Resources-Management-(IRM)/6102h.doc Internet/Intranet Services Handbook 6102 Change 1 updates VA"s cookie use policy, Section 508 guidelines, guidance on posting of Hot Topics, approved warning notices, and minor editorial errors. http://www.va.gov/pubs/handbooks/Information-Resources-Management-(IRM)/61021h.doc In addition, any technologies that enable a Network Delivered Application (NDA) to access or modify resources of the local machine that are outside of the browser"sÂ "sand box" are strictly prohibited. Specifically, this prohibition includes signed-applets or any ActiveX controls delivered through a browser"s session. ActiveX is expressly forbidden within the VA while .NET is allowed only when granted a waiver by the VA CIO *PRIOR* to use. JavaScript is the preferred language standard for developing relatively simple interactions (i.e., forms validation, interactive menus, etc.) and Applets (J2SE APIs and Java Language) for complex network delivered applications. T. SECTION 508 The contractor shall comply with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. Â§ 794d), as amended by the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (P.L. 105-220), August 7, 1998. In December 2000, the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board (Access Board), pursuant to Section 508(2)(A) of the Rehabilitation Act Amendments of 1998, established Information Technology accessibility standards for the Federal Government. Section 508(a)(1) requires that when Federal departments or agencies develop, procure, maintain, or use Electronic and Information Technology (EIT), they shall ensure that the EIT allows Federal employees with disabilities to have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to the access to and use of information and data by other Federal employees. The Section 508 requirement also applies to members of the public seeking information or services from a Federal department or agency. Section 508 text is available at: http://www.opm.gov/HTML/508-textOfLaw.htm http://www.section508.gov/index.cfm?FuseAction=Content&ID=14 U. CONFIDENTIALITY AND NONDISCLOSURE It is agreed that: The preliminary and final deliverables and all associated working papers, application source code, and other material deemed relevant by the VA which have been generated by the contractor in the performance of this task order are the exclusive property of the U.S. Government and shall be submitted to the CO at the conclusion of the task order. The CO will be the sole authorized official to release verbally or in writing, any data, the draft deliverables, the final deliverables, or any other written or printed materials pertaining to this task order. No information shall be released by the contractor. Any request for information relating to this task order presented to the contractor shall be submitted to the CO for response. Press releases, marketing material or any other printed or electronic documentation related to this project, shall not be publicized without the written approval of the CO. Attachment A Schedule of Deliverables ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION QUANTITY UNIT OF MEASURE MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN) 0001 License, ICS Dizcovery Pro Plus 1 EA 8-49-98401 0002 1091, ICS Dizcovery System 1 EA 8-04-16400 0003 1091, ICS Dizcovery Cradle 1 EA 045653 0004 1091, ICS Dizcovery Universal Face Cushion (Qty 40) 1 EA 045657 0005 1085 ICS Impulse Monocular Video Frenzel (US ONLY) 1 EA 8-04-16210 0006 1085 Lateral Head Impulse 1 EA 8-69-42631 0007 1085 LARP/RALP Head Impulse 1 EA 8-69-42632 0008 1085 Face Cushion 2 (10 Boxes/100 Cushions) 1 EA 8-62-62300 0009 1085 Face Cushion (10 Boxes/120 1 EA 8-62-50200 0010 1079 AirCal Caloric Stimulator (Standard Length-3m), US ONLY 1 EA 8-04-13310 0011 Cable USB (2m) 1 EA 8-71-79200 0012 AUD Training-FULL DAY 1 EA 025312 0013 Compact cart for the HIS Duet EP System 1 EA M999000 0014 120V Isolation Transformer Compact 500 Watts (for mobile cart) 1 EA M998606 Privacy Language for Statement of Work (SOW)Â Contactor policies and procedures shall comply with all VA Privacy & Security, the Privacy Act and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).Â Records Management Language for Statement of Work (SOW):Â The following standard items relate to records generated in executing the contract and shall be included in a typical procurement contract:Â Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C chapters 21, 29, 31 and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228.Â Â Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest.Â Â Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records.Â Â Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act.Â Â Â Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract.Â Â Â The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract.Â Â The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data.Â Â Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.].Â Â Â No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules.Â Â Â Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer"s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information.Â Â Â Â VA INFORMATION AND INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY/PRIVACY LANGUAGE FOR INCLUSION INTO CONTRACTS, AS APPROPRIATEÂ Â 1. GENERALÂ Â Â Contractors, contractor personnel, subcontractors, and subcontractor personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks as VA and VA personnel regarding information and information system security.Â Â 2. ACCESS TO VA INFORMATION AND VA INFORMATION SYSTEMSÂ Â Â a. A contractor/subcontrator shall request logical (technical) or physical access to VA information and VA information systems for their employees, subcontractors, and affiliates only to the extent necessary to perform the services specified in the contract, agreement, or task order.Â Â b. All contractors, subcontractors, and third-party servicers and associates working with VA information are subject to the same investigative requirements as those of VA appointees or employees who have access to the same types of information. The level and process of background security investigations for contractors must be in accordance with VA Directive and Handbook 0710, Personnel Suitability and Security Program. The Office for Operations, Security, and Preparedness is responsible for these policies and procedures.Â Â Â c. Contract personnel who require access to national security programs must have a valid security clearance. National Industrial Security Program (NISP) was established by Executive Order 12829 to ensure that cleared U.S. defense industry contract personnel safeguard the classified information in their possession while performing work on contracts, programs, bids, or research and development efforts. The Department of Veterans Affairs does not have a Memorandum of Agreement with Defense Security Service (DSS). Verification of a Security Clearance must be processed through the Special Security Officer located in the Planning and National Security Service within the Office of Operations, Security, and Preparedness.Â Â Â d. Custom software development and outsourced operations must be located in the U.S. to the maximum extent practical. If such services are proposed to be performed abroad and are not disallowed by other VA policy or mandates, the contractor/subcontractor must state where all non-U.S. services are provided and detail a security plan, deemed to be acceptable by VA, specifically to address mitigation of the resulting problems of communication, control, data protection, and so forth. Location within the U.S. may be an evaluation factor.Â Â Â e. The contractor or subcontractor must notify the Contracting Officer immediately when an employee working on a VA system or with access to VA information is reassigned or leaves the contractor or subcontractor s employ. The Contracting Officer must also be notified immediately by the contractor or subcontractor prior to an unfriendly termination.Â Â Â 3. VA INFORMATION CUSTODIAL LANGUAGEÂ Â Â a. Information made available to the contractor or subcontractor by VA for the performance or administration of this contract or information developed by the contractor/subcontractor in performance or administration of the contract shall be used only for those purposes and shall not be used in any other way without the prior written agreement of the VA. This clause expressly limits the contractor/subcontractor"s rights to use data as described in Rights in Data - General, FAR 52.227-14(d) (1).Â Â Â b. VA information should not be co-mingled, if possible, with any other data on the contractors/subcontractor s information systems or media storage systems in order to ensure VA requirements related to data protection and media sanitization can be met. If co-mingling must be allowed to meet the requirements of the business need, the contractor must ensure that VA s information is returned to the VA or destroyed in accordance with VA s sanitization requirements. VA reserves the right to conduct on site inspections of contractor and subcontractor IT resources to ensure data security controls, separation of data and job duties, and destruction/media sanitization procedures are in compliance with VA directive requirements.Â Â c. Prior to termination or completion of this contract, contractor/subcontractor must not destroy information received from VA, or gathered/created by the contractor in the course of performing this contract without prior written approval by the VA. Any data destruction done on behalf of VA by a contractor/subcontractor must be done in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) requirements as outlined in VA Directive 6300, Records and Information Management and its Handbook
- Attachment 2: of VA Ha

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0e5e392f32d0409f8cbf1fa39bd6466e/view)