---
layout: default
title: Ochoco NF, Lamonta Compound and Heli-Base Janitorial Cleaning Services
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 6fdab5e7d55741f8ad65e57f19908695
---

# Ochoco NF, Lamonta Compound and Heli-Base Janitorial Cleaning Services

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 12:49:21.222-04
- Solicitation Number: 1240BE26Q0050

## Summary

(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1240BE26Q0050 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns, 561720 Janitorial Services $22 Million. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), SEE SCHEDULE OF ITEMS (ii) Description of requirements: Janitorial cleaning services for Government Offices on the U.S. Forest Service Administrative site in strict compliance with the terms, specifications, conditions, and provisions contained herein. The contractor shall furnish all labor, equipment, supervision, transportation, supplies (except those listed under Government furnished), and incidentals necessary to complete the work as specified. The regular cleaning services will be performed at frequencies determined by the Government. The quantity of office furniture or utilization of floor space is subject to change during the contract period. Performance shall be based on the Government’s evaluation of the results. Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance: The performance for these requirements shall be located at: Lamonta Compound Heli-Base/Rappelers Building 1175 Lamonta St. 4550 Airport Way Prineville, OR 97754 Prineville, OR 97754 Period of Performance: Base: 01 May 2026 through 31 December 2026 Option Year 1: 01 January 2027 through 31 December 2027 Option Year 2: 01 January 2028 through 31 December 2028 Option Year 3: 01 January 2029 through 31 December 2029 Option Year 4: 01 January 2030 through 31 December 2030 (iv) NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed. (v) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. Offers shall be submitted electronically via email to the Government Points of Contact below no later than 1700 PT 21 April 2026. Government Points of Contact: Contracting Officer: Jared Machgan email: Jared.Machgan@usda.gov Attachments List: The following attachments are made as part of this solicitation and any resultant contract. (vi) Attachment Number Description 1 Schedule of Items and Performance Work Statement 2 Wage rates 3 Lamonta Site Map 4. Fire Ops Floor Plan 5. HeliBase Floor Plan 6. Amendment 0001 posted 4/8/2026 (vii) Award Type It is anticipated that a FIRM FIXED PRICED contract will be awarded. The Government reserves the right to make more than one award (multiple awards) for different line items, if, after, it is determined that the multiple awards will result in the best value to the Government. Offeror may submit pricing for one or all line items. (SEE SCHEDULE AND STATEMENT OF WORK ATTACHMENT.) (viii) Evaluation and Basis for Award The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services is not applicable to this solicitation. In lieu of this provision, quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.203 based on the criteria listed below. Contract will be awarded to the offeror representing the best value to the Government. 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (Jan 2017) 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration (Nov 2025) 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations - Representation (Sep 2025) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (SEP 2025) (DEVIATION) 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (July 1990) 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Nov 2025) 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Nov 2025 Alternate I (Nov 2025 of 52.240-91) (ix) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) FAR 52.212-1 is amended as follows: IT IS THE OFFERERS RESPONSIBILITY TO SUBMIT THEIR BEST OFFER WITH ALL REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION. Questions shall be submitted via email to Jared.Machgan@usda.gov and are due no later than March 26, 2026, at 1500 Mountain Time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date) (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include— (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a post award debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) (xiii) 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Aug 2025). Schedule of items is be filled out in its entirety. Modifications to the Schedule of items document is not allowed. In a separate document from the Schedule of items offer document, address the evaluation criteria questions below and include your response in your submission. (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: In a separate document, address the evaluation criteria questions below and include your response in your submission. 1. Relevant Past Performance History: a). Provide the number of years this specific entity has been providing Janitorial Cleaning Services. If part of the experience period was doing business under a different business name, identify that business and period separately. IT IS CRITICAL if you are subcontracting any part of this project, that you identify the same information for the sub-contractors throughout the evaluation questionnaire. Evaluation is looking at those performing the janitorial services as well as who administers the contract. Provide a listing of your projects for the past three-year period that most closely relate to this type of work. Include the dates of performance, the company name, the name of contact person, and their telephone number. References will be contacted. Also include any contract that was terminated (convenience and or cause) or cancelled and address why the contract was terminated or cancelled. 2. Quality of Services: Demonstrated ability to perform services in accordance with the contract specifications. Conformance to good standards of workmanship. Offerors shall submit their Quality Control Plan and how they intend to meet Government performance standards for each task and subtask associated with this contract. a). The Quality Control Plan (QCP) should recognize the responsibility of the Contractor to carry out its quality control obligations and contain measurable inspection and acceptance criteria corresponding to the Performance Work Statement (PWS). The QCP shall specify: -How quality will be monitored to ensure performance standards are met. -How the work will be supervised. -Identify the personnel responsible for performing quality control. -How results of the monitoring will result in quality performance. -Create a checklist for inspection of the building that covers all services stated in the “Performance Work Statement” -A system to ensure that the Contractor’s employees are notified of any deficiencies in their area of responsibility. -A plan to monitor and correct customer complaints. -A plan for immediately forwarding customer complaints that are not the responsibility of the Contractor to the COR. 3. Technical Approach a) Provide a listing of your in-house capabilities and the tasks if you intend to subcontract. Include a list of the facilities (for storage of supplies related to this project), supplies, tools and/or equipment you intend to use. b). Performance, schedule and staffing: List the names and experience of the employee(s) with appropriate skills and skill levels to accomplish the project with regard to the personnel qualifications. 4 USE OF BIOBASED PRODUCTS As required by FAR 52.223-2, biobased products must be used in performance of this contract. Contractor shall describe current or past performance experience with the use of biobased products. For the purposes of this contract, the Contractor shall include a list of products intended for use on the Gardiner Ranger Station Janitorial. Identify each product’s biobased Potent percentage and the product’s intended use. Rating will be acceptable or Unacceptable Proposal clearly states the utilization of biobased products, list of products, certification, and percentage. Proposal does not clearly state the utilization of biobased products, does not include a list of products, lacks certification, and is lacking in clear understanding of operation plan. 5. Price: The Government will use the pricing provided in Schedule of Items. It is the Government’s intent to determine the reasonableness of the offer, the offeror’s understanding of the work and the offeror’s ability to fulfil the contract. The Government will issue a contract to the offeror quote conforms to the solicitation requirements, and which offers the best value to the Government. (b) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) (x) AGAR Provisions 452.203-70 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Certification (Dec 2025) (a) By submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. Neither it nor any proposed subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. (b) If the offeror participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, by submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that it is compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The offeror affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the offeror will not be eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to offeror’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the offeror to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) Failure on the part of the offeror or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate the contract for default. (End of Provision) NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jared Machgan
  - Email: jared.machgan@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Description 1 Schedule of Items and Performance Work Statement 2 Wage rates 3 Lamonta Site Map 4. Fire Ops Floor Plan 5. HeliBase Floor Plan 6. Amendment 0001 posted 4/8/2026 (vii) Award Type It is anticipated that a FIRM FIXED PRICED contract will be awarded. The Government reserves the right to make more than one award (multiple awards) for different line items, if, after, it is determined that the multiple awards will result in the best value to the Government. Offeror may submit pricing for one or all line items. (SEE SCHEDULE AND STATEMENT OF WORK ATTACHMENT.) (viii) Evaluation and Basis for Award The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services is not applicable to this solicitation. In lieu of this provision, quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.203 based on the criteria listed below. Contract will be awarded to the offeror representing the best value to the Government. 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (Jan 2017) 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration (Nov 2025) 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations - Representation (Sep 2025) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (SEP 2025) (DEVIATION) 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (July 1990) 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Nov 2025) 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Nov 2025 Alternate I (Nov 2025 of 52.240-91) (ix) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) FAR 52.212-1 is amended as follows: IT IS THE OFFERERS RESPONSIBILITY TO SUBMIT THEIR BEST OFFER WITH ALL REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION. Questions shall be submitted via email to Jared.Machgan@usda.gov and are due no later than March 26, 2026, at 1500 Mountain Time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date) (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include— (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a post award debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) (xiii) 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Aug 2025). Schedule of items is be filled out in its entirety. Modifications to the Schedule of items document is not allowed. In a separate document from the Schedule of items offer document, address the evaluation criteria questions below and include your response in your submission. (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: In a separate document, address the evaluation criteria questions below and include your response in your submission. 1. Relevant Past Performance History: a). Provide the number of years this specific entity has been providing Janitorial Cleaning Services. If part of the experience period was doing business under a different business name, identify that business and period separately. IT IS CRITICAL if you are subcontracting any part of this project, that you identify the same information for the sub-contractors throughout the evaluation questionnaire. Evaluation is looking at those performing the janitorial services as well as who administers the contract. Provide a listing of your projects for the past three-year period that most closely relate to this type of work. Include the dates of performance, the company name, the name of contact person, and their telephone number. References will be contacted. Also include any contract that was terminated (convenience and or cause) or cancelled and address why the contract was terminated or cancelled. 2. Quality of Services: Demonstrated ability to perform services in accordance with the contract specifications. Conformance to good standards of workmanship. Offerors shall submit their Quality Control Plan and how they intend to meet Government performance standards for each task and subtask associated with this contract. a). The Quality Control Plan (QCP) should recognize the responsibility of the Contractor to carry out its quality control obligations and contain measurable inspection and acceptance criteria corresponding to the Performance Work Statement (PWS). The QCP shall specify: -How quality will be monitored to ensure performance standards are met. -How the work will be supervised. -Identify the personnel responsible for performing quality control. -How results of the monitoring will result in quality performance. -Create a checklist for inspection of the building that covers all services stated in the “Performance Work Statement” -A system to ensure that the Contractor’s employees are notified of any deficiencies in their area of responsibility. -A plan to monitor and correct customer complaints. -A plan for immediately forwarding customer complaints that are not the responsibility of the Contractor to the COR. 3. Technical Approach a) Provide a listing of your in-house capabilities and the tasks if you intend to subcontract. Include a list of the facilities (for storage of supplies related to this project), supplies, tools and/or equipment you intend to use. b). Performance, schedule and staffing: List the names and experience of the employee(s) with appropriate skills and skill levels to accomplish the project with regard to the personnel qualifications. 4 USE OF BIOBASED PRODUCTS As required by FAR 52.223-2, biobased products must be used in performance of this contract. Contractor shall describe current or past performance experience with the use of biobased products. For the purposes of this contract, the Contractor shall include a list of products intended for use on the Gardiner Ranger Station Janitorial. Identify each product’s biobased Potent percentage and the product’s intended use. Rating will be acceptable or Unacceptable Proposal clearly states the utilization of biobased products, list of products, certification, and percentage. Proposal does not clearly state the utilization of biobased products, does not include a list of products, lacks certification, and is lacking in clear understanding of operation plan. 5. Price: The Government will use the pricing provided in Schedule of Items. It is the Government’s intent to determine the reasonableness of the offer, the offeror’s understanding of the work and the offeror’s ability to fulfil the contract. The Government will issue a contract to the offeror quote conforms to the solicitation requirements, and which offers the best value to the Government. (b) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) (x) AGAR Provisions 452.203-70 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Certification (Dec 2025) (a) By submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. Neither it nor any proposed subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. (b) If the offeror participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, by submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that it is compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The offeror affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the offeror will not be eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to offeror’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the offeror to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) Failure on the part of the offeror or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate the contract for default. (End of Provision) NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6fdab5e7d55741f8ad65e57f19908695/view)