---
layout: default
title: PRESOLICITATION NOTICE FOR DESIGN-BID-BUILD (DBB) PHASE III GROUNDWATER TREATMENT PLANT CONSTRUCTION, NWIRP BETHPAGE, WANTAGH, NEW YORK
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 8998ae66bcb14de49c52d951f19f4212
---

# PRESOLICITATION NOTICE FOR DESIGN-BID-BUILD (DBB) PHASE III GROUNDWATER TREATMENT PLANT CONSTRUCTION, NWIRP BETHPAGE, WANTAGH, NEW YORK

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 10:23:26.806-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008526R0045

## Summary

Solicitation Number: N4008526R0045 This notice does NOT constitute a request for proposal, request for quote, or invitation for bid. The intent of this pre-solicitation synopsis is to make notice of a proposed contract action for performing construction services for Design-Bid-Build (DBB) Phase III Groundwater Treatment Plant Construction, Naval Weapons Industrial Reserve Plant (NWIRP) Bethpage, Wantagh, New York. PROJECT DESCRIPTION: This Design-Bid-Build project aims to address a plume of contaminated groundwater that has spread south from the former NWIRP and Northrop Grumman properties. This contamination, primarily consisting of chlorinated VOCs (like TCE) and 1,4-dioxane, is being remediated as required by the Navy and the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. The core of this phase is the construction of a new Groundwater Treatment Plant (GWTP) designed to intercept the leading edge of the plume. The plant will treat the captured water to meet drinking water standards using a process that includes sand filters, an Advanced Oxidation Process (AOP), and Granular Activated Carbon (GAC). The scope of work involves the complete construction and commissioning of the facility. This includes completing three groundwater recovery wells and the associated underground piping to bring contaminated water to the plant. The facility itself will house numerous systems, including large storage tanks, multiple filter types, the AOP system, and granular activated carbon units. The project also covers the construction of two new buildings for the treatment plant and offices, along with all necessary structural, electrical, and plumbing infrastructure. The work includes: buried piping systems, pavements, and miscellaneous items; one underground vault; piping, valves, fittings for three recovery wells and wiring, instruments, and equipment within the conduit, manholes, and vaults; three Reinforced Plastic (FRP) vertical storage tanks; one glass fused Backwash waste steel tank; three Multimedia Vertical Pressure Filters (MMF) unit vessels, two Horizontal Cartridge Filters, one Ozone-Hydrogen Peroxide Advance Oxidation Process (AOP) system; three Liquid Phase Granular Activated Carbon (LGAC) unit vessels; eight pumps with piping, valves, supports and appurtenances; two blowers; chemical feed systems for Sodium Hydroxide, Sodium Hypochlorite and Hydrogen Peroxide; two buildings (treatment plant and office), foundations, and interior/exterior concrete slabs on grade and under-slab utility coordination; structural and architectural roof and systems; one 1200A, 277/480V, 3-phase, 3-Wire Service; an MCC for motor VFDs; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC); a PLC and SCADA system, and internet/cellular gateway to enable off- site Phase III System process parameters; earthwork, including pad excavation and site re-grading; site utilities; fencing; and a fire protection system. The completion time for this contract is 1,095 calendar days after award. This solicitation is being advertised as "Unrestricted" for full and open competition. This source selection procurement requires both non-price (technical and past performance) and price proposals and will utilize the best value continuum process at Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) 15.103-1, Tradeoff. The basis for evaluation and evaluation factors for award will be included in the solicitation. Large business concerns are required to submit a subcontracting plan prior to award of the contract. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this project is 237110, Water and Sewer Line and Related Structures Construction, with a small business size standard of $45,000,000. In accordance with DFARS RFO 236.204(ii), the magnitude of construction for this project is between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000. The anticipated award of this contract is September 2026. An SBA Small Business Search (SBS) and a Sources Sought Notice was conducted and issued on 21 January 2026, seeking eligible Small Businesses, HUBZone Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Businesses, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses, and Women-Owned Small Businesses to determine the opportunity for a set-aside. The Government invited prospective offerors with the capabilities of performing construction services that meet or exceed the stated requirement to submit a capabilities statement. Respondents were required to submit relevant experience in performing efforts of similar size, scope, and complexity within the last seven (7) years. Based on the market research conducted for this procurement and in accordance with RFO 19.104-1, the Contracting Officer has determined that there is not a reasonable expectation that an adequate number of Small Business firms would respond to or be qualified to perform the requirements of this solicitation. Successful award and completion of the requirements can be achieved by soliciting the contract as "Unrestricted" for full and open competition. A DD2579 Small Business Coordination Record was approved by the NAVFAC MIDLANT Small Business Professional on 30 March 2026. On 02 April 2026, the Small Business Administration (SBA) Procurement Center Representative (PCR) concurred with this recommendation. The Request for Proposal (RFP) will be issued by NAVFAC Mid-Atlantic CON22 on or about 08 May 2026. The solicitation number will be N4008526R0045. All documents will be in Adobe PDF file format and downloadable from the PIEE and Sam.gov website. The official address to the solicitation is https://piee.eb.mil and https://www.sam.gov. Contractors are encouraged to register for the solicitation when downloading from the website. Only registered contractors will be notified by email when amendments to the solicitation are issued. A free Acrobat Reader, required to view the PDF files, can be downloaded from the Adobe website. IMPORTANT NOTICE: All prospective offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). You must have an active registration in SAM to do business with the federal government. For additional information, go to https://www.sam.gov. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed by email to Shayna Eichner at shayna.t.eichner.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shayna Eichner
  - Email: shayna.t.eichner.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573411046
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kristy Gerrek
  - Email: kristy.l.gerrek.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410089

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8998ae66bcb14de49c52d951f19f4212/view)