---
layout: default
title: RFI - Enhanced Flame Resistant Combat Ensemble (EFRCE) Manufacturability and Certification (USMC)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2315904f2de94594a74f98e8c553deab
---

# RFI - Enhanced Flame Resistant Combat Ensemble (EFRCE) Manufacturability and Certification (USMC)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 11:37:42.894-04
- Solicitation Number: RFI-EnhancedFlameResistantCombatEnsemble(EFRCE)ManufacturabilityandCertification(USMC)

## Summary

*RFI Extended. New closing date: 5:00 p.m. EST on April 23, 2026. SYNOPSIS: This Sources Sought Announcement will enable Marine Corps Systems Command (MCSC) to identify industry partners capable of manufacturing the U.S. Marine Corps’ (USMC) Enhanced Flame Resistant Combat Ensemble. At the end of this process, a contract will not be awarded. Vendors determined to be qualified will be issued a certification letter, enabling them to sell commercially to USMC units. The Government requests that responses be submitted electronically to Todd Towles, todd.towles@usmc.mil, and Johannes Schmidt, johannes.k.schmidt.ctr@usmc.mil, by 5:00 p.m. EST on April 23, 2026. Background: Following lessons learned during Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF) and Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF), the USMC issued a Universal Statement of Need (USON) to field a flame-resistant combat ensemble to mitigate Improvised Explosive Device (IED) flash-fire burns. That ensemble, known as Flame Resistant Organization Gear (FROG), includes the shirt and trouser configuration covered by this Sources Sought Announcement, the Enhanced Flame Resistant Combat Ensemble (EFRCE). Marine Corps Systems Command (MCSC), Program Manager Combat Support Systems (PM CSS), Product Manager Combat Support Equipment (PdM CSSE) seeks qualified industry partners that can meet vendor qualification and certification requirements to fulfill unit-level orders. Specifications: Garments shall be manufactured in accordance with Class 1, type I of MIL-PRF-EFRCE, Uniform, Enhanced Flame Resistant Combat Ensemble Blouse and Trouser, dated JAN 2016. Description: FROG was developed to provide the warfighter with flame resistance protection in field and combat operations, mitigating the risk of burn injuries. Together, this ensemble consists of: EFRCE Blouse: A pullover combat shirt with a half-zip front and mock turtleneck, using two fabrics (knit torso with woven sleeves and collar) along with two upper-sleeve bellows pockets with drainage, adjustable wrist tabs (three buttonholes), and external elbow reinforcement patches; a padded zipper placket improves comfort under body armor (Design: MIL-PRF-EFRCE §3.4.1.1; Fabric: knit torso §3.3.1.2 & Table II; woven sleeves/collar §3.3.1.1 & Table I). EFRCE Trousers: Concealed button fly; seven belt loops with side-waist elastic; two side-hanging pockets, two welt hip pockets; two pleated cargo pockets (one elasticized with flap and drainage) and two calf pockets with two-button flaps; seat and knee reinforcements (Design: MIL-PRF-EFRCE §3.4.1.2; Fabric: woven cloth §3.3.1.1 & Table I). Deliverables: Company information: Provide company name, address, and point of contact information. End item samples: Vendors shall provide one (1) blouse and one (1) trouser manufactured in accordance with Class 1, type 1 of MIL-PRF-EFRCE. If any materials or component substitution needs to be made to meet the requested deadline, provide list of substitutions. Material samples: Vendors shall provide two (2) yard samples, at no cost to the Government, for each proposed material. Each sample shall include a material description identifying fiber content, construction, weight, and any relevant performance attributes. If multiple materials are submitted, vendors shall clearly describe the distinct benefits of each submission. The Government may request additional yardage within 60 days of initial review for further testing. (Requirements for Class 1, Type I: woven cloth for sleeves, collar, body, and trousers per §3.3.1.1 & Table I, and §3.3.7.1 & Table III; knit torso material per §3.3.1.2 & Table II, and §3.3.7.4 & Table V). Physical performance data: Provide corresponding physical test data. (Requirements for Class 1, Type I: woven material performance per §3.3.1.1 & Table I, and §3.3.7.1 & Table III; knit material performance per §3.3.1.2 & Table II, and §3.3.7.4 & Table V; verification test methods per §4.4.5 & Table XII.) Pricing: Provide estimated price per yard (full width identified) for each fabric submitted as well as garment pricing for the complete end item (include separate pricing for blouse and trouser). Identify expected price to produce and deliver the item on a large scale. Volume scale should consider production starting at 5,000 units/year followed by increments of 5,000 up to 40,000 units/year. The total unit cost should be broken down into material and labor costs. Berry Amendment compliance: Provide verification that all fibers, components, and materials are Berry Amendment compliant. Government Furnished Property (Equipment/Materials/Information/Computer Utilization): N/A Interested parties are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Announcement (SSA). Please note: This SSA is issued solely for market research and planning. It is not a solicitation, does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), and is not a promise to issue an RFP. No contract will be awarded from this SSA. This notice is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. Unsolicited proposals will not be accepted. Funding is not currently available. Participation is strictly voluntary. The Government will not reimburse any costs incurred by responding. All submissions become Government property upon receipt. Only certified vendors will be authorized to sell the EFRCE to Marine Corps units. Non-response to this SSA does not preclude participation in any future solicitation, if issued, or future requests for certification. Should a solicitation be released, it will be posted on SAM.gov; interested parties are responsible for monitoring that site for updates. RESPONSES: Interested parties may identify their interest and capability by sending documentation regarding this requirement via e-mail ONLY to Todd Towles, todd.towles@usmc.mil and Johannes Schmidt, johannes.k.schmidt.ctr@usmc.mil no later than 5:00 p.m. EST on April 23, 2026. Labeled material samples (see deliverable #2) may be shipped to: Marine Corps Systems Command Program Manager, Combat Support Systems Attn: Johannes Schmidt 2200 Lester Street Quantico, VA 22134 The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Notice. All costs associated with responding to this Notice will be solely at the expense of the interested party. Please provide business size (indicate your socioeconomic status), applicable NAICS code, and CAGE code. If you hold a GSA Federal Supply Schedule contract, please identify your contract number. QUESTIONS: Any questions for clarification may be emailed Todd Towles, todd.towles@usmc.mil, and Johannes Schmidt, johannes.k.schmidt.ctr@usmc.mil, no later than 5:00 p.m. EST on April 18, 2026. Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. Questions shall NOT contain proprietary or classified information. An unattributed list of questions and answers will be published at the same web location of this Sources Sought Announcement. February 26, 2026 **Attachment 2: NOTICE ADDENDUM uploaded**

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Todd Towles
  - Email: todd.towles@usmc.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Johannes Schmidt
  - Email: johannes.k.schmidt.ctr@usmc.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: NOTICE ADDENDUM uploaded**

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2315904f2de94594a74f98e8c553deab/view)