---
layout: default
title: DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 96fbd598c0284a20889cceedb519f173
---

# DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 05:47:30.825-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QHC00

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT||TBD|SPRMM1|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||TBD|||||TBD| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|X|X|X|||X|||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| 1. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 2. Drawings or technical data are not available for this item. Delivery days_________aro. 4. Offer valid for _____ days. 5. When submitting quotes via EDI, make sure you specify any exceptions (i.e. Mil specs/standards, packaging, I&A, packaging houses etc) or follow up with a hardcopy of the exceptions. If nothing is indicated or received, award will be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award will have consideration costs deducted on modifications. 6. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must state who the OEM is (cage code) and the part number you are offering. 7. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. ____________________________________________________________ 8. It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by DLA Maritime Mechanicsburg and posted on EDA. To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUPWSS code 025, procurement systems design and contract support division Via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpdesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and POC with phone number and email address. 9. Contractors can view their orders, contracts and modifications at the Electronic Document Access (EDA) web tool. This web tool is located at the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA at https://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Quotation will require electronicsubmittal of Receiving Report and Invoices through PIEE-WAWF. 10. The following website is provided to suppliers to obtain the full text of thttp://www.dla.mil/HQ/Acquisition/Offers/eProcurement.aspxThe following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement:C02 Manufacturing Phase-Out or Discontinuation of Production, DiminishingC04 Unused Former Government Surplus Property (SEP 2021) C14 Correction of Nonconforming Packaging or Marking (MAY 2020) E05 Product Verification Testing (MAY 2020) E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) L06 Agency Protests (DEC 2016) L31 Additive Manufacturing (JUN 2018) \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO , part of the ;MX-11547/SPY-1D(V) DDG2317&2318, SIM,EXCTR-GENERATOR (AEGIS); . 1.1.1 Full Item Name for DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO Referenced in this contract/purchase order is ;RADIO FREQUENCY POWER DIVIDER/COMBINER; . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |160921|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;53711 6711589-2;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.3 Interchangeability - Interchangeability of parts, subassemblies, and assemblies shall conform to the following criteria: Design tolerances - Design tolerances shall permit parts, subassemblies and assemblies to be used in their parent assemblies without regard to the source of supply or manufacturer. Parts, subassemblies and assemblies having the full range of dimensions and characteristics permitted by the specification governing the part, subassembly or assembly shall be usable as replacement items without selection and without departure from the specified performance guidelines of the parent items. Parts and materials - When permission is granted to use a nonstandard part or material because the exiting standard part or material is not available, the equipment shall be so designed that the nonstandard part or material and the standard part or material are interchangeable. When the specification for the part or material contains substitutability or supersession information, the design shall permit the substitute or superceding parts or materials to be used interchangeably.

3.4 Configuration Control in accordance with MIL-STD-973 Short Form procedures - The requirements of MIL-STD-973 are hereby invoked in the contract/purchase order. The tailoring notes stated in the order cited in paragraph 6.2.1.3 are stated below: A. Considered, tailoring implemented B. Automated processing and submittal is not required. Interactive access to digital data is not required. C. Configuration audits are not required. D. Contractor's configuration management plan is not requried. E. Configuration terminology development documentation is required. F. Only paragraphs 5.3.3.2, 5.3.6.4, 5.3.6.7, 5.3.6.7.3 are required. G. FCD is not required. H. ACD and PCD is not required. I. Not Applicable (NA) to this contract/purchase order. J. NA to this contract/purchase order. K. NA to this contract/purchase order. L. Paragraph 5.3.6 with the exception of paragraph 5.3.6.5 and 5.3.6.7.1 are required. M. Paragraph 5.3.6.6 and 5.3.6.6.2 are required. N. Paragraph 5.3.6.6.1 is not required unless specifically cited elsewhere in Section "C" of this contract/purchase order. O. The marking requirement is stated elsewhere in Section "C" of this contract/purchase order. P. Interface requirements are as specified on the drawings provided with this contract/purchase order or the primary equipment performance MIL-SPEC or STD cited in Section "C" of this contract/purchase order. Q. NA to this contract/purchase order. R. All Class I changes to either a Government owned Configuration Identification (CI) or baseline configuration shall be submitted to the Procurement Contracting Officer for review and subsequent approval - conditional approval or disapproval. NDI, COTS, and PDI items previously accepted by the Government shall be submitted as above. This process does not excuse the contractor from initially offering to the Government an item which meets the minimum technical and operational requirements set forth in this contract/ purchase order. S. Preliminary Change Notices and Advance Change Study Notices are not required. T. NA to this contract/purchase order. U. and V. Class II Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) may be carried through provided the Government QAR reviews and concurs with the classification review which resulted in the ECP being classified as Class II. W. Paragraph 5.4.3 is required. X. Paragraph 5.4.4 is required. Y. NORS are not required for this contract/purchase order. Z. Short Form procedures are allowed. AA. Paragraph 5.5.2 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AB. Paragraph 5.5.7 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AC. Paragraph 5.5.8 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AD. Paragraph 5.6.2 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AE. Paragarph 5.6.3 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AF. Paragraph 5.4.2.2.3.2b is not required for this contract/purchase order. 3.4.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies.

4.4 Visual, Dimensional, Mechanical Examination - Each DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO shall be 100% inspected in accordance with ;THE MANUFACTURER'S ESTABLISHED TEST/INSPECTION PROCEDURES; .

4.5 Electrical Performance Test - Each DIVIDER,POWER,RADIO shall be 100% tested in accordance with ;THE MANUFACTURER'S ESTABLISHED TEST/INSPECTION PROCEDURES; .

4.6 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS.

6.2 Statement of Prior Approval Data - If the item(s) being offered meet the requirements specified in the contract/purchase order and is an exact duplicate of item(s) previously approved by the Government, furnish the NSN, name of prime manufacturer, drawing number, technical manual number, and previous contract number. Provide this information on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official.

6.3 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 6146930004
  - Email: KASSIDY.BEINLICH@DLA.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/96fbd598c0284a20889cceedb519f173/view)