---
layout: default
title: 6515--Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9b22aa8005b0476c8cff66cfbad21c38
---

# 6515--Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 15:03:15.492-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0290
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)/SOURCES SOUGHT Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) System THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This is not a solicitation for bids, proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. The purpose of this RFI/Sources Sought Notice is for market research purposes only, to obtain information in regards to the availability of specified products, services, or a combination of both products and services, and to identify potential sources capable of providing products or performing services in accordance with the requirements below. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. DISCLAIMER: This RFI/Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI/Sources Sought Notice that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. If a solicitation is issued it shall be published at a later date and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the response to this RFI/Sources sought notice. Responses to this sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. Submission of price, delivery, capabilities, and other market information are authorized. However, responses to these notices are notÂ offersÂ and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract IAW FAR 15.201(e). The purpose of this sources sought/RFI is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS DESCRIPTION: The Department of Veteran Affairs, Network Contracting Office 15 (NCO 15) is seeking sources that can provide a TMS system in accordance with (IAW) the below requirement and North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 334510 (size standard of 1,250 Employees). The Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) system is a non-invasive method used to stimulate nerve cells in the brain, significantly beneficial for patients who have not responded to traditional treatments for MDD, anxious depression, and OCD. The primary objective is to acquire and implement a TMS system that: Offers a comprehensive solution for treating MDD, anxious depression, and OCD. Provides high-precision and repeatable treatments. Enhances patient comfort and treatment efficiency. Includes FDA-approved features ensuring the highest standards of treatment and safety. The TMS system must meet the following: One coil for all treatments: MDD, Anxiety depression, OCD. support back-to-back sessions with minimal downtime and consistent dosing (no pulse decay). FDA-approved stereotactic infrared tracking camera assist with motor threshold (MT) mapping and ensure correct dosing with the lowest MT levels possible for patient comfort. Portable and motorized treatment chair with neck cradle, capable of tilt and position control 24-month warranty on all components of the TMS system. Delivery of relevant software and documentation. Installation of the TMS system in the designated treatment area. Calibration and initial setup of the TMS system for operational readiness. Comprehensive training for end-users on the operation and maintenance of the TMS system. Training materials and user manuals provided. Support services including maintenance and troubleshooting during the warranty period. Additional extended warranty agreement available after initial manufacturer warranty expires. VENDOR RESPONSES If you are interested and are capable of providing the sought-out supplies/services, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below. 1. Company Name: 2. Company Address: 3. SAM UEI: 4. Company POC: 5. Phone Number: 6. EMAIL: 7. Is your company considered a small business IAW the NAICS identified in this RFI/Sources Sought Notice? If so, please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? 8. If your company is considered a large business, does your company have any authorized small business distributors/suppliers, service providers, and/or does your company sub-contract to small business concerns? If so, please provide the company name, company POC, and small business status (if available): 9. Is your company an authorized distributor/supplier and/or service provider (or equivalent) of the products and/or services identified in this sources sought? If so provide authorization letters and/or agreements from manufacturer. 10. Does your company alter, modify, or change the products identified in this sources sought? If so, please identify how the products are altered, modified, or changed. 11. Provide the country where the products are manufactured. 12. Does your company currently hold a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) contract with GSA, the VA National Acquisition Center (NAC), NASA SEWP, VA Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC), or have any other federal contract that can be utilized to procure the products and/or services identified in this sources sought? 13. Please submit a capabilities statement that provides clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that your company can meet the requirements outlined in this sources sought Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Tracie Raggs at tracie.raggs@va.gov. Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Monday, April 06, 2026, at 0800 CST.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tracie Raggs
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: tracie.raggs@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1985

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9b22aa8005b0476c8cff66cfbad21c38/view)