---
layout: default
title: 6640--JMI Activation Pathology Lab Special Stainer Cost Per Kit
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: bc1e356a3e9b4e458bb83ff4f91380b8
---

# 6640--JMI Activation Pathology Lab Special Stainer Cost Per Kit

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 11:33:09.456-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0305
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0305 Pathology Lab Special Stainer Cost Per Kit (CPK) Equipment Rental This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 10:00am CST April 20th, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. * Quotes are to be provided to kadarius.griffin@va.gov no later than 16:00 (4PM) CST, April 27th, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0305. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 effective March 13, 2026. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 532490 Laboratory Equipment & Supplies with a business size standard of $40 Million. This solicitation is unrestricted. List of Line Items. Line Items Description Total Five-Year Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 0001 Base Ordering Period TRICHROME BLUE. Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 100 5-YR 0002 Base Ordering Period PAP STAIN Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 800 5-YR 0003 Base Ordering Period AFB STAIN Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 100 5-YR 0004 Base Ordering Period ALCIAN BLUE Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 100 5-YR 0005 Base Ordering Period CONGO RED Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 500 5-YR 0006 Base Ordering Period ELASTIC Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 750 5-YR 0007 Base Ordering Period GIEMSA Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 100 5-YR 0008 Base Ordering Period GMS Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 500 5-YR 0009 Base Year Ordering Period GRAM Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 100 5-YR 0010 Base Year Ordering Period IRON Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 750 5-YR 0011 Base Year Ordering Period MUCICARMINE Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 250 5-YR 0012 Base Year Ordering Period PAS Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 100 5-YR 0013 Base Year Ordering Period RETICULUM II Muskogee VAMC Period of Performance: 06/01/2026-05/30/2031 750 5-YR Total Price Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: The requirement is for Anatomical pathological services, please reference attached Statement of Work (SOW). Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at James Mountain Inhofe VA Medical Center 440 South Houston Avenue Tulsa OK, 74127 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Past Performance. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the Statement of Work (SOW) and solicitation. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. The offeror shall price all line items. Volume III Past Performance Offeror must provide up to two recent and relevant past performance references attesting to contract performance (including contract numbers, amount of contract award, point of contact with email address, telephone numbers and other relevant information, and a description of product/work performed under the contract and how well they performed).Â Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. Past performance must include a description of the following: 1.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of offeror being reviewed 2.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of company completing review. 3.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Description of services performed 4.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance dates 5.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Total contract value 6.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Addresses 7.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Contract numbers 8.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance Rating Offeror shall provide completed Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQ) from prior contracts and it shall be signed by point of contact that oversaw performance or equal representative. See attachment S02 Past Performance Questionnaire. Submissions of the PPQ can be sent directly to the Government POC, jason.thomas@va.govÂ from the offeror as part of proposal submission or directly from third party by the proposal deadline. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Factor III. Past Performance Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1, shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor III Past Performance: The Offeror shall be evaluated on relevant/recent performance of past contracts and how well the offerors identified performance relates to the work being procured under the Performance Work Statement for this procurement. The following will be used to assess past performance. Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. The second aspect of the past performance evaluation is to determine how well the contractor performed on the contracts. The past performance evaluation performed in support of this evaluation does not establish, create, or change the existing record and history of the offeror's past performance on past contracts; rather, the past performance evaluation process gathers information from customers on how well the offeror performed those past contracts. The Evaluation Team will review this past performance information and determine the quality and usefulness as it applies to a performance confidence evaluation. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use other methods to evaluate past performance, including but not limited to review of CPARS. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations X 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns. X 52.222-3 Convict Labor X 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies. X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. X 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements. X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services X 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I X 52.225-1 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements. X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. X 52.233-3 Protest After Award X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions X 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 60 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel VAAR 852.204-71 Information and Information Systems Security VAAR 852.208-70 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors - Orders or BPAs VAAR 852.208-71 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factor Commitments - Orders and BPAs VAAR 852.211-70 Equipment Operation and Maintenance Manuals VAAR 852.211-76 Liquidated Damages - Reimbursement for Data Breach Costs VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market and Counterfeit Items. VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods. VAAR 852.247-71 Delivery Location. VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.209-70 Organizational Conflicts of Interest RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration X 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate. X 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to kadarius.griffin@va.gov and NCO19Lab@va.gov by 16:00 (4PM) CST, April 27th, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Kadarius Griffin Kadarius.griffin@va.gov NCO19Lab@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: KaDarius Griffin
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Kadarius.Griffin@va.gov
  - Phone: 405-456-5851

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Past Performance Questionnaire. Submissions of the PPQ can be sent directly to the Government POC, jason.thomas@va.govÂ from the offeror as part of proposal submission or directly from third party by the proposal deadline. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Factor III. Past Performance Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1, shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor III Past Performance: The Offeror shall be evaluated on relevant/recent performance of past contracts and how well the offerors identified performance relates to the work being procured under the Performance Work Statement for this procurement. The following will be used to assess past performance. Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. The second aspect of the past performance evaluation is to determine how well the contractor performed on the contracts. The past performance evaluation performed in support of this evaluation does not establish, create, or change the existing record and history of the offeror"s past performance on past contracts; rather, the past performance evaluation process gathers information from customers on how well the offeror performed those past contracts. The Evaluation Team will review this past performance information and determine the quality and usefulness as it applies to a performance confidence evaluation. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use other methods to evaluate past performance, including but not limited to review of CPARS. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations X 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns. X 52.222-3 Convict Labor X 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies. X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. X 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements. X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services X 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I X 52.225-1 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements. X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. X 52.233-3 Protest After Award X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions X 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 60 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel VAAR 852.204-71 Information and Information Systems Security VAAR 852.208-70 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors - Orders or BPAs VAAR 852.208-71 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factor Commitments - Orders and BPAs VAAR 852.211-70 Equipment Operation and Maintenance Manuals VAAR 852.211-76 Liquidated Damages - Reimbursement for Data Breach Costs VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market and Counterfeit Items. VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods. VAAR 852.247-71 Delivery Location. VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.209-70 Organizational Conflicts of Interest RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration X 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate. X 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to kadarius.griffin@va.gov and NCO19Lab@va.gov by 16:00 (4PM) CST, April 27th, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Kadarius Griffin Kadarius.griffin@va.gov NCO19Lab@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bc1e356a3e9b4e458bb83ff4f91380b8/view)