---
layout: default
title: H345--Water Storage Tank Cleaning
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 938412ded64649b388acf4a63d5cc554
---

# H345--Water Storage Tank Cleaning

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 13:06:02.863-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0172
- Awardee: null

## Summary

AMENDMENT 0002 to Combined Synopsis # 36C248-26-Q-0172 Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 8 (NCO 8) 10,000 Bay Pines Blvd, Bay Pines, FL 33744 The purpose of Amendment 0002 is to: 1. Extend the RFQ closing date, and answer questions. Attachment A Answers to RFQ Questions 1. RFQ Closing Date Extension The RFQ closing date is hereby extended from: March 25, 2026 to the new closing date of: April 1, 2026 @ 12:30PM EST All quotations must be received by the new closing date and submitted in accordance with the original solicitation instructions. 2. Added Attachments The following documents are hereby incorporated into the solicitation and made part of Combined Synopsis/Solicitation # 36C248-26-Q-0172: Attachment A Answers to RFQ Questions Offerors shall review all attachments and ensure their quotations reflect the information included in these documents. 3. All Other Terms and Conditions Except as specifically stated herein, all other terms, conditions, and provisions of the original Combined Synopsis/Solicitation remain unchanged and in full force and effect. Attachment A Answers to RFQ Questions Please quantify the amount of sediment removal that s needed. How many inches of sediment should be assumed as a minimum for the base bid. This will allow proper estimation of solids cleaning, hauling and processing. Tank 1 has been empty and offline for about 24 months. It could be inspected. Tank 2 is full and has been online for about 24 months. It cannot be taken offline until tank 1 is fully clean, sanitized and inspected. Please indicate how lines are to be isolated in order to replace valves? The shut off valve for the tank is an underground valve that a VHA staff will open/close. Please clarify the exact location for electrical supply. We will require a continuous supply of electricity during the period of work: one 100-AMP, 110/220-volt service for the operation of our power tools and accessories, located not more than 100 feet from each tank/structure. Please clarify that all circuit breakers are ground-fault protected. It was not stated in the statement of work, but electrical power will not be provided. Vendors must supply their own power via generators. Please clarify the exact location of a water source on/near the filter basins within 100ft. We require 60gpm off low at 50 psi to complete our work for this project. There is a hose bib in the pump house building right next to the tanks. Standard size hose bib that has about 75 psi. If not sufficient for flow, there is a hydrant that can be connected to that is 280 feet from the center of the tanks. Previous or similar projects have required the prime contractor to self-perform a minimum of 50% of the work. Can you confirm if there are any requirements regarding the percentage of self-performed work by the prime contractor for this contract? The prime contractor must self-perform at least 50% of personnel costs. Work subcontracted to similarly situated small businesses counts towards this limit. Are there any pressure testing requirements for the pipe or valve following installation? Just that the connection points (flanges) do not leak under city water pressure. Are there any start-up or adjustment requirements for the new valves following installation? No, Bay Pines staff will take care of this. Is the entirety of tank walls and underneath the ceiling required with the tank floor or just 8' up the walls from the floor bottom and the tank floor?Â All surfaces of the tank need to be cleaned and sanitized.Â Including roof. Is the tank floor for both tanks flat, concave or convex?Â Â See Drawings. What is the size (diameter) for the manways on the top of each tank?Â See Drawings. Will the VA provide a water source onsite in close proximity to the 2 tanks?Â There is a water spigot in the pump house right next to tanks.Â If not enough supply / volume there is a hydrant about 250 feet from the tanks. What is the estimated time frame for the VA to empty the 2ndÂ tank once the first tank was cleaned?Â Within 48 hours. Can equipment be staged onsite during the duration of the project?Â Yes. Will the VA have bathroom accommodation that can be used during the project or are portlets required.Â Portlets will be required. Would the VA consider using commercial divers to clean and inspect these tanks without dewatering in accordance with AWWA M42 (page 129)? No. Will there be another site visit? No.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Karina A. Miranda
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Karina.miranda@va.gov
  - Phone: 561-517-1533

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Answers to RFQ Questions 1. RFQ Closing Date Extension The RFQ closing date is hereby extended from: March 25, 2026 to the new closing date of: April 1, 2026 @ 12:30PM EST All quotations must be received by the new closing date and submitted in accordance with the original solicitation instructions. 2. Added Attachments The following documents are hereby incorporated into the solicitation and made part of Combined Synopsis/Solicitation # 36C248-26-Q-0172: Attachment A Answers to RFQ Questions Offerors shall review all attachments and ensure their quotations reflect the information included in these documents. 3. All Other Terms and Conditions Except as specifically stated herein, all other terms, conditions, and provisions of the original Combined Synopsis/Solicitation remain unchanged and in full force and effect. Attachment A Answers to RFQ Questions Please quantify the amount of sediment removal that s needed. How many inches of sediment should be assumed as a minimum for the base bid. This will allow proper estimation of solids cleaning, hauling and processing. Tank 1 has been empty and offline for about 24 months. It could be inspected. Tank 2 is full and has been online for about 24 months. It cannot be taken offline until tank 1 is fully clean, sanitized and inspected. Please indicate how lines are to be isolated in order to replace valves? The shut off valve for the tank is an underground valve that a VHA staff will open/close. Please clarify the exact location for electrical supply. We will require a continuous supply of electricity during the period of work: one 100-AMP, 110/220-volt service for the operation of our power tools and accessories, located not more than 100 feet from each tank/structure. Please clarify that all circuit breakers are ground-fault protected. It was not stated in the statement of work, but electrical power will not be provided. Vendors must supply their own power via generators. Please clarify the exact location of a water source on/near the filter basins within 100ft. We require 60gpm off low at 50 psi to complete our work for this project. There is a hose bib in the pump house building right next to the tanks. Standard size hose bib that has about 75 psi. If not sufficient for flow, there is a hydrant that can be connected to that is 280 feet from the center of the tanks. Previous or similar projects have required the prime contractor to self-perform a minimum of 50% of the work. Can you confirm if there are any requirements regarding the percentage of self-performed work by the prime contractor for this contract? The prime contractor must self-perform at least 50% of personnel costs. Work subcontracted to similarly situated small businesses counts towards this limit. Are there any pressure testing requirements for the pipe or valve following installation? Just that the connection points (flanges) do not leak under city water pressure. Are there any start-up or adjustment requirements for the new valves following installation? No, Bay Pines staff will take care of this. Is the entirety of tank walls and underneath the ceiling required with the tank floor or just 8" up the walls from the floor bottom and the tank floor?Â All surfaces of the tank need to be cleaned and sanitized.Â Including roof. Is the tank floor for both tanks flat, concave or convex?Â Â See Drawings. What is the size (diameter) for the manways on the top of each tank?Â See Drawings. Will the VA provide a water source onsite in close proximity to the 2 tanks?Â There is a water spigot in the pump house right next to tanks.Â If not enough supply / volume there is a hydrant about 250 feet from the tanks. What is the estimated time frame for the VA to empty the 2ndÂ tank once the first tank was cleaned?Â Within 48 hours. Can equipment be staged onsite during the duration of the project?Â Yes. Will the VA have bathroom accommodation that can be used during the project or are portlets required.Â Portlets will be required. Would the VA consider using commercial divers to clean and inspect these tanks without dewatering in accordance with AWWA M42 (page 129)? No. Will there be another site visit? No

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/938412ded64649b388acf4a63d5cc554/view)