---
layout: default
title: ***MARKET SURVEY*** Construction of Collective Enlisted Barracks at Camp Parks RFTA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 74b2af82066444929f6beb435a7eaf1c
---

# ***MARKET SURVEY*** Construction of Collective Enlisted Barracks at Camp Parks RFTA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 11:03:51.745-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR26-PARKS-CEB

## Summary

A market survey is being conducted to determine if there are a reasonable number of interested small business concerns to set this future project aside for them. If your firm is a Small Business, certified HUBZone, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business and you are interested in this project please respond appropriately. Project Location: Camp Parks Reserve Forces Training Area, CA Project Description: Design Bid Build. The purpose of this project is to provide the Camp Parks Reserve Forces Training Area with a new Collective Training Barracks for Enlisted personnel. This project will provide a 46,000 SF, permanently constructed barracks building to house 300 Soldiers during annual unit training exercises, battle assemblies, major exercises, and pre-mobilization activities. The project will also include a 10,000 SF Fitness Center Annex. The exterior facade will keep to the Fort Hunter Liggett/Parks RFTA Master Plan Design Guide. Building designs will include information systems, fire protection and alarm systems, energy monitoring control systems connection, heating, ventilation, air conditioning, plumbing, and electrical systems. The barracks will consist of open-bay sleeping rooms, gang latrines, storage, team rooms, laundry, restrooms, and shower facilities. The fitness center annex will consist of an open-bay physical fitness area, administrative offices, restrooms, showers, lockers, and storage. Supporting infrastructure for both facilities will include site development, utilities and connections, lighting, paving, walks, curbs/gutters, and storm drainage. An eight-lane regulation outdoor running track will be provided near the barracks. Sustainability/Energy and Cybersecurity measures will be provided. All fixtures, furnishings, and equipment are included. Accessibility for the disabled will be provided. Antiterrorism force protection and physical security measures will be incorporated into the design including maximum standoff distances from roads, parking areas and vehicle unloading areas. Facilities will be designed to a minimum life span of 40 years in accordance with DoD Unified Facilities Criteria 1-200-02 including energy efficiencies, building envelope and integrated building systems performance. Air Conditioning (Estimated 462 kW/131 Tons). Contract duration is estimated at 558 calendar days. The estimated cost range is between $25M and $100M dollars. NAICS code is 236220. All interested Small Businesses, certified HUBZONE, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Businesses or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business contractors should respond to this survey via Market Survey Response Form by 10 April 2026 by 1400 Eastern Time. Responses should include: Identification and verification of the company’s small business status. Contractor’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI). Documentation from the firm’s bonding company showing current single and aggregate performance and payment bond limits. Description of Experience – Interested design firms must provide no more than three (3) example projects with a fully complete design and construction of the design being substantially complete (approximately 95 percent complete) within the past seven (7) years. Each project must include the name, title, project role, e-mail address, and telephone number of at least one reference. References may be used to verify project size, scope, dollar value, percentages, and quality of performance. Example projects must be of similar size and scope. Projects similar in Scope to this project include: New Construction of Military Barracks, Dormitories, Hotels and/or Apartment Buildings which consist of two or more stories. Structures using wood framing do not meet the requirements. Projects similar in size to this project include: Projects considered similar in size would be a minimum of 35,000 SF or greater. Based on definitions above, for each project submitted include: Current percentage of construction complete and the date when it was or will be completed. Scope of the project. Size of the project. The dollar values of the design and construction contracts and whether it was design-bid build or design-build. The aspects of the design that were self-performed and the total percentage of work self-performed as the Designer of Record. For each project, identify those design elements for which subcontractors were utilized. Small Businesses are reminded under Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) Clause 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (01 Feb 2026); they must perform at least 15% of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with the firm’s own employees for general construction-type procurement. Include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project, and how it will be accomplished. NOTE: Total submittal package shall be no longer than 8 pages. Please only include a narrative of the requested information; additional information will not be reviewed. Submission Requirement: The only authorized transmission method of responses is via filling out the survey form. No other transmission method will be accepted. Please limit your capability statement to the space provided within the form. The Market Survey Form can be accessed at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/6AfWCSThcp or via the QR Code provided below. This is NOT a Request for Proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Responses to this sources sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately for responses to this market survey. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity's registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes of the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.sam.gov).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan King
  - Email: ryan.m.king2@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: consist of an open-bay physical fitness area, administrative offices, restrooms, showers, lockers, and storage. Supporting infrastructure for both facilities will include site development, utilities and connections, lighting, paving, walks, curbs/gutters, and storm drainage. An eight-lane regulation outdoor running track will be provided near the barracks. Sustainability/Energy and Cybersecurity measures will be provided. All fixtures, furnishings, and equipment are included. Accessibility for the disabled will be provided. Antiterrorism force protection and physical security measures will be incorporated into the design including maximum standoff distances from roads, parking areas and vehicle unloading areas. Facilities will be designed to a minimum life span of 40 years in accordance with DoD Unified Facilities Criteria 1-200-02 including energy efficiencies, building envelope and integrated building systems performance. Air Conditioning (Estimated 462 kW/131 Tons). Contract duration is estimated at 558 calendar days. The estimated cost range is between $25M and $100M dollars. NAICS code is 236220. All interested Small Businesses, certified HUBZONE, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Businesses or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business contractors should respond to this survey via Market Survey Response Form by 10 April 2026 by 1400 Eastern Time. Responses should include: Identification and verification of the company’s small business status. Contractor’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI). Documentation from the firm’s bonding company showing current single and aggregate performance and payment bond limits. Description of Experience – Interested design firms must provide no more than three (3) example projects with a fully complete design and construction of the design being substantially complete (approximately 95 percent complete) within the past seven (7) years. Each project must include the name, title, project role, e-mail address, and telephone number of at least one reference. References may be used to verify project size, scope, dollar value, percentages, and quality of performance. Example projects must be of similar size and scope. Projects similar in Scope to this project include: New Construction of Military Barracks, Dormitories, Hotels and/or Apartment Buildings which consist of two or more stories. Structures using wood framing do not meet the requirements. Projects similar in size to this project include: Projects considered similar in size would be a minimum of 35,000 SF or greater. Based on definitions above, for each project submitted include: Current percentage of construction complete and the date when it was or will be completed. Scope of the project. Size of the project. The dollar values of the design and construction contracts and whether it was design-bid build or design-build. The aspects of the design that were self-performed and the total percentage of work self-performed as the Designer of Record. For each project, identify those design elements for which subcontractors were utilized. Small Businesses are reminded under Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) Clause 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (01 Feb 2026); they must perform at least 15% of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with the firm’s own employees for general construction-type procurement. Include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project, and how it will be accomplished. NOTE: Total submittal package shall be no longer than 8 pages. Please only include a narrative of the requested information; additional information will not be reviewed. Submission Requirement: The only authorized transmission method of responses is via filling out the survey form. No other transmission method will be accepted. Please limit your capability statement to the space provided within the form. The Market Survey Form can be accessed at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/6AfWCSThcp or via the QR Code provided below. This is NOT a Request for Proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Responses to this sources sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately for responses to this market survey. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity"s registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes of the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.sam.gov)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/74b2af82066444929f6beb435a7eaf1c/view)