---
layout: default
title: 59--WIRING BD ASSY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: c1c161f4cd6342d294ae08e4fcaa7197
---

# 59--WIRING BD ASSY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-30 05:24:34.531-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425QBJ06

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|b| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice & receiving reports (combo)|N/A|TO BE DETERMINED (TBD)|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|||||| FEDERAL ACQUISITION SUPPLY CHAIN SECURITY ACT ORDERS-PROHIBITION (DEC 2023)|12||||||||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS (FEB 2024)|4|||X|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|334412|750|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| THE QUANTITY HAS BEEN INCREASED TO 5 EACH. THE UPDATED DUE DATE IS 15 APRIL 2026. THIS PROCUREMENT IS FOR P/N: DC-013953-01. PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR QUOTE BY THE DATE IDENTIFIED ON PAGE 1. A MATERIAL IRPOD IS AVAILABLE AT THE BPMI SITE. VENDOR REVIEW OF THE IRPOD IS MANDATORY. UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED, PRICING FOR THIS QUOTATION IS VALID FOR 60 DAYS AFTER THE CLOSING DATE AS INDICATED ON THE QUOTATION. PLEASE SPECIFY (IF OTHER THAN 60 DAYS) ______________ DAYS. IF YOU ARE SUBMITTING YOUR QUOTE VIA EMAIL OR NECO, PLEASE SPECIFY THE NUMBER OF DAYS PRICING IS VALID. ALL CONTRACTUAL DOCUMENTS (I.E. CONTRACTS, PURCHASE ORDERS, TASK ORDERS, DELIVERY ORDERS AND MODIFICATIONS) RELATED TO THE INSTANT PROCUREMENT ARE CONSIDERED TO BE 'ISSUED' BY THE GOVERNMENT WHEN COPIES ARE EITHER DEPOSITED IN THE MAIL, TRANSMITTED BY FACSIMILE, OR SENT BY OTHER ELECTRONIC COMMERCE METHODS, SUCH AS EMAIL. THE GOVERNMENT'S ACCEPTANCE OF THE CONTRACTOR'S PROPOSAL CONSTITUTES BILATERAL AGREEMENT TO 'ISSUE' CONTRACTUAL DOCUMENTS AS DETAILED HEREIN. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 In the event of a conflict between section "C" and section "D" of the contract/purchase order, Section "C" will take precedence. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents; TECHNICAL DOCUMENTS ASSOCIATED TO THIS SOLICITATION OR AWARD SUCH AS; IRPOD, DRAWINGS,TECHNICAL DATA, STRs, AS WELL AS CERTAIN MILITARY SPECIFICATIONS, AND COMMERCIAL ITEM DESCRIPTIONS (CID) ETC. MAY BE OBTAINED AT (HTTPS://LOGISTICS.UNNPP.GOV/ECOMMERCE) THESE DOCUMENTS, AT THE REQUIRED REVISION LEVELS THAT ARE ASSOCIATED TO EITHER THIS SOLICITATION OR AWARD, BECOME A PART OF THIS SOLICITATION OR AWARD UNLESS CHANGED BY AN ADMENDMENT TO THE SOLICITATION OR MODIFICATION TO THE AWARD. THIS WEBSITE REQUIRES A PASSWORD AND PRE-REGISTRATION. TO OBTAIN INSTRUCTION ON HOW TO REGISTER AND OBTAIN A PASSWORD CONTACT THE BPMI WEBSITE ADMINISTRATOR. 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 NAVSUP WSS-MECH CODE N94 ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION ORDER OF PRECEDENCE AND EFFECTIVE ISSUES OF CITED DOCUMENTATION DATED: JULY 2004 A. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE FOR DOCUMENT CONFLICT RESOLUTION: THE TECHNICAL AND QUALITY REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO MANUFACTURE OF THE MATERIAL BEING PURCHASED UNDER THIS ORDER ARE CONTAINED OR INVOKED IN ONE OR MORE OF THE DOCUMENTS LISTED BELOW. IN THE EVENT OF ANY INCONSISTENCIES BETWEEN ANY PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDER, THE ORDER OR PRECEDENCE SHALL BE AS FOLLOWS: 1. AMENDMENTS TO THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT 2. SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES OF THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT. 3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT. 4. INDIVIDUAL REPAIR PART ORDERING DATA (IRPOD); OR MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION, AS APPLICABLE. 5. ANY INVOKED STANDARD TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS (STRS). 6. DRAWINGS REFERENCED IN THE IRPOD, OR MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION , AS APPLICABLE. 7. SPECIFICATIONS REFERENCED IN THE IRPOD, MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATIONS OR DRAWING(S), AS APPLICABLE. B. EFFECTIVE ISSUES OF CITED DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS, STANDARDS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS: 1. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL COMPLY WITH THE SPECIFIED REVISIONS OF THE DOCUMENTS (I.E. DRAWINGS,SPECIFICATIONS,STANDARDS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS) CITED IN THE IRPOD AND/OR PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION CONTAINED HEREIN. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL OBTAIN WRITTEN APPROVAL FOR THE CONTRACTING OFFICER TO USE DOCUMENT REVISIONS OTHER THAN THOSE SPECIFIED. WHEN A LATER DRAWING REVISION IS SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL, TWO FULL SIZE CLEAR LEGIBLE PRINTS SHALL BE PROVIDED. 2. WHERE DOCUMENTS ARE REFERRED TO ONLY BY THE BASIC IDENTIFICATION NAME OR NUMBER AND NO SPECIFIC REVISION THERETO, THE CONTRACTOR USE OF ANY ISSUE OF THE DOCUMENT EXCEPT ALL SUCH REVISIONS SHALL BE DATED 1 NOVEMBER 1969 OR LATER. C. USE OF DOCUMENT REVISIONS IN THEIR ENTIRETY: 1. CONTRACTORS SHALL USE REVISIONS TO EACH CITED OR REFERENCED DOCUMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY UNLESS THE CONTRACTOR OBTAINS CONTRACTING OFFICER APPROVAL TO DO OTHERWISE (i.e. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL NOT USE PORTIONS OF DIFFERENT REVISIONS OF A DOCUMENT). D. VENDOR WAIVER/DEVIATIONS ON CRITICAL CONTRACTS. 1. COMPLIANCE WITH THE DELIVERY DATE AND TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS OF NAVSUP WSS CRITICAL REPAIR PART MATERIAL CONTRACTS IS EXPECTED. 2. AS THE CAUTIONARY NOTE CONTAINED IN THE CONTRACT STATES, SELLER INTENDED USE OF ANY MATERIAL WHICH IS NOT IN FULL COMPLIANCE WITH THE SPECIFIED CONTRACT TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS, SHOULD BE IDENTIFIED AS AN EXCEPTION IN ADVANCE EITHER AT THE TIME THE QUOTATION IS SUBMITTED OR PRIOR TO MANUFACTURE. 3. REQUESTS FOR DELIVERY DATE EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHOULD BE ACCOMPANIED BY AN EXPLANATION OF THE CAUSE FOR THE DELAY, OR THE REASON FOR THE REQUESTED NON-CONFORMANCE WITH AN OFFER OF CONSIDERATION IN THE EVENT THE CONTRACTING OFFICER CONCURS WITH YOUR REQUEST. 4. REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHOULD PROVIDE JUSTIFICATION FOR THE REQUESTED CHANGE INCLUDING AN EVALUATION WHICH DEMONSTRATES THAT PROPOSED NON-CONFORMANCE WILL NOT AFFECT THE QUALITY, FORM, FIT, OR FUNCTION OF THE PART. WHERE A PROPOSED ALTERNATE OR REPLACEMENT ITEM IS OFFERED, SUPPORTING TECHNICAL DATA (CATALOG PAGE, DRAWING (S), ETC.) THAT FULLY DESCRIBE THE PROPOSED ITEM SHALL BE PROVIDED FOR TECHNICAL EVALUATION. 5. REQUESTS WHICH DO NOT CONTAIN THE ABOVE INFORMATION WILL BE RETURNED AND WILL NOT BE SUBMITTED TO TECHNICAL/ENGINEERING REVIEW UNTIL SUFFICIENT JUSTIFICATION IS PROVIDED. 6. REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHALL BE PRESENTED TO THE GOVERNMENT QUALITY ASSURANCE REPRESENTATIVE (QAR) FOR COMMENT. THE QAR SHALL FORWARD THE REQUEST, WITH THEIR COMMENTS, DIRECTLY TO THE POST AWARD PCO IDENTIFIED IN THE CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER WITHIN FIVE WORKING DAYS AFTER RECEIPT. E. EXCLUSION OF MERCURY 1. MERCURY OR MERCURY CONTAINING COMPOUNDS SHALL NOT BE INTENTIONALLY ADDED TO OR COME IN DIRECT CONTACT WITH HARDWARE OR SUPPLIES UNDER THIS CONTRACT. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 The Quality Assurance requirements are located in the INDIVIDUAL REPAIR PART ORDERING DATA (IRPOD). The contractor shall provide and maintain an inspection system acceptable to the Government covering the supplies herein. Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of this contract and for such longer periods as may be specified elsewhere in the contract. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 WHEN THE CLEANLINESS CONTROL REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS ARE INVOKED: MIL-STD-767, MIL-STD-2041, REFUELING CLEAN, OR REACTOR PLANT CLEAN, THE FOLLOWING CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR MIL-PRF-23199 PACKAGING OF REPAIR PARTS APPLIES. (1). THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY CLARIFIES THE PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS OF MIL-PRF-23199 PERTAINING TO THE USE OF MIL-DTL-24466 GREEN POLY BAGS. THE SUPPLIER REMAINS RESPONSIBLE FOR MEETING ALL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS. SUPPLIERS WHO ARE UNSURE OF THE PACKAGING, PACKING, AND MARKING. REQUIREMENTS FOR A PARTICULAR PART SHOULD REQUEST CLARIFICATION BY CONTACTING THE NAVSUP-WSS CONTRACTING POC. (A). PARAGRAPH 3.4.2 OF MIL-PRF-23199 DISCUSSES LEVEL B PACKAGING AND REFERS TO PARAGRAPH 3.3.1 FOR THE METHOD OF PACKAGING. PARAGRAPH 3.3.1 PROVIDES SEVERAL METHODS OF PACKAGING. PACKAGING IN HEAT SEALED ENVELOPES IS COVERED IN PARAGRAPH 3.3.1.1 WHICH STATES, "COMPONENTS WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CLEANLINESS CONTROLS (SEE 6.2) OR AS SPECIFIED (SEE 6.1) SHALL BE PACKAGED IN HEAT SEALED ENVELOPES (SEE 3.2.2.5 AND 3.2.2.5.1)". (2). THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS MUST BE SATISFIED IN ORDER FOR MIL-DTL-24466 BAGS TO APPLY: (A). PARAGRAPH

6.2 OF MIL-PRF-23199 DEFINES CLEANLINESS CONTROLS AS ANY REFERENCE TO (OR APPLICATION OF) THE CLEANLINESS CONTROL REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS: MIL-STD-767, MIL-STD-2041, REFUELING CLEAN, REACTOR PLANT CLEAN, OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS IDENTIFIED WITHIN THE IRPOD. THE REPAIR PART MUST HAVE CLEANING REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OF THE AFORMENTIONED METHODS. (B). PARAGRAPH

6.1 CONTAINS ORDERING DATA OPTIONS. PARAGRAPH 6.1(k)2. PROVIDES AN OPTION TO SPECIFY THE METHOD OF PACKAGING TO BE USED WHEN PACKAGING IS OTHER THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPH 3.3.1.1 ONLY. IF A CONTRACT SPECIFIES ANY ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR THE USE OF GREEN POLY BAGS, THEN THEY ARE REQUIRED AND TAKE PRECEDENCE. (4). THE USE OF FIRE RETARDANT PACKAGING MATERIAL IS NO LONGER REQUIRED IN ANY NAVSUP-WSS N94 CONTRACT. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Information regarding abbreviations, symbols and codes appearing on DD Form 1423 - The following information is provided to assist in understanding the intent of the requirement to provide a deliverable item to the government. The explanation of abbreviation, symbols and codes found in a block follows the block number as they appear on the DD Form 1423. Block A: Is the actual contract line item no. Block B: Is the actual collective physical list of the deliverable item(s) which are part of the total requirement of the contract/purchase order. Block C: Is the category of data required, TDP is defined in MIL-T-31000. TM is defined in Part 1X, Section B of DODI 5000.2. NAVSUP-WSS has reasoned that most DD Form 1423's included in our solicitations meet the requirement of TDP as NAVSUP-WSS does not regularly purchase only Technical Manuals without purchasing hardware and related TDP software. Therefore, most NAVSUP-WSS DD Form 1423 category code will be TDP. Block D: Is the name of the parent system, next higher assembly, or the item being purchased. Block E: Is the purchase request number, request for proposal number, invitation for bid number or another number for tracking and monitoring purposes. Block F: Is the successful offerors name and or cage code. Block G: Is the name of the individual and or the code/activity of the individual who prepared the DD Form 1423 and included the requirement in the Technical Data Package (TDP). Block H: Self explanatory. Block I: Is the name and signature of the individual who approved the content and the need for inclusion of the DD Form 1423 in the TDP. Block J: Self explanatory. Block 1: Is the Exhibit Line Item Number (ELIN). Block 2: Is the title of the data item cited in Block 4. Block 3: Is the subtitle of the data item cited in Block 4 and is used if the title requires clarification. Block 4: Is the actual Data Item Description (DID) number or the actual Technical Manual Contract Requirements Number. In the event the DD Form 1423 is requiring a technical manual the numbered TMCR will be an attachment to the contract/purchase order. Block 5: Is the section and paragraph area, where the requirement statement for the DD Form 1423 will be found. Block 6: Is the activity that will inform the contractor of approval, conditional approval or disapproval of the deliverable item. Block 7: Is a code which designates authority for inspection and acceptance of the deliverable item. The definition of the codes is as follows: DD Form 250 Code Inspection Acceptance SS (1) (2) DD (3) (4) SD (1) (4) DS (3) (5) LT (6) (7) NO (8) (8) XX (9) (9) (1) Inspection at source. (2) Acceptance at source. (3) No inspection performed at source. Final inspection performance at destination. (4) Acceptance at destination. (5) Acceptance at source. Acceptance based on written approval from the Contract Officer. (6) Letter of transmittal only. LT should not be used when inspection is required. The data is sent by the contractor directly to the personnel listed in Block 14 of the DD Form 1423. LT is used when the contracting agency does not desire to have a DD Form 250 for each and every piece of data developed by the contractor. The only other authorized use of LT is the special case where the contracting agency does not desire to have separate DD Forms 250 but desires to have a Government quality assurance representative perform inspection. The Government quality assurance representative shall be listed on the distribution in Block 14 and requested to provide comments via the quality assurance letter of inspection. Use of the symbol LT is not authorized for data comprising final delivery of Technical Data Package of for Technical Manuals. (LT may, however, be used for delivery of preliminary TDP's or TM's). (7) As specified in Block 8 of the DD Form 1423. (8) No inspection or acceptance required. No DD Form 250 or letter of transmittal required. Use of the symbol NO is not authorized for data comprising Technical Data Packages or for Technical Manuals. (9) Inspection and acceptance requirements specified elsewhere in the contract. Block 8: Is the approval code - Items of critical data requiring specific advanced written approval prior to distribution of the final data item will be identified by placing an "A" in this field. This data item requires submission of a preliminary draft prior to publication of a final document. When a preliminary draft is required, Block 16 of the DD Form 1423 will show length of time required for Government approval/disapproval and subsequent turn-around time for the contractor to resubmit the data after Government approval/disapproval has been issued. Block 16 will also indicate the extent of the approval requirements, e.g., approval of technical content and/or format. Block 9: Is the distribution statement code which explains how the Government can circulate the deliverable item. The definition of codes A, B, C, D, E, or F is as follows: A. Distribution of the item is unrestricted. B. Distribution of the item is limited to agencies only. C. Distribution of the item is limited to contractors with a cage code and have a DD Form 2345 on file with the DLA Logistics Information Services (DLIS) Battle Creek, Mich. or Government activities. D. Distribution of the item is limited to DOD activities and DOD contractors only. E. Distribution of the item is limited to DOD components only. F. Distribution of the item is restricted from Foreign Nations and Foreign Nationals. Block 10: Is the frequency which the deliverable item is expected to be delivered to the Government. The abbreviations and their meaning. ANNLY Annually ASGEN As generated ASREQ As required BI-MO Every two months BI-WE Every two weeks DAILY Daily DFDEL Deferred Delivery MTHLY Monthly ONE/R One time with revisions QRTLY Quarterly SEMIA Every six months WEKLY Weekly XTIME Number of times to be submitted (1time, 2times...9times) Use of these codes requires further explanation in Block 16 to provide the contractor with guidance necessary to accurately price the deliverable data item. Other abbreviations not appearing on the above list may on occasion be used in Block 10 of the DD Form 1423. When other abbreviations are used they will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 11: Is the last calendar date, expressed in year/month/day format, the deliverable item is to be received by the requiring office cited in Block 6 of the DD Form 1423 for an item with a Block 10 entry indication a single delivery. If the item is to be submitted multiple times, the number stated is the number of calendar days after the frequency cited in Block 10 the item is to be received by the requiring office cited in Block 6 of the DD Form 1423. On occasion the deliverable item will be required to be submitted prior to the end of the frequency cited in Block 6. In that event the requirement will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 12: Is the date of first submission of the deliverable item to the requiring office (Block 4) expressed in year/month/day format. The abbreviations and their meaning are as follows: ASGEN As generated ASREQ As required DAC Days after contract date DFDEL Deferred Delivery EOC End of contract EOM End of month EOQ End of quarter Specific instructions for these requirements will be provided in Block 16. If the deliverable item is constrained by a specific event or milestone the constraint will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. "As generated", "As required", and "Deferred Delivery" will always be fully explained in Block 16. Block 13: Is the date of subsequent submission of the deliverable item, after the initial submission. Subsequent submission is only used to indicate the specific time period. The data is required when Block 10 of the DD Form 1423 indicates multiple delivery is required. This does not apply to resubmission of a deliverable item that has been reviewed by the requiring office and determined to be only conditionally acceptable or unacceptable. Block 14a: Will contain the activity name(s) where the deliverable item is to be sent. If the activity is other than DCMA or NAVSUP-WSS the full name, address (including code) will be specified. That specific information will be located in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 14b: Is the number of copies of draft and or final copies to be submitted. When final "Repro" copies are to be submitted Block 16 will clarify the type of Repro copies required. (e.g., vellum, negative, etc.) Block 15: Is the total of each type of copies to be submitted as required by Block 14. Block 16: Is the block used to provide additional or clarifying information Blocks 1 through 15. This block is also the only area used to tailor the document listed in Block 4. Only deletions to the minimum requirements stated in the document in Block 4 are allowed. Block 16 may also be used to specify the medium for delivery of the data. Block 17: Is the block where the bidder or offeror is to enter the appropriate price group. The price groups are defined as follows: A. Group I - Data which the contractor prepares to satisfy the Government's requirements. The contractor does not need this type of data to perform the rest of the contract. Price would be based on identifiable direct costs, overhead, General and Administrative (G&A) and profit. B. Group II - Data essential to contract performance which must be reworked or amended to conform to Government requirements. The price for data in this group would be based on the direct cost to convert the original data to meet Government needs and to deliver it, plus allocable overhead, G&A and profit. C. Group III - Data which the contractor must develop for his own use and which requires no substantial change to conform to Government requirements regarding depth of content, format, frequency of submittal, preparation, and quality of data. Only the costs of reproducing, handling and delivery, plus overhead, G&A and profit, are considered in pricing data in this group. D. Group IV - Data which the contractor has developed as part of his commercial business. Not much of this data is required and the cost is insignificant. The item should normally be coded "no charge." An example is a brochure or brief manual developed for commercial application which will be acquired in small quantities, and the added cost is too small to justify the expense of computing the charge that otherwise would go with the acquisition. Block 18: Enter the total estimated price equal to that portion of the total price which is estimated to be attributable to the production or development for the government of that ITEM OF DATA. THE ENTRY "N/C" FOR "NO CHARGE" is acceptable.

6.2 In accordance with DoDI 5230.24 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to prospective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 6 (six) separate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. 6.3 1. NUCLEAR REACTOR PUBLICATIONS ASSIGNED NAVSEA DOCUMENT AND IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS THAT ARE NOT AVAILABLE FROM BPMI E-COMMERCE WEB SITE MUST BE REQUESTED FROM: CONTRACTING OFFICER NAVSUP WSS-MECH CODE N943 5450 CARLISLE PIKE P.O. BOX 2020 MECHANICSBURG, PA. 17055-0788 REQUESTS FOR "OFFICIAL USE ONLY" AND "NOFORN" (NOT RELEASABLE TO FOREIGN NATIO NALS) DOCUMENTS MUST IDENTIFY THE QUOTATION NUMBER ON PRE-AWARD PROCUREMENT ACTIONS. REQUESTS MUST BE SUBMITTED TO THE PCO FOR CERTIFICATION OF "NEED-TO-KNOW" FOR THE DOCUMENT. ON POST-AWARD ACTIONS, THE REQUEST MUST IDENTIFY THE GOVERNMENT CONTRACT NUMBER, AND BE SUBMITTED VIA THE DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY (DCMA) FOR CERTIFICATION OF "NEED-TO-KNOW" FOR THE DOCUMENT. 2. COMMERCIAL SPECIFICATIONS, STANDARDS AND DESCRIPTIONS - THESE SPECIFICATIONS, STANDARDS AND DESCRIPTIONS ARE NOT AVAILABLE FROM GOVERNMENT SOURCES. THEY MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE PUBLISHERS OR SOCIETIES OF THE APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=EOC Submit at the time of material delivery a Certificate of Compliance per DI-MISC-81356 to NAVSUP-WSS code N9433. A separate Certificate of Compliance shall be prepared and submitted for each unique combination of Contract/Purchase Order Number, National Stock Number and Item Nomenclature specified in the schedule of Supply/Services. DI-MISC-A81356 CITED IN BLOCK 4 IS A UNIQUE NAVSUP-WSS DD1423 SEQUENCE CONTROL NUMBER - CERTIFICATION PACKAGE TO BE IAW DID DI-MISC-81356(LATEST REV).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 5642261306
  - Email: COLLIN.A.BROWNING.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Item Number (ELIN). Block 2: Is the title of the data item cited in Block 4. Block 3: Is the subtitle of the data item cited in Block 4 and is used if the title requires clarification. Block 4: Is the actual Data Item Description (DID) number or the actual Technical Manual Contract Requirements Number. In the event the DD Form 1423 is requiring a technical manual the numbered TMCR will be an attachment to the contract/purchase order. Block 5: Is the section and paragraph area, where the requirement statement for the DD Form 1423 will be found. Block 6: Is the activity that will inform the contractor of approval, conditional approval or disapproval of the deliverable item. Block 7: Is a code which designates authority for inspection and acceptance of the deliverable item. The definition of the codes is as follows: DD Form 250 Code Inspection Acceptance SS (1) (2) DD (3) (4) SD (1) (4) DS (3) (5) LT (6) (7) NO (8) (8) XX (9) (9) (1) Inspection at source. (2) Acceptance at source. (3) No inspection performed at source. Final inspection performance at destination. (4) Acceptance at destination. (5) Acceptance at source. Acceptance based on written approval from the Contract Officer. (6) Letter of transmittal only. LT should not be used when inspection is required. The data is sent by the contractor directly to the personnel listed in Block 14 of the DD Form 1423. LT is used when the contracting agency does not desire to have a DD Form 250 for each and every piece of data developed by the contractor. The only other authorized use of LT is the special case where the contracting agency does not desire to have separate DD Forms 250 but desires to have a Government quality assurance representative perform inspection. The Government quality assurance representative shall be listed on the distribution in Block 14 and requested to provide comments via the quality assurance letter of inspection. Use of the symbol LT is not authorized for data comprising final delivery of Technical Data Package of for Technical Manuals. (LT may, however, be used for delivery of preliminary TDP"s or TM"s). (7) As specified in Block 8 of the DD Form 1423. (8) No inspection or acceptance required. No DD Form 250 or letter of transmittal required. Use of the symbol NO is not authorized for data comprising Technical Data Packages or for Technical Manuals. (9) Inspection and acceptance requirements specified elsewhere in the contract. Block 8: Is the approval code - Items of critical data requiring specific advanced written approval prior to distribution of the final data item will be identified by placing an "A" in this field. This data item requires submission of a preliminary draft prior to publication of a final document. When a preliminary draft is required, Block 16 of the DD Form 1423 will show length of time required for Government approval/disapproval and subsequent turn-around time for the contractor to resubmit the data after Government approval/disapproval has been issued. Block 16 will also indicate the extent of the approval requirements, e.g., approval of technical content and/or format. Block 9: Is the distribution statement code which explains how the Government can circulate the deliverable item. The definition of codes A, B, C, D, E, or F is as follows: A. Distribution of the item is unrestricted. B. Distribution of the item is limited to agencies only. C. Distribution of the item is limited to contractors with a cage code and have a DD Form 2345 on file with the DLA Logistics Information Services (DLIS) Battle Creek, Mich. or Government activities. D. Distribution of the item is limited to DOD activities and DOD contractors only. E. Distribution of the item is limited to DOD components only. F. Distribution of the item is restricted from Foreign Nations and Foreign Nationals. Block 10: Is the frequency which the deliverable item is expected to be delivered to the Government. The abbreviations and their meaning. ANNLY Annually ASGEN As generated ASREQ As required BI-MO Every two months BI-WE Every two weeks DAILY Daily DFDEL Deferred Delivery MTHLY Monthly ONE/R One time with revisions QRTLY Quarterly SEMIA Every six months WEKLY Weekly XTIME Number of times to be submitted (1time, 2times...9times) Use of these codes requires further explanation in Block 16 to provide the contractor with guidance necessary to accurately price the deliverable data item. Other abbreviations not appearing on the above list may on occasion be used in Block 10 of the DD Form 1423. When other abbreviations are used they will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 11: Is the last calendar date, expressed in year/month/day format, the deliverable item is to be received by the requiring office cited in Block 6 of the DD Form 1423 for an item with a Block 10 entry indication a single delivery. If the item is to be submitted multiple times, the number stated is the number of calendar days after the frequency cited in Block 10 the item is to be received by the requiring office cited in Block 6 of the DD Form 1423. On occasion the deliverable item will be required to be submitted prior to the end of the frequency cited in Block 6. In that event the requirement will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 12: Is the date of first submission of the deliverable item to the requiring office (Block 4) expressed in year/month/day format. The abbreviations and their meaning are as follows: ASGEN As generated ASREQ As required DAC Days after contract date DFDEL Deferred Delivery EOC End of contract EOM End of month EOQ End of quarter Specific instructions for these requirements will be provided in Block 16. If the deliverable item is constrained by a specific event or milestone the constraint will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. "As generated", "As required", and "Deferred Delivery" will always be fully explained in Block 16. Block 13: Is the date of subsequent submission of the deliverable item, after the initial submission. Subsequent submission is only used to indicate the specific time period. The data is required when Block 10 of the DD Form 1423 indicates multiple delivery is required. This does not apply to resubmission of a deliverable item that has been reviewed by the requiring office and determined to be only conditionally acceptable or unacceptable. Block 14a: Will contain the activity name(s) where the deliverable item is to be sent. If the activity is other than DCMA or NAVSUP-WSS the full name, address (including code) will be specified. That specific information will be located in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 14b: Is the number of copies of draft and or final copies to be submitted. When final "Repro" copies are to be submitted Block 16 will clarify the type of Repro copies required. (e.g., vellum, negative, etc.) Block 15: Is the total of each type of copies to be submitted as required by Block 14. Block 16: Is the block used to provide additional or clarifying information Blocks 1 through 15. This block is also the only area used to tailor the document listed in Block 4. Only deletions to the minimum requirements stated in the document in Block 4 are allowed. Block 16 may also be used to specify the medium for delivery of the data. Block 17: Is the block where the bidder or offeror is to enter the appropriate price group. The price groups are defined as follows: A. Group I - Data which the contractor prepares to satisfy the Government"s requirements. The contractor does not need this type of data to perform the rest of the contract. Price would be based on identifiable direct costs, overhead, General and Administrative (G&A) and profit. B. Group II - Data essential to contract performance which must be reworked or amended to conform to Government requirements. The price for data in this group would be based on the direct cost to convert the original data to meet Government needs and to deliver it, plus allocable overhead, G&A and profit. C. Group III - Data which the contractor must develop for his own use and which requires no substantial change to conform to Government requirements regarding depth of content, format, frequency of submittal, preparation, and quality of data. Only the costs of reproducing, handling and delivery, plus overhead, G&A and profit, are considered in pricing data in this group. D. Group IV - Data which the contractor has developed as part of his commercial business. Not much of this data is required and the cost is insignificant. The item should normally be coded "no charge." An example is a brochure or brief manual developed for commercial application which will be acquired in small quantities, and the added cost is too small to justify the expense of computing the charge that otherwise would go with the acquisition. Block 18: Enter the total estimated price equal to that portion of the total price which is estimated to be attributable to the production or development for the government of that ITEM OF DATA. THE ENTRY "N/C" FOR "NO CHARGE" is acceptable

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c1c161f4cd6342d294ae08e4fcaa7197/view)