---
layout: default
title: General Leonard Wood Army Community Hospital (GLWACH) Demolition and Decommissioning
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b6308590396c4c22930e9c2f53873d77
---

# General Leonard Wood Army Community Hospital (GLWACH) Demolition and Decommissioning

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 09:33:49.864-04
- Solicitation Number: A041517

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice for the Demolition and Decommissioning of the General Leonard Wood Army Community Hospital (GLWACH) Contract. This requirement was previously published on SAM.gov as the seed project for the Dismantling, Demolition, and Removal of Improvements Multiple Award Task Order Contract (MATOC). The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Kansas City District intends to solicit and award a Design-Build (DB) contract for the demolition and decommissioning of the General Leonard Wood Army Community Hospital on Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri. The demolition of the former General Leonard Wood Army Community Hospital (GLWACH) consists of the complete removal of the following buildings: hospital and clinic (B310), Central Utility Plant (B311), and temporary Helipad. The building demolition will ensure that the connected Optical Fabrication Lab (B311) remains with limited to no degradation to operations. The Government proposes to issue a single firm fixed price type contract for this project. This Sources Sought notice is for market research and planning purposes only. This does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to award a contract from responses to this announcement, nor does it obligate the Government to produce a solicitation in the future. Any information submitted by interested parties is strictly voluntary and no monetary compensation will be provided for response preparation or follow-up requests. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to gain knowledge of potential and interested qualified contractors capable of performing hazardous material abatement, building demolition, decommissioning services, and removal of improvements. This effort is classified through the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) under 238910 Site Preparation Contractors. The small business size standard for NAICS 238910 is $19M. The magnitude of this project is more than $10,000,000.00. It is anticipated that a solicitation announcement will be published on SAM.gov in mid-2026. The following information is requested in this Sources Sought (SS) announcement: 1. Firm’s name, address, email address, website address, telephone number, and point of contact. 2. Firm’s CAGE Code and UEI number. 3. Company size (Small or Large), in accordance with the NAICS 238910. 4. If a Small Business, specify if your company is any of the following: Small Disadvantaged Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB); Veteran Owned Small Business, HUBZone Small Business; 8(a) Small Business concern; or Women-Owned Small Business. 5. Firm’s interest in providing a proposal as the prime contractor on the pending solicitation once issued. 6. Experience: Evidence of capabilities to perform work comparable to that required for the project. 7. Provide a maximum of 3 recent (within the last 6 years) relevant/comparable projects and describe how they are similar to this project. Include the project name; when the project was completed; dollar value of the project; description of the key/salient features of the project, identify the contracting office & the customer/user (include POC information). Construction Bonding level per contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars. A summary of the scope is below: Abatement of hazardous materials and environmental liabilities within GLWACH and other facilities to be demolished Demolition of GLWACH (472,600sf) and Primary Care Clinic structures, including foundations. Demolition of Central Utility Plant Demolition of Fuel Tanks Demolition of utilities, paving and other site appurtenances, within the boundaries identified. Demolition of communications infrastructure to various buildings that are currently served from GLWACH. Demolition of temporary Helipad. Construction of new exterior wall between Regional Optical Fabrication Lab and GLWACH. Construction of storm drainage and detention Backfill and establishment of turf following removal of building foundations. Decommissioning Statement The contractor shall remove all debris, and any other material not otherwise tagged for salvage or reuse on the project (examples are existing attic stock, old architectural drawings, spare parts & materials, files, etc.) 1. Decommission medical air, vacuum, and gas systems: a. Disconnect master medical gas alarm b. Disconnect zone medical gas alarms. c. Remove medical gas manifolds d. Remove medical air pumps e. Remove medical vacuum pump and tank f. Remove dental air pump g. Remove dental vacuum pumps and tank h. Purge and cap medical gas system throughout MTF. Cut and cap MED gas at main entry point, then purge lines at each valve and tag “NOT IN USE” i. Remove spit tank, filter, and dispose of contaminant off post. 2. Decommission medical low-voltage systems: a. Disable temperature monitoring system. b. Deactivate and remove pharmacy duress visible components. c. Deactivate and remove Infant Abduction System/HUGS systems and visible components. d. Remove all information technology (IT) switches. e. Deactivate and remove ceiling mounted Wi-Fi antennas and repeaters f. Deactivate and remove ceiling and external mounted cameras. 3. Decommission HVAC systems: a. Clean and cap laboratory & radiology vent hoods, dispose of filters, and remove hazardous signs. b. Disconnect all HVAC lines for refrigerant systems. c. Cut and cap chilled water (CHW) from central utility plant (CUP) d. Drain and purge HVAC CHW and reheat hot water (RHW) in CUP e. Drain and purge glycol from all HVAC systems. 4. Decommission wastewater systems and laboratory systems: a. Survey drains and P-traps in Dental and Laboratory for mercury contamination; remove all sink P-traps and remediate. b. Dental vacuum lines in dental clinic are contaminated for mercury, remove vacuum lines from dental clinic to storage tank. 5. Decommission Nutrition Care Division (NCD) and Sterile Processing Department (SPD): a. Cut and cap steam lines. 6. Decommission/Deactivate Fire Suppression Systems: a. Deactivate and secure range hood fire suppression systems in NCD kitchen. b. Deactivate the Data Center FM200 suppression systems; remove and dispose of storage tanks. c. Deactivate carbon dioxide extinguishing system in emergency generator room; remove and dispose of storage tanks. d. Dispose of the left-over fire extinguishers. 7. Decommission Hydraulic Elevators (2): a. Drain and purge hydraulic oil from elevators (2) from GLWACH. b. Contractor shall dispose of oil off post. 8. Decommission Two Diesel Fuel Tank (approximately 10,000 Gallons) located next to CUP in an exterior closure. a. Drain and purge diesel from tanks and lines going to generator and fire pump. b. Contractor shall take possession of fuel. The responses must be specific to the qualifications listed above to show that the respondent is qualified and possesses the necessary skills, experience, and capabilities. If a response does not clearly demonstrate that the respondent meets the qualifications, possesses the necessary skills, experience, and capability the response will not be considered as confirmed capability for the purposes of market research. Please send your Sources Sought responses via email to stephanie.r.kretzer@usace.army.mil and jeri.l.halterman@usace.army.mil. Submissions should be received by 10:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time (CDT), March 20, 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeri Halterman
  - Email: jeri.l.halterman@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 8163892198
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Stephanie Kretzer
  - Email: stephanie.r.kretzer@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 8163892355

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b6308590396c4c22930e9c2f53873d77/view)