---
layout: default
title: Repair Pavement Parking Lot Bldg 106 and Striping
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: fa2c0a2400ef4ec4893f4e2bb1532832
---

# Repair Pavement Parking Lot Bldg 106 and Striping

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 08:38:27.094-04
- Solicitation Number: FA875126Q0004

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services General Information Title: Repair Pavement Parking Lot Bldg 106 and Striping Document Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Solicitation Number: FA875126Q0004 Posted Date: TBD Response Date: 6 May 2026 PSC: Z2LB Set-Aside: 100% SBSA NAICS Code: 237310 Contracting Office Address Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFRL – Rome Research Site, AFRL/Information Directorate, 26 Electronic Parkway, Rome, NY, 13441-4514 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Further, offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of amendments (if any) or other information pertaining to this solicitation. Solicitation number FA875126Q0004 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul. Provisions 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 apply. Please see below for their full text. Please see the attached solicitation (Standard Form 1442) and supporting documents/attachments for all remaining provisions/clauses, line items/descriptions, period of performance and location, and other response instructions. To assist in developing quotes, an organized site visit has been scheduled for 15 April 2026, at 9:00 AM Eastern Time. Participants wishing to attend must create a DBIDS Pre-Enrollment Request on https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil and email the QR confirmation code to Leena Budhu at leenawattie.budhu.1@us.af.mil with a courtesy copy to Lary Barto at larry.barto.1@us.af.mil one week prior to scheduled visit. Formal communications/inquiries, such as requests for clarification or information concerning this solicitation must be via email (to Leena Budhu and Larry Barto) and must include “FA875126Q0004” in the subject line. As required by 15 U.S.C. 644(w), the following information is provided regarding Air Force definitization of change orders under construction contracts: - There are no Air Force procedures, in addition to that outlined in FAR Part 43, that apply to definitization of equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts. - Data on the Air Force’s past performance, for the prior 3 fiscal years, regarding the time required to definitize equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts can be found on Attachment 6 to this solicitation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation (SF1442). Offers must be emailed to leenawattie.budhu.1@us.af.mil with a copy to larry.barto.1@us.af.mil. Hard copies or faxed submissions will not be accepted. As a minimum, offers shall include- (1) Proposed price. Offeror are requested to use the provided solicitation to submit their quote for evaluation. Failure to fully complete the provided solicitation with answers to required provisions may result in an offer being rejected. By submission of its offer, the Offeror agrees with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments; (2) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2; (3) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (4) Past Performance information. - Contractor shall submit past performance information to include no more than five (5) contracts completed within the past five (5) years. Past performance information for each contract must include the following: - Description of work and contract number (if any) - Statement identifying whether Offeror acted as prime contractor or as a subcontractor - Period of performance of the work - Customer Point of Contact for the effort (Name, Phone, and Email Address) (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 45 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a post award debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Price and Past Performance Past Performance is significantly more important than Price. When evaluating past performance, the Government will place more emphasis on efforts that are more similar in scope/nature to the work involved in this solicitation (relevant) as well as more recent. The Government may also place more emphasis on past performance as a prime contractor as opposed to as a subcontractor. The Government reserves the right to award a contract at a higher price for a perceived higher quality based on past efforts. (b) Options. N/A (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Leena Budhu
  - Email: leenawattie.budhu.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3153302557
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Larry Barto
  - Email: Larry.Barto.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3153302672

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: to this solicitation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation (SF1442). Offers must be emailed to leenawattie.budhu.1@us.af.mil with a copy to larry.barto.1@us.af.mil. Hard copies or faxed submissions will not be accepted. As a minimum, offers shall include- (1) Proposed price. Offeror are requested to use the provided solicitation to submit their quote for evaluation. Failure to fully complete the provided solicitation with answers to required provisions may result in an offer being rejected. By submission of its offer, the Offeror agrees with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments; (2) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2; (3) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (4) Past Performance information. - Contractor shall submit past performance information to include no more than five (5) contracts completed within the past five (5) years. Past performance information for each contract must include the following: - Description of work and contract number (if any) - Statement identifying whether Offeror acted as prime contractor or as a subcontractor - Period of performance of the work - Customer Point of Contact for the effort (Name, Phone, and Email Address) (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 45 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a post award debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Price and Past Performance Past Performance is significantly more important than Price. When evaluating past performance, the Government will place more emphasis on efforts that are more similar in scope/nature to the work involved in this solicitation (relevant) as well as more recent. The Government may also place more emphasis on past performance as a prime contractor as opposed to as a subcontractor. The Government reserves the right to award a contract at a higher price for a perceived higher quality based on past efforts. (b) Options. N/A (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fa2c0a2400ef4ec4893f4e2bb1532832/view)