---
layout: default
title: J065--VFD Maintenance
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9fa318a6dd914c94a7d37eba55d90ced
---

# J065--VFD Maintenance

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 06:36:47.849-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226Q0349
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 2 of 2 The Department of Veterans Affairs, Great Lakes Acquisition Center (GLAC) is searching for vendors with the capabilities to provide maintenance and repair to the Variable Frequency Drive (VFD) system Maintenance Brief description: DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES The Contractor shall provide all labor, material, tools, management, travel, and equipment necessary for the maintenance and testing of the of the Variable Frequency Drive (VFD) systems located at the Clement J. Zablocki Medical Center, Milwaukee, WI 53295, as defined in the Statement of Work (SOW). GENERAL REQUIREMENTS Contactor shall provide, maintain, and test the VFD systems to include all drives on provided equipment list. When working on ABB equipment shall be performed by Contractor provided ABB Inc. certified technician; as well as certified technicians on all other equipment. Technicians shall be able to inspect, maintain, upgrade, replace/repair and to respond to any event of VFD failure in a as per Section 6 Response Times. PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE INSPECTION (PMI) PLAN The contractor shall develop a PMI plan that includes all of the following items: Visual Inspection & Cleaning Technicians shall perform a complete visual inspection and cleaning. Broken or damaged parts shall be replaced as necessary. Drives shall be inspected for at a minimum ambient temperature, dust, dirt, moisture, evidence of overheating, corrosion, integrity. Capacitors shall be checked for leakage. Conductors and parts shall be checked for proper insulation. Drives shall be cleaned using vacuum or compressed air as required. Filters shall be cleaned or replaced. Power connections shall be re-torqued to manufacturer s specifications. Contractor shall check circulating fans for signs of bearing failure or foreign objects internally. Cooling Fans shall be energized and tested for airflow. Heat sinks and air passages shall be inspected to detect blockage or broken/cracked components. Fans shall be replaced as necessary. Air conditioners shall be checked for proper cooling. Line Reactors, DC Link Reactors, Isolation Transformers Reactors and transformers are inspected for wear, insulation breakdown, connections, and proper conduction. Transformer voltages shall be checked for proper amplitude and balance. Inspect DC bus capacitors for bulging and leakage. Operator Interface The keypad or other operator interface shall be checked for display, keypad, proper communication, and fault history log. Contractor shall take action, as indicated, for fault indications. Power-On Test With power applied to the drive, the DC bus shall be checked for correct voltages and currents. Incoming AC voltages shall be checked for proper amplitude and balance. The DC bus shall be checked for voltage and excessive ripple voltage. Output voltages shall be checked for amplitude and balance. All values shall be compared with previous results to assess the rate of deterioration. Contractor Technicians shall look for evidence of unusual vibration or noise. Harmonic Filters Components shall be inspected for integrity, insulation breakdown, and connections. Line voltages and currents shall be verified for proper balance. Load voltages and currents shall be verified for balance and amplitude. Currents and voltages at the capacitors shall also be checked for balance and integrity. Capacitors shall be inspected for bulging, leakage, loose connections, etc. Current harmonics shall be measured and verified. Converter Section Each diode shall be isolated and tested for proper conduction and reverse voltage blocking capability. Connections shall be inspected for tightness and corrosion. Inverter Section Each transistor, or other switching device, shall be isolated and tested for proper conduction, commutation, and reverse voltage blocking capability. Capacitors Excessive ripple on the DC bus can cause erroneous operation and drive failure. Capacitors shall be isolated and tested to assure that they meet the manufacturer s specifications. Defective capacitors shall be replaced individually, based on Contractor s assessment, all capacitors shall be replaced for extended operating life. Bleed-off resistors are also checked for continuity and integrity. Parameter Settings Programming parameters shall be checked, as required, to assure correct settings. Alarm and fault logs shall be viewed to find evidence of previous faults. Change logs shall be viewed to indicate any parameters which have been inadvertently changed since the last maintenance visit. All inputs and outputs, digital and analog Input/Output (I/O), shall be tested for calibration and correct operation. Pre-Charge Circuit The pre-charge circuit protects the capacitors and DC bus from damage. A faulty pre-charge circuit can lead to DC bus failure, and even explosions. The pre-charge resistor shall be tested for integrity and proper resistance. The bypass contactor (or solid-state bypass) shall be tested for correct operation and contact wear. Firing Test While the drive is running, an oscilloscope shall be used to verify correct wave form on each of the output phases. Control voltage shall be checked and verified. Load Test The drive shall be run under load (where practicable). Currents and Voltages shall be measured for proper balance and amplitude. Voltage and current readings shall be verified on the keypad. Enclosures & Build-ups Maintenance of enclosures and build-ups varies according to the application. Typical maintenance shall include visual inspection, cleaning, fan inspection and/or replacement, replacing failed pilot lights, rotation verification and contact inspection on bypass contactors, calibration of analog transducers, tightening of electrical connections, damaged terminal blocks, etc. The replacement of fans shall be done on an as needed basis, by separate purchase order, at price indicated on the Price Schedule. Infrared Scan An infrared heat scan shall be done on the VFD s and/or associated power equipment. The thermal imaging report shall include an infrared image of the VFD and/or associated equipment along with digital hot-spot temperature, color image showing temperature profile within the cabinet, and a problem report describing any abnormalities found. Contractor shall complete ATTACHMENT A VFD Preventative Maintenance Checklist for each Variable Frequency Drive that preventative maintenance is performed on; Checklists shall be given to COR upon completion of service, prior to leaving facility for the day. Preventive maintenance includes adjustments, service, or repairs to VFDs to return to operational status. When possible, equipment and system deficiencies shall be corrected while performing preventive maintenance work. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of performance shall begin on the award date of the contract and continue until the Government determines that all deliverables described herein are complete.. The exact dates are to be determined upon award and agreed upon by both the VA and the Contractor. RESPONSE TIME A. Preventative maintenance described in Section 3 and not initiated by a service call from the COR shall be scheduled 24 hours prior to the execution of the maintenance service call. Emergency Service Calls Emergency services involve the correction of conditions that require action to restore essential service. The contractor shall be on the job site within four (4) hours after receipt of an emergency service call and shall work continuously until the condition is corrected. A quote shall be submitted to COR for approval prior to start of corrective service. Corrective service shall be paid separate from this contract. To be considered all interested, responsible sources must submit a capability statement to include the following: Company Experience in providing services as described above, to include number of years and any examples of current contracts in place with government or commercial entities; Customer point of contact information for contracts listed in company experience along with a description of equipment serviced under the contract; Verification of authorization and training related to servicing referenced equipment; Number of qualified maintenance personnel employed; UEI number, organization name, organization address, point of contact, business size under the above listed NAICS, and socioeconomic status; This Sources Sought is issued solely for information and planning purposes to determine availability of qualified vendors and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Please note that this is not a request for proposal and the Government is seeking information for market research purposes only. The Government may or may not issue solicitation documents. Look for any further information in Contract Opportunities. Telephone inquiries will not be returned.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Derrick Paquette
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: derrick.paquette@va.gov
  - Phone: 414-844-4800

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: VFD Preventative Maintenance Checklist for each Variable Frequency Drive that preventative maintenance is performed on; Checklists shall be given to COR upon completion of service, prior to leaving facility for the day. Preventive maintenance includes adjustments, service, or repairs to VFDs to return to operational status. When possible, equipment and system deficiencies shall be corrected while performing preventive maintenance work. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of performance shall begin on the award date of the contract and continue until the Government determines that all deliverables described herein are complete.. The exact dates are to be determined upon award and agreed upon by both the VA and the Contractor. RESPONSE TIME A. Preventative maintenance described in Section 3 and not initiated by a service call from the COR shall be scheduled 24 hours prior to the execution of the maintenance service call. Emergency Service Calls Emergency services involve the correction of conditions that require action to restore essential service. The contractor shall be on the job site within four (4) hours after receipt of an emergency service call and shall work continuously until the condition is corrected. A quote shall be submitted to COR for approval prior to start of corrective service. Corrective service shall be paid separate from this contract. To be considered all interested, responsible sources must submit a capability statement to include the following: Company Experience in providing services as described above, to include number of years and any examples of current contracts in place with government or commercial entities; Customer point of contact information for contracts listed in company experience along with a description of equipment serviced under the contract; Verification of authorization and training related to servicing referenced equipment; Number of qualified maintenance personnel employed; UEI number, organization name, organization address, point of contact, business size under the above listed NAICS, and socioeconomic status; This Sources Sought is issued solely for information and planning purposes to determine availability of qualified vendors and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Please note that this is not a request for proposal and the Government is seeking information for market research purposes only. The Government may or may not issue solicitation documents. Look for any further information in Contract Opportunities. Telephone inquiries will not be returned

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9fa318a6dd914c94a7d37eba55d90ced/view)