---
layout: default
title: Moulage Training and Artists Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 686db8c2adb84c69920b4659314b6909
---

# Moulage Training and Artists Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 16:35:33.885-04
- Solicitation Number: 0012421328

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS INTRODUCTION The Medical Readiness Contracting Office-West (MRCO-W), Fort Hood, Texas is issuing this sources sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support the requirement to provide advanced training system with moulage services at Fort Hood, Texas, 76544. The intention is to procure this advanced training system with moulage services on a competitive basis. This request is anticipated to result in a Firm Fixed-Priced contract. It is projected that the requirement will be for a medical exercise with a period of performance of 1 June 26 to 5 June 26. Contact with Government Personnel, other than the Contract Specialist identified at the bottom of this notice, by any potential offeror, or their employees’, regarding this requirement is strictly prohibited. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES (IN FULL OR IN PART) OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION, and multiple awards MAY be made. All Small Business Set-Aside categories will be considered. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. DISCLAIMER “THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A “REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)” TO BE SUBMITTED. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. RESPONSES WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO THE RESPONDER. NOT RESPONDING TO THIS NOTICE DOES NOT PRECLUDE PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) OR INVITATION FOR BID (IFB) OR RFP, IF ANY ISSUED. IF A SOLICITATION IS RELEASED, IT WILL BE SYNOPSIZED ON THE GOVERNMENT-WIDE POINT OF ENTRY (GPE). IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF POTENTIAL OFFERORS TO MONITOR THE GPE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMMATION PERTAINING TO THIS REQUIREMENT.” REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The purpose of this requirement is to obtain an advanced training system that emphasizes the use of moulage to create realistic, life-like simulations for critical skills training and device testing. This system will feature anatomically accurate models with functional circulatory systems that mimic the responses of a live trauma patient. These simulations will enable a wide range of trauma procedures, including life-saving interventions, as well as laparoscopic and open surgeries. This effort is inclusive of FY26 and includes four (4) instructors and includes four (4) instructors for the Simulated Patient 101 course that will take place on 01 Jun 26 and twelve (12) moulage artists to support 43 role players and 120 trainees from 01-05 JUN 26. The twelve moulage artists will be assigned two per training lane for six lanes each day of training. Contractors must be able to execute services in both a static (lab) and/or a dynamic field environment. Training execution will be static and field oriented in nature with hospitalization and medical training in a fixed facility on Fort Hood, TX. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 611710 Educational Support Services.” The Small Business Size Standard is $24 in millions of dollars. The Product Service Code (PSC) is U099- Specialized Educational Services. SUBMISSION DETAILS Responses to this Sources Sought Notice should demonstrate the firm's ability, capability, and responsibility to deliver the products and provide the services listed above. In response to this notice, interested parties shall submit a written Statement of Capability limited up to 5 pages and shall include the following information: •Offeror’s name, address, point of contact, phone number, and e-mail address. •Offeror’s interest in providing a proposal/quote on the solicitation when it is issued. •Offeror’s capability to meet personnel requirements. •Offeror shall provide contract numbers of any enterprise wide or Government Services Administration (GSA) schedule and or Multiple Award Contracts held that can meet the Government’s requirement. •Offeror’s capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity Documentation of appropriate products/services must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary means to compete for this acquisition. •Offeror’s type of small business and Business Size (Whether 8(a), HUB Zone, Women-Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, etc.), or Large Business Status, should be documented in the Statement of Capability. Interested parties are responsible for marking information that is proprietary in nature. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow up information requests. The Government is not obligated to, nor will it, pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought notice. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. No subcontracting opportunity is anticipated. A determination by the Government to not compete this proposed contract action based on the responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, Sara L. Craig, in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email sara.l.craig2.civ@health.mil no later than 10:00 a.m. Central Standard Time (CST) on 28 April 2026 and reference this synopsis number in subject line of e-mail and on all enclosed documents. Telephonic inquiries will NOT be honored. All interested businesses must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sara Craig
  - Email: sara.l.craig2.civ@health.mil
  - Phone: 2542856743

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/686db8c2adb84c69920b4659314b6909/view)