---
layout: default
title: S205--Trash Removal and Recycling Services Grand Junction, Colorado
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4fb33e84bcd9455d95b060a9724812cd
---

# S205--Trash Removal and Recycling Services Grand Junction, Colorado

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 11:45:09.774-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0384
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0384 Trash Removal and Recycling Services This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. SITE VISIT: Due to the urgency (existing contract expiring on 4/30/2026) of this requirement, a site visit will NOT be available prior to the deadline for quotes. QUESTIONS: The deadline for all questions is 12:00pm MST, April 8th, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing, via email, no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. QUOTES: Quotes are to be provided to stephanie.cahill@va.gov no later than 12:00pm MST, April 13th, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0384. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 effective August 26th, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 562111 with a business size standard of $47 million. This solicitation is 100% unrestricted. List of Line Items; Base Year: 5/1/2026 4/30/2027 Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 0002 Monthly 8-yard Compactor Rental 12 MO 0003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 0004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 0005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 0006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 0007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 0008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Base Year $ Option Year #1: 5/1/2027 4/30/2028 Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 1001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 1002 Monthly 8-yard Compactor Rental 12 MO 1003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 1004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 1005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 1006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 1007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 1008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Option Year #1 $ Option Year #2: 5/1/2028 4/30/2029 Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 2001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 2002 Monthly 8-yard Compactor Rental 12 MO 2003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 2004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 2005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 2006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 2007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 2008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Option Year #2 $ Option Year #3: 5/1/2029 4/30/2030 Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 3001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 3002 Monthly 8-yard Compactor Rental 12 MO 3003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 3004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 3005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 3006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 3007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 3008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Option Year #3 $ Option Year #4: 5/1/2030 4/30/2031 Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 4001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 4002 Monthly 8-yard Compactor Rental 12 MO 4003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 4004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 4005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 4006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 4007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 4008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Option Year #4 $ All periods of performance (Base + Option Years) combined: Grand Total $_________ Description of Requirements for the Services to be acquired: *Cut sheets and specification sheets proving the offered products and services meets all testing specifications and requirements provided in the Statement of Work (SOW) must be included with the quote *Failure to meet the requirements listed in the SOW below will result in the offeror s quote not being considered for award. *Failure to provide the required documents or information (information documents, quote with accurate costs, estimated time for completion of project) by the quote deadline will result in the offeror s quote not being considered for award. STATEMENT OF WORK: Summary: The Statement of Work (SOW) covers the furnishing of all necessary labor, material, equipment and supervision necessary to satisfactorily remove recycled materials, trash, and refuse waste from the VA Western Colorado Health Care System (WCHCS) at address: 2121 North Avenue, Grand Junction, CO 81501. Trash removal and recycling services shall be provided in accordance with the frequency listed in the price/cost schedule (above) and the SOW (below). However, all services completed within a given month shall be submitted for payment on one monthly invoice, in arrears. REQUIREMENTS: Contractor shall provide containers and services as listed below: One (1), eight (8) yard compactor emptied three (3x) times per week (an additional 12 pickups/hauls/jobs added in case of unanticipated increased need throughout the year, as needed). The services shall be completed on the agreed upon schedule of three (3) pickups per week on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The trash compactor must be provided by the vendor. Any costs for the rental fee should be included in the line item listed above. Costs for installation and removal should be included in the rate. The compactor shall be bolted to the ground and include a detachable container for dumping solid waste only. A new replacement container for the compactor shall be provided by the Contractor twice per year approx.. every 6 months. The Contractor shall power wash the cement prior to the replacement of the new container for the compactor Two (2), eight (8) yarder trash bin containers emptied two times (2x) per week. One (1), 30 yard roll off dumpster emptied two times (2x) per month (an additional 6 pickups/hauls/jobs added in case of unanticipated increased need throughout the year, as needed). The facility may require unscheduled additional pickup outside of the regular schedule depending on ongoing project and facility needs. The VA COR shall coordinate with the vendor when additional, unscheduled pickups are required. Disposal fees for each haul shall be invoiced specifying how many tons are included for the haul. Based on past performance, no haul for the 30-yard dumpster is expected to exceed four (4) tons. Twelve (12), 96-gallon recycling carts, emptied one time (1x) per week for aluminum, paper, plastic, and tin. One (1), baler for cardboard cardboard bale pick-ups once every two weeks. Shall be leased to facility; NOT purchased. Installation of the baler and ongoing maintenance shall be included The cost of hauling the baled cardboard should be priced in the monthly rental fee. The vendor s monthly rate should take into consideration any additional revenue received for recycling the baled cardboard. Recycling of wooden pallets pick-ups shall be two times (2x) per month. Pallets shall not be put in the 30 yard roll off dumpster as regular waste/trash Contractor shall ensure pallets are not destroyed and are brought to a recycling facility **Additionally, the WCHCS may request additional pickups if the volume trash/recycling generated warrants additional pickups those additional pickups/hauls have been accounted for as an additional quantity in the cost/price schedule. If the Contractor anticipates they will need to exceed the total number of total hauls for the year, as much advance notice as possible (at least 30 days) should be provided to the station POC as well as the Contracting Officer. No additional hauls that exceed the annual total should be scheduled or completed without the Contractor first receiving a modification to the contract that incorporates those additional services/jobs. Disposal services shall include but are not limited to landfill fees, taxes and/or additional expenses (gas, overfill, etc.) related to the disposal of trash, garbage, and any recycling fees. Any trash or garbage scattered by the contractor on the Medical Center grounds shall be immediately recovered and removed by the Contractor. The pickup area shall be left in a clean oil-free sanitary condition. All debris dropped by the contractor shall be promptly removed by the Contractor. The Contractor shall return all containers to their proper position. The WCHCS will furnish the necessary electric power to run the hydraulic power system. The contractor shall be responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the hydraulic power compactor. Trucks and compactors shall be maintained and in good repair so as not to leak hydraulic fluid and other oils/fluids onto the WCHCS grounds and facilities. If the WCHCS determines that the area is not being kept clean by the contractor, the WCHCS will clean the affected area and charge the cleaning to the contractor. WORKMANSHIP: Contractor shall maintain a state of cleanliness inside and outside the compactor Power washing cement prior to installation of new container for compactor 2x/year Area around the compactor and compactor itself shall be kept clean and free of excessive oil/fluids. SAFETY REQUIREMENTS: In the performance of this contract, the Contractor shall take such safety precautions as the Contracting Officer or his designee may determine to be reasonably necessary to protect the lives and health of occupants of the building and the lives and health of the contractor s personnel. The Contracting Officer or designee will notify the contractor of any noncompliance with the foregoing provision and action to be taken. The Contractor shall after receipt of such notice immediately correct the conditions to which attention has been directed. Such notice, when served on the Contractor or representative at the site of the work, shall be deemed sufficient for the purpose of aforesaid. If the Contractor fails or refuses to comply promptly, the Contracting Officer may issue an order stopping all or any part of the work and hold the Contractor in default. (End of Statement of Work) Services and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at: Grand Junction VA Medical Center (WCHCS) 2121 North Ave., Grand Junction, Colorado 81501 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the SBA Small Business Certification (SBS): https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality of the services offered to meet the Government requirement and (II) Price Volume I - Technical capability or quality of the services offered to meet the Government requirement The offeror shall submit specifications, cut sheets, or brochures confirming the services to be provided meet or exceed the requirements included in the SOW specified in this solicitation. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor 1. Technical capability of services offered to meet the Government requirement Factor 2. Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability of services offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor 2. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the item offered to the Government requirement shall not be selected regardless of price. **The Government may consider an award to other than the lowest priced quoter/offeror if it s in the best interest of the Government.** If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered non-responsive. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s) (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits Statute X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO X 52.223-2 Reporting of Biobased Products Under Service and Construction Contracts EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute X 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years, 6 months. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (MAR 2026) VAAR 852.204-72 Personnel Vetting and Credentialing (MAR 2026) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.204-70 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL (MAR 2026) The Contractor shall comply with current Department of Veterans Affairs policy for personal identity verification of all employees performing under this contract when physical access to VA facilities, and/or logical access to VA information and VA information systems is required. The Contractor shall insert this clause in all subcontracts when the subcontractor s employees will require physical access to VA facilities and/or logical access to VA information and VA information systems. (End of Clause) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification Statute 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to stephanie.cahill@va.gov by 12:00pm MST, April 13th, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Stephanie Cahill Stephanie.Cahill@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephanie Cahill
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Stephanie.Cahill@va.gov
  - Phone: *Email preferred*

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4fb33e84bcd9455d95b060a9724812cd/view)