---
layout: default
title: 6520--Dentsply Primescan Primemill (brand name or equal)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9ceeffd633d248aaada8fdd6bccd9b60
---

# 6520--Dentsply Primescan Primemill (brand name or equal)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 12:21:25.76-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426Q0452
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 1 of 3 Statement of Work Primescan Dental Scanning and Milling system Brand name or Equal INTRODUCTION/BACKGROUND: The Dental Department of the Corporal Michael J. Crescenz VA Medical Center (CMCVAMC) requires a Dentsply Primescan and Primemill (Brand Name or Equal to). Primescan is a high-quality digital scanner and milling system. Its digital capabilities will enhance the precision and efficiency of dental procedures. Allowing faster turnaround for patients to receive their dental appliances (dentures, partials, crowns) in less than half the time. Primescan/Primemill is known for their superior 3D images and ergonomic design, which is essential for improving accuracy of dental impressions and reducing operator error with manual impression material and eliminating high costs of sending cases to and from dental labs and materials used. This system will eliminate time-consuming needs to manually create and send physical impressions to dental labs, improve efficiency and collaboration between dental providers and dental labs. OBJECTIVE: The Corporal Michael J. Crescenz VAMC wishes to procure three (3) CEREC Primescan AC TP intraoral scanners, one (1) CEREC Primescan milling unit, and one (1) SpeedFire Oven, and one (1) Suction dry milling unit. Brand Name or Equal The period of performance requested for this acquisition is one-time purchase. The facility requests the ability to exercise up to zero option renewals. The need for this acquisition is determined to be routine and can be awarded within designated Contracting timeframes. To meet the needs of this acquisition, the following salient characteristics or needs must be met: Capability to quickly capture high-resolution digital images. Capability to use with any computer or laptop. Compatible with sharing intraoral scans with other VAMC dental departments and dental labs. Ensures sharpness and precision, up to a depth of 20mm. Offers powerful performance for milling zirconia. Supports dry and wet milling. Allows for milling temporary crowns chairside or with a dental laboratory. MAJOR REQUIREMENTS: The Contractor/ Vendor must complete the following tasks to meet the needs of this acquisition: Deliver, set up, provide DS Core Care, provide DS Powerup labor, and provide on-site training. Coordinating delivery with COR and/or facility. Deliver equipment to: Corporal Michael J. Crescenz VA Medical Center 3900 Woodland Avenue Philadelphia, PA 19104 The Government and the Contractor understand and agree that the services to be delivered under this contract by the Contractor to the Government are non-personal services and the parties recognize and agree that no employer-employee or master-servant relationships exist or will exist under the contract between the Government and the Contractor s employees. The contractor shall ensure that all products meet the highest quality standards and are free from defects. The CMCVAMC reserves the right to inspect and test the delivered items to ensure compliance with the specifications. The contractor shall provide a minimum of one-year warranty for all scanners, milling units, speedfire ovens, and suction units and components accessories provided. Additionally, the contractor shall offer technical support and maintenance services as needed. GOVERNMENT FURNISHED INFORMATION OR MATERIAL: This acquisition does not include Government-furnished property (GFP), identify in the Statement of Work all available information on GFP to be provided, including the make, model, bar code number and serial number, if available, of all accountable assets with an acquisition cost of $500 or more. This acquisition does not include Contractor-acquired property (CAP). CONTRACTING OFFICER'S REPRESENTATIVE (COR): "No Government personnel, other than the Contracting Officer, have the authority to change or alter these requirements. The station point of contact shall clarify technical points or supply relevant technical information, but no requirements in this scope of work may be altered as a sole result of such verbal clarification." REPORTS/DELIVERABLES: Delivery confirmation of equipment and commodities will be made through the Logistics Department of the CMCVAMC Philadelphia (642). This will include documentation of receipt and assignment of a facility based EE number for identification and tracking purposes. Delivery confirmation of non-equipment/ commodities acquisitions is the responsibility of the receiving Facility and/ or Service. PERIOD OF SERVICE: All deliverables shall be provided to the CMCVAMC Dental Department within sixty (60) after Receipt of Order. REQUEST FOR INFORMATION INSTRUCTIONS: The information identified above is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive and to indicate the quality of the supplies/services that will be satisfactory. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the required specifications mentioned above. Responses to this RFI should include company name, address, point of contact, phone number, and point of contact e-mail, UEI Number, Cage Code, size of business pursuant to North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) 339114 Please answer the following questions: Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? If not, can you provide additional information shown below. This is to confirm compliance with the non-manufacturer rule IAW 13 CFR 121.406(b) Nonmanufacturers. Does your company exceed 500 employees; Primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of item being supplied; Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice; Obtained an individual or class waiver? If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? Must have an authorized distributor letter from the original equipment manufacture. If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work and completion of job. Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. If you are an FSS GSA/NAC contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. Please submit your capabilities in regard to the salient characteristics detailed above and any information pertaining to equal to items to establish capabilities for planning purposes? Please review salient characteristics/statement of work (if applicable) and provide feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. Equipment manufacture, Country of origin Please provide your UEI number. This RFI will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received via e-mail to andrew.taylor3@va.gov no later than, 4:00 PM Eastern Time (ET) on April 17, 2026. This notice will help the VA in determining available potential sources only. Do not contact VA Medical Center staff regarding this requirement, as they are not authorized to discuss this matter related to this procurement action. All questions will be addressed by the Contracting Officer, Andrew Taylor. Questions or responses will include the Source Sought number 36C24526Q0542 in the subject line. All firms responding to this Request for Information are advised that their response is not a request for proposal, therefore will not be considered for a contract award. Any interested business concern must submit a no longer that 10-page capability statement addressing its ability to meet the requirements listed above to Capability Statement shall include a statement regarding how the business concern is engaged in wholesale trade and normally sells the item being supplied and how the business concern will take ownership of the items being delivered. Vendors shall also provide certification, evidence that they are an authorized distributor of the Original Equipment Manufacturer. If a solicitation is issued, information will be posted on the SAM web site for all qualified interested parties at a later date and interested parties must respond to the solicitation to be considered for award. This notice does not commit the government to contract for any supplies or services. The government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Request for Information. Information will only be accepted in writing by e-mail to Contracting Officer at andrew.taylor3@va.gov include 36C24426Q0542 in the subject line. DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. End of Document

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrew Taylor
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: andrew.taylor3@va.gov
  - Phone: 724-679-2327

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9ceeffd633d248aaada8fdd6bccd9b60/view)