---
layout: default
title: 7310--Aladdin CR 3 Insight Food Tray Docking Stations
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 777fdcc93d8d4db991702675f5917e87
---

# 7310--Aladdin CR 3 Insight Food Tray Docking Stations

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-30 10:45:33.098-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926Q0175
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 9 of 9 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 33 DESCRIPTION On behalf of the Lexington VA Medical Center, Network Contracting Office (NCO) 9 is issuing this sources sought notice (SSN) as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in, and the resources to support, the following requirement. CR3 Insight JR Docking Station, Air cooled with digital Safe Temperature. Removal and replacement of old docking stations to include disposal. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is 333310. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for bids, proposals, or quotes; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; and the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these services, please provide the following information: Organization name, address, point of contact, email address, web site address, and telephone number. Business size: small, small disadvantaged, woman-owned, Hub Zone, serviced-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB), veteran owned small business (VOSB), large business, etc. Business type under NAICS 333310, which contains a size standard of 1,000 Employees, Commercial And Government Entity (CAGE) Code and Unique Entity Identification (UEI) Number. Under which NAICS code does your company usually provide the requirements. Please provide rationale for your answer if different from NAICS 333310. Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational, and staff capability. Please provide the following information as an attachment to your response: Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services under the same or a related NAICS codes. Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services that are registered under the same or a related NAICS code with the Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE); Provide the certification type (SDVOSB/VOSB), Federal Identification Number, and state of incorporation for each. Do you plan on responding to a solicitation for this requirement with a Joint Venture utilizing multiple owned companies as majority or non-majority owner? Yes ___No ___ If yes, please identify which companies are considering a Joint Venture and the ownership of each company. Response to this SSN shall not exceed 10 pages and should include all of the fore-mentioned information. In addition, all submissions should be provided electronically in a Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF). The government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: Provide services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated. Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements. Implement a successful plan that includes: compliance with program schedules; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance. Provide services under a firm-fixed-price contract. NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered at U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) website https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/ . Based on the responses to this SSN/market research, this requirement may be set-aside for SDVOSBs, VOSBs, small businesses, procured through full and open competition, or sole sourced. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the services are invited to submit a response to this SSN by 08:00 CDT, April 8, 2026. All responses under this SSN must be emailed to Phon.phasavath@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response to this SSN. The government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the government to determine the organization s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in Federal Business Opportunities (FBO). However, responses to this notice shall not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. The government reserves the right to use any non-proprietary technical information in any resultant solicitation(s).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Phon Phasavath
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Phon.phasavath@va.gov
  - Phone: 615-225-5507

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: your response: Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services under the same or a related NAICS codes. Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services that are registered under the same or a related NAICS code with the Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE); Provide the certification type (SDVOSB/VOSB), Federal Identification Number, and state of incorporation for each. Do you plan on responding to a solicitation for this requirement with a Joint Venture utilizing multiple owned companies as majority or non-majority owner? Yes ___No ___ If yes, please identify which companies are considering a Joint Venture and the ownership of each company. Response to this SSN shall not exceed 10 pages and should include all of the fore-mentioned information. In addition, all submissions should be provided electronically in a Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF). The government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: Provide services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated. Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements. Implement a successful plan that includes: compliance with program schedules; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance. Provide services under a firm-fixed-price contract. NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered at U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) website https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/ . Based on the responses to this SSN/market research, this requirement may be set-aside for SDVOSBs, VOSBs, small businesses, procured through full and open competition, or sole sourced. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the services are invited to submit a response to this SSN by 08:00 CDT, April 8, 2026. All responses under this SSN must be emailed to Phon.phasavath@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response to this SSN. The government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the government to determine the organization s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in Federal Business Opportunities (FBO). However, responses to this notice shall not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. The government reserves the right to use any non-proprietary technical information in any resultant solicitation(s)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/777fdcc93d8d4db991702675f5917e87/view)