---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice for USS GRIDLEY (DDG 101) FY27 Depot Modernization Period
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 4348292d177c4809a21c07ac9256ef8b
---

# Sources Sought Notice for USS GRIDLEY (DDG 101) FY27 Depot Modernization Period

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-14 13:44:08.566-04
- Solicitation Number: N0002426R4414

## Summary

This is a sources sought announcement in accordance with FAR 15.201 and DFARS 210.001 in anticipation of a potential future procurement program. The Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) is conducting market research to determine industry capability and interest in performing the FY27 Depot Modernization Period (DMP) Chief of Naval Operations (CNO) availability of the USS GRIDLEY (DDG 101) under a Coast-wide (West Coast) solicitation. NAVSEA is especially interested in determining small business capability and interest. The Government is seeking responses from sources that can perform dry-dock and pier-side maintenance, repair, and alterations anticipated to be 03/16/2027 – 11/20/2028 (subject to change). The anticipated RFP release date is in MAY 2026 (subject to change). The Government has provided an outline of some of the work anticipated to be completed under the expected FY27 DMP as an enclosure to this sources sought document (see Enclosure (1)). The anticipated contract type will be firm-fixed price. What/Where to Submit: Companies that already possess a current NAVSEA Master Ship Repair Agreement (MSRA) and Agreement for Boat Repair (ABR) should submit, on company letterhead, a notice of interest including the name, telephone number, mailing address, and e-mail address of one point of contact to Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, Attn: Brian Romano, SEA 0244. Please email your letter of interest to the Contracting Officer, Brian Romano, at brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil, and the Contract Specialist, James Thomas, SEA 0244 at james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil with “USS GRIDLEY (DDG 101) FY27 DMP Sources Sought Response” in the subject field and hand or digitally sign your letter of interest. The notice of interest should include the following information: The Name, CAGE, and SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number of company that intends to submit the proposal, Indicate an interest in submitting a proposal for solicitation N0002426R4414 Companies that do not already possess a NAVSEA Master Ship Repair Agreement (MSRA) and Agreement for Boat Repair (ABR) should submit, on company letterhead, a notice of interest including the name, telephone number, mailing address, and e-mail address of one point of contact to Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, Attn: Brian Romano, SEA 0244. Please email your letter of interest to the Contracting Officer, Brian Romano, at brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil, and the Contract Specialist, James Thomas, SEA 0244 at james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil with “USS GRIDLEY (DDG 101) FY27 DMP Sources Sought Response” in the subject field and hand or digitally sign your letter of interest. The notice of interest should include a brief description of your company and its capabilities as they relate to the requirements set forth in Enclosure (1), and answers to the following specific questions. Please limit your response to no more than five (5) pages. Is your company a small or large business as defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) under NAICS code 336611 (a small business must have 1,300 or less employees)? How many employees does your company have? Does your company have a website? If so, what is your company’s website address? Does your company have access to a dry-dock capable of docking and a pier capable of berthing USS GRIDLEY (DDG 101)? Does your company have a satisfactory performance record for the type of work required? Please provide examples of relevant and recent (within three years) past performance. Does your company have the necessary organization, experience, accounting and operational controls, and technical skills, or the ability to obtain them (including, as appropriate, such elements as production control procedures, property control systems, quality assurance measures, and safety programs applicable to materials to be produced or services to be performed by the prospective contractor and subcontractors)? In addition to the previous question, please answer the following sub-questions: Does your company plan on obtaining a NAVSEA Master Ship Repair Agreement (MSRA)? Does your company plan on obtaining a NAVSEA Agreement for Boat Repair (ABR)? Given the complexity of the work described in this announcement, including Enclosure (1), please describe your company’s historical experience completing work on similar systems at a similar complexity on the critical systems outlined in Enclosure (1), or briefly describe how your company would be capable of meeting these requirements as of contract award. Information provided shall be treated as Business Sensitive or Confidential to the responder, exempt from public release under the Freedom of Information Act. All information shall be provided free of charge to the Government. NAVSEA may request further information regarding the capabilities of respondents to meet the requirements set forth in the announcement. This sources sought announcement is released in accordance with FAR 15.201. This sources sought announcement is not a request for proposal. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is to gather information from the market place. Information provided in response to this sources sought announcement will not be considered an offer by the responding contractor and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. No telephone inquiries will be accepted and requests for solicitation packages will not be granted, as a solicitation has not been prepared at this time. When to Submit: Responses are requested no later than 2PM Local Time, Washington D.C. on 04/24/2026. Notice Regarding Sources Sought: Please note that this sources sought is for information purposes and to identify potential sources. This notice does not constitute an Invitation for Bid or Request for Proposal, and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government of any kind. Other: The Government will not pay for any effort expended or any material provided in response to this announcement or any follow up information requests, nor will the Government return any data provided. Future information, if any, will be posted at SAM.gov. Contracting Officer Address: NAVAL SEA SYSTEMS COMMAND, DC 1333 Isaac Hull Ave SE, Washington Navy Yard, DC 20376 Point of Contact: Brian Romano, SEA 0244 Contracting Officer, brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil James Thomas, SEA 0244 Contract Specialist, james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Thomas
  - Email: james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027817223
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Romano
  - Email: brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027815282

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4348292d177c4809a21c07ac9256ef8b/view)