---
layout: default
title: Vindicator IDS/ACS Windows 10 Upgrade
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 8e74a586d25742e5a7ab685bad5dbff0
---

# Vindicator IDS/ACS Windows 10 Upgrade

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 14:59:52.53-04
- Solicitation Number: FA487726QA059

## Summary

Amendment 3 The purpose of this amendment is to provide the question and answer document located in at attachment "RFIs_QandA_Windows10_Vindicator_2.0," extend the solicitation deadline to April 17, 2026, at 11:30 AM PDT, and update the Statement of Work in the attached document "SOW – Final v5.0." All other terms and conditions of the original and Amendment 1 & 2 remain unchanged unless expressly stated otherwise. End of Amendment 3 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Amendment 2 The purpose of this amendment is to provide a correction to the set-aside status of the solicitation. Set-aside was erroneously identified as Total Small Business. The set-aside status is hereby changed to Women Owned Small Business. All other terms and conditions of the original and Amendment #1 remain unchanged unless expressly stated otherwise. End of Amendment 2 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Amendment 1 The purpose of this amendment is to provide question and answer document located in at attachment “RFIs_QandA_Windows10_Vindicator” of this solicitation in response to vendor Request for Information (RFI). All other terms and conditions of the original solicitation remain unchanged. End of Amendment 1 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ SOLICITATION: RFQ # FA4877-26-QA059 Vindicator IDS/ACS Windows 10 Upgrade 1. This is a solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and additional written solicitation will not be issued. 2. Solicitation FA4877-26-QA059 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). 3. This solicitation document incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 effective 1 October 2025, DFARS provisions and clauses in effect 11/10/2025, and DAFFARS provisions and clauses in effect 10/16/2024. Additionally, Revolutionary FAR Overhaul updates and DFARS deviations applicable to this solicitation are dated on or after 2/01/2026. 4. This procurement is being issued as a set aside for total small business. The North American Industry Classi?cation System Code is 561621 with a size standard of $25.0M 5. The right to make multiple or no award is reserved in the event it is advantageous to the Government to do so. 6. Davis-Monthan Air Force Base intends to award a ?rm-?xed price contract for the following and in accordance with the attached PWS: - CLIN 0001 - Technical Labor (QTY: 50) - CLIN 0002 - 548-51010-01 AE Vindicator Security Server (Srv 2019, SQL 2019) 5 CALS, 64GB RAM, RAID 1, 2U Rack Mnt (QTY: 1) - CLIN 0003 - 548-53000-11 AE VBM 3 Badge Manager Client Workstation (Win 10) Office 2016 Pro, 32GB RAM, RAID 1, 2U (QTY: 2) - CLIN 0004 - 512-34015-02 V5 ACS Firmware Upgrade (per device) (QTY: 5) 7. A site visit is scheduled for 08 April 2026, 12:30 pm PDT 8. All questions must be submitted by 09 April 2026, 5:00 PM, 12:30pm PDT 9. All quotes must be submitted via email by 17 April 2026, 11:30 am PDT 10. Quotes must, at a minimum, include the following information: Company Name, Company Address, CAGE Code, Small Business Type. Quotes must not exceed 4 pages (including cover page). 11. It is the responsibility of the quoter to review the posting for any changes or amendments that may occur concerning this RFQ. It is the responsibility of the quoter to ensure all quotes and/or questions are submitted in a timely manner by the speci?ed due date. 12. Points of Contact: Primary: Brian Jamian, Brian.jamian.2@us.af.mil 520) 228-2377 Alternate: Micky Hallman, micky.hallman.1@us.af.mil, (520) 228-2214 13. Attachments SOW - Finalv5.0_Redacted RFIs_QandA_Windows10_Vindicator RFIs_QandA_Windows10_Vindicator_2.0 JA-BNO - Vindicator IDS_ACS Windows 10 Upgrade_Redacted Wage Determination_12.03.2025 Provision and Clauses-FA487725QA042_Vindicator IDSACS Windows 10 Upgrade.2.0 Base Map 14. 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors identi?ed below shall be used to evaluate quotes: Technical Acceptability; Technical acceptability is de?ned and referred to within this solicitation document as the quoter’s capability to meet the de?ned characteristics of the product or required service. Price; Project Completion Timeline; Evaluation of past performance will not be conducted as part of this solicitation. Quoters are advised to present their best terms concerning price and technical capabilities in their initial quotes. The Government, however, reserves the right to engage in discussions with quoters if deemed necessary by the Contracting Officer at a later stage. Quotes that fail to provide required representations or essential information, or those that reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation, may be excluded from further consideration during the evaluation process. Options: Not Applicable to this requirement. A written notice of award or acceptance of a quote, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful quoter within the time for acceptance speci?ed in the quote, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the quote’s speci?ed expiration time, the Government may accept a quote (or part of a quote), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before the award. End of Provision 15. 5352.201-9101 ACC Ombudsman (Jul 2023) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict con?dentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the interested party to another official who can resolve the concern. Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must ?rst address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debrie?ngs, employee-employer actions, contests of OMB Circular A-76 competition performance decisions). If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, the interested party may contact the ombudsman, Deputy Director of Contracting, AFICC/KC (OL-ACC), 114 Thompson Street, Bldg. 586, Room 129, Langley AFB, VA 23665, telephone (757) 764-5372 (DSN 574-5372) email: acc.a7k1@us.af.mil. Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the Center/MAJCOM/DRU/SMC ombudsman level, may be brought by the interested party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1060, phone number (571) 256-2395, facsimile number (571) 256-2431. The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the contracting officer. (End of clause) 15. 5352.223-9000 Elimination of Use of Class I Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) As prescribed in DAFFARS 5323.804-90, insert the following clause in solicitations and contracts: ELIMINATION OF USE OF CLASS I OZONE DEPLETING SUBSTANCES (ODS) (JUN 2024) Contractors shall not: Provide any service or product with any speci?cation, standard, drawing, or other document that requires the use of a Class I ODS in the test, operation, or maintenance of any system, subsystem, item, component, or process; or Provide any speci?cation, standard, drawing, or other document that establishes a test, operation, or maintenance requirement that can only be met by use of a Class I ODS as part of this contract/order. a. For the purposes of Department of the Air Force policy, the following products that are pure (i.e., they meet the relevant product speci?cation identi?ed in AFI 32-7086) are Class I ODSs: Halons: 1011, 1202, 1211, 1301, and 2402; Chloro?uorocarbons (CFCs): CFC-11, CFC-12, CFC-13, CFC-111, CFC-112, CFC-113, CFC-114, CFC-115, CFC-211, CFC-212, CFC-213, CFC-214, CFC-215, CFC-216, and CFC-217, and the blends R-500, R-501, R-502, and R-503; and; Carbon Tetrachloride, Methyl Chloroform, and Methyl Bromide. [NOTE: Material that uses one or more of these Class I ODSs as minor constituents do not meet the Department of the Air Force de?nition of a Class I ODS.] End of clause

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Jamian
  - Email: brian.jamian.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5202282377
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Micky Hallman
  - Email: micky.hallman.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5202282214

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8e74a586d25742e5a7ab685bad5dbff0/view)