---
layout: default
title: Timber Cruise of Elmendorf Sale Units
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 73baa4972f3044fe9e94a4878fcdff7e
---

# Timber Cruise of Elmendorf Sale Units

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 17:27:22.101-04
- Solicitation Number: FA500026Q0017

## Summary

Sources Sought Timber Cruise for Elmendorf Sale Units at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson (JBER), Alaska THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) OR A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). This announcement constitutes a Sources Sought Synopsis (market survey). This is not an RFQ or RFP. This announcement is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, implied or otherwise, to issue a solicitation or award a contract. The Government will not pay for any cost incurred in responding to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this Sources Sought Synopsis shall be voluntary. IMPORTANT NOTES: NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals Submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary The Government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred When the Government does intend to post a solicitation, the solicitation and all associated documents will be posted on https://www.sam.gov Interested parties should register for the appropriate North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number associated with this requirement on https://www.sam.gov to ensure they automatically receive all updated document. 1. PURPOSE The 673d Contracting Squadron issues this Sources Sought Notice on behalf of the 673d Engineering Squadron (673 CES), to determine if there are existing small business sources capable of providing support for providing a certified Forester accredited by the Society of American Foresters to complete an on-site timber cruise and appraisal near the Elmendorf Airfield, JBER, Alaska (contract area). This Sources Sought is also to gain feedback, as well as receive questions from industry on our requirement and approach 2. SCOPE OF WORK The scope of work is to conduct a comprehensive timber cruise and appraisal of approximately 475 acres of merchantable timber at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Alaska. The key requirements are: Personnel: The work must be performed by a certified Forester accredited by the Society of American Foresters. Services: The contractor will perform a 20% cruise of the timbered areas, collecting detailed data on tree species, size, height, and grade. Deliverables: A final signed report must be submitted, which includes timber valuations, analysis of market conditions, methodology, and all raw data in a CSV format. Timeline: The performance period for the contract is ninety (90) days from the award date. The contractor is responsible for providing all necessary personnel, equipment, transportation, and management to complete the task according to the standards outlined in the document 3. NAICS CODES AND SIZE STANDARDS If your firm is considered a small business source under NAICS 115310, Support Activities for Forestry with a Small Business Size Standard of $11.5 Million, and you believe your firm would be able to provide the 673 CES with the service described in attachment DRAFT Performance Work Statement (PWS), please use submission instructions below. Other than small business concerns are also encouraged to submit capability statements to determine market capabilities. 4. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS Industry questions are encouraged to be submitted to Maureen Badey at maureen.badey.1@us.af.mil and SSgt Sean Leigh at sean.leigh.1@us.af.mil no later than 12:00 P.M. AKDT, Tuesday, 24 March 2026. The Government intends to post answers to questions received on https://sam.gov by 12:00 P.M. AKDT, Thursday, 26 March 2026. This will allow all potential vendors to review the questions and answers before submitting their Statement of Capabilities. 5. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS Vendors capable of providing the requested service are invited to submit a Statement of Capabilities to Maureen Badey via email at maureen.badey.1@us.af.mil and SSgt Sean Leigh at sean.leigh.1@us.af.mil by 12:00 p.m. AKDT, Tuesday, 31 March 2026. If you have any questions concerning this opportunity, please contact Maureen Badey at (907) 552-2469. If your organization has the potential capacity to provide these contract services, please provide the following information: Organization name Address Email address Web site address Telephone number Size and type of ownership for the organization Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort. The vendor shall include information about the company and demonstrate that it can meet all the minimum performance requirements. 6. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is for Market Research purposes only. The information submitted in response to the Sources Sought Notice will not be utilized to determine vendor standing in any future/potential RFQs/RFPs, nor will it be utilized to determine if a vendor is qualified to submit an RFQ/RFP for any future/potential requirement. The notice and the information received shall not be used to determine how well respondents can perform a requirement, which can only be evaluated in response to a solicitation. Vendors will not receive formal notification or feedback on any information submitted in this Sources Sought request. All future/proposed submissions/solicitations requirements solicited on a Government Point of Entry (GPE) (e.g., SAM.gov, GSA.gov) will be evaluated independent of any information submitted in response to this Sources Sought Notice. No vendor will be provided with information on solicitations issued on a GPE based on this Sources Sought request.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sean Leigh
  - Email: sean.leigh.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9075527537
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Maureen Badey
  - Email: maureen.badey.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9075522469

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement (PWS), please use submission instructions below. Other than small business concerns are also encouraged to submit capability statements to determine market capabilities. 4. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS Industry questions are encouraged to be submitted to Maureen Badey at maureen.badey.1@us.af.mil and SSgt Sean Leigh at sean.leigh.1@us.af.mil no later than 12:00 P.M. AKDT, Tuesday, 24 March 2026. The Government intends to post answers to questions received on https://sam.gov by 12:00 P.M. AKDT, Thursday, 26 March 2026. This will allow all potential vendors to review the questions and answers before submitting their Statement of Capabilities. 5. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS Vendors capable of providing the requested service are invited to submit a Statement of Capabilities to Maureen Badey via email at maureen.badey.1@us.af.mil and SSgt Sean Leigh at sean.leigh.1@us.af.mil by 12:00 p.m. AKDT, Tuesday, 31 March 2026. If you have any questions concerning this opportunity, please contact Maureen Badey at (907) 552-2469. If your organization has the potential capacity to provide these contract services, please provide the following information: Organization name Address Email address Web site address Telephone number Size and type of ownership for the organization Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort. The vendor shall include information about the company and demonstrate that it can meet all the minimum performance requirements. 6. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is for Market Research purposes only. The information submitted in response to the Sources Sought Notice will not be utilized to determine vendor standing in any future/potential RFQs/RFPs, nor will it be utilized to determine if a vendor is qualified to submit an RFQ/RFP for any future/potential requirement. The notice and the information received shall not be used to determine how well respondents can perform a requirement, which can only be evaluated in response to a solicitation. Vendors will not receive formal notification or feedback on any information submitted in this Sources Sought request. All future/proposed submissions/solicitations requirements solicited on a Government Point of Entry (GPE) (e.g., SAM.gov, GSA.gov) will be evaluated independent of any information submitted in response to this Sources Sought Notice. No vendor will be provided with information on solicitations issued on a GPE based on this Sources Sought request

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/73baa4972f3044fe9e94a4878fcdff7e/view)