---
layout: default
title: 155MM M795 Non-Destructive Testing Market Survey
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1681b08efe5b46e588451f1442ef3b4c
---

# 155MM M795 Non-Destructive Testing Market Survey

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 11:28:47.323-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN-26-X-1BFE

## Summary

IMPORTANT INFORMATION: This market survey is for informational and planning purposes only and shall NOT be construed as a Request for Proposal; therefore, no contract will be awarded from this announcement. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose other than market research. REQUIREMENT: The U.S. Army Contracting Command-New Jersey (ACC-NJ) on behalf of the Office of the Project Manager for Combat Ammunition Systems (PM CAS) both located at Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey is conducting market research to identify potential sources within the National Technology and Industrial Base (NTIB) , capable of manufacturing and delivering Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) Equipment capable of inspecting the 155mm Artillery M795 Metal Parts Assembly (hereafter referred to as “M795 Metal Parts”). The purpose of this market survey is to obtain current information on the capability of potential sources to deliver NDT equipment capable of inspecting M795 Metal Parts at a rate of no less than 5,000 per month. The 155mm M795 Metal Part is made from a high fragmentation steel alloy (HF-1), has a finished weight of approximately 75 lbs., is a forged metal part approximately 30 inches long, and has a curved exterior. In addition, the M795 utilizes a welded rotating band that encircles the body close to the base. NDT inspection methods are utilized to verify the M795 Metal Part is free from any discontinuities (cracks, piping defects, folds, etc.) and undersized wall thickness. Additionally, NDT inspection methods will be utilized to verify conformance to wall thickness variation requirements. All interested sources must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to provide a response. Responses shall include the following information for the Government’s review and assessment: a. Company's contact information including organization’s name, address, point of contact, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, business size, taxpayer identification number, Unique Entity ID and CAGE Code (as applicable); b. A summary that includes a brief description of the contractor's capabilities to include parent organizations, name/address/point of contact identification/email address, capabilities; c. Past inspection experience with artillery metal parts (155mm) or similar scope(s) of work with respect to the size and thickness of artillery projectiles within the last 10 years; d. A description of the proposed inspection method and evidence of the ability to provide 100% volumetric coverage for the M795 Metal Part utilizing an automated system. Responses should address the capability to conduct modeling and simulation to verify both the coverage of the system through the entire volume and the ability to detect various flaws; e. Evidence of the ability to deliver a complete inspection system, inclusive of the software and electro-mechanical components, capable of operating within a high-rate industrial production environment. The response should address the ability to develop a system where the inspection, data collection, data interpretation, and final accept/reject disposition is automated with the ability to be stored for a defined period of time; f. A description, and or evidence, of the ability to support maintenance, training, and technical support contracts with prime manufacturers; g. Identify the projected delivery capabilities and lead times for the delivery of M795 Metal Part NDT inspection systems. Responses should identify the key pieces of equipment and software packages required to inspect the product in conformance with the technical data package; h. A description of facilities, equipment including key specifications or capabilities, personnel, past experience inspecting product at high production rates, and possible partnering/teaming arrangements. Responses should include how the aforementioned factors relate to the NDT inspection requirements of M795 Metal Parts; i. Provide a rough order magnitude (ROM) cost to achieve the capability to meet minimum capacity of 5,000 per month in accordance with requirements contained in this announcement. ROM shall include total estimated cost to achieve capability at capacity, estimated costs associated with non-recurring engineering (NRE), and total estimated equipment costs. j. Is a commercially available product offered, or one that can be modified, that would meet the Government’s need for NDT inspections on a M795 Metal Part; Responses shall not exceed 15 pages in length and should provide sufficient detail for the U.S. Government to make a reasonable assessment regarding your company’s capability to produce this item at the required rate. NO CLASSIFIED information shall be submitted. Please identify any proprietary information submitted. All information provided will not be returned and will be held in confidential status. The Technical Data Package (TDP) for the M795 Metal Parts is available for informational purposes upon request and receipt of all required documents. Technical data is marked Distribution D; therefore, data distribution is only authorized to the Department of Defense (DoD) and U.S. DoD contractors. Foreign sources may receive the technical data pending PM CAS approval. PM CAS reserves the right to deny the release of technical data to any source at its discretion. DoD and U.S. DoD contractors interested in receiving a copy of the TDP are required to submit a signed and completed DD Form 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement; AMSTA-AR Form 1350, Technical Data Request Questionnaire; and Non-Disclosure Agreement for the Government's consideration. Interested sources shall not reproduce, duplicate, or copy the TDPs, or any portion thereof, except to the extent necessary for, and then only in connection with the preparation and/or submission of a capability statement related to this sources sought notice. This rule applies to distribution of the TDPs to all subcontractors at every level. Upon completion of the purposes for which Government Technical Data has been provided, the contractor is required to destroy all documents, including all reproductions, duplications, or copies thereof as may have been further distributed by the contractor. Destruction of this Technical data shall be accomplished by: shredding, pulping, burning, or melting any physical copies of the TDP and/or deletion or removal of downloaded TDP files from computer drives and electronic devices, and any copies of those files. Within three days after this notice expires, the contractor will notify the point of contact confirming destruction of all Government-provided technical data and certify that no copies were retained. NAICS/Business Information: The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 334519 (Other Measuring and Controlling Devices Manufacturing with Small Business Size Standard of 600 employees. The Product Service Code is 6635 (Physical Properties Testing and Inspection). Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. Responses shall be submitted within three weeks from the date of this announcement and shall be sent to US Army Contracting Command, Attention: Yery Ysabel at yery.j.ysabel.civ@army.mil and Christopher Brown at christopher.w.brown7.civ@army.mil. Phone inquiries will not be accepted/addressed. Point of contacts for this action are: Yery Ysabel and Christopher Brown

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Yery Ysabel
  - Email: yery.j.ysabel.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher W. Brown
  - Email: christopher.w.brown7.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1681b08efe5b46e588451f1442ef3b4c/view)