---
layout: default
title: USFS California State Regional Vault Toilet and Septic Pumping IDIQ
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: ae19c391ee754cb8bdffb507d5608b75
---

# USFS California State Regional Vault Toilet and Septic Pumping IDIQ

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 18:12:51.688-04
- Solicitation Number: 127EAS26R0003

## Summary

This is a pre-solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12 that includes the following Deviation(s): (1) This solicitation uses and requires completion of the SF 1449 as part of the offeror responsive determination. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. All contractors interested in responding to this solicitation must have an Active Registration in SAM.gov with a current UEI number at the time of offer/quote submittal. (1) Action Code. Pre-Solicitation Notice. (2) Posting Date. 03/11/2026 (3) Project Title/Subject. USFS California State Regional Vault Toilet and Septic Pumping IDIQ (4) Description. The U.S. Forest Service (USFS), Pacific Southwest Region, intends to issue a full and open competitive Request for Proposals (RFP) for vault toilet pumping, septic tank pumping, portable toilet servicing, and associated inspection and cleaning services across the National Forests of California. Requirement details are contained in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). The Government anticipates awarding a multiple?award, firm?fixed?price Indefinite?Delivery, Indefinite?Quantity (IDIQ) contract with one base period and four option periods. IDIQ task orders will include recurring and as?needed pumping, cleaning, hauling, disposal, and inspection tasks. To ensure full regional coverage—including remote and hard?to?access service locations—the Government intends to award a diverse mix of both large and small business contractors. Award decisions will be based on technical merit, past performance, capability to service geographically remote locations, and price. (5) North American Industry Classification Standard (NAICS) Code. 562991, Septic Tank and Related Services The small business size standard is $8M (6) Product or Service Code (PSC). S222, Housekeeping- Waste Treatment/Storage (7) Delivery Location. Services will be performed at Forest Service recreation and administrative sites throughout the Pacific Southwest Region, across eight geographic zones and their associated National Forests and Ranger Districts as listed in the Geographic Locations attachment. Offerors may submit proposals for one or more geographic service areas. Several service sites are remote and located on paved, gravel, or dirt roads, requiring high?clearance or snow?capable vehicles. (8) Solicitation Number. 127EAS26R0003 is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP). Anticipated posting date is 03/27/2026. (9) Line-Item Number. Multiple CLINs for pumping, cleaning, inspection, and mileage reimbursement. Offerors must price each period of performance. See the schedule of items in attachments. Offerors shall complete pricing for each service period on the respective tabs. (10) Set-aside Status. This acquisition will be solicited under full and open competition. The Government intends to make multiple awards to a combination of large and small business offerors to ensure reliable performance across remote and diverse service areas. (11) Closing Response Date. 04/26/2026, 2359 PT. (12) Cutoff for Questions. 04/19/2026, 23:59 PT Submit inquires to both klenise.wallace@usda.gov and victor.aguirreorozco@usda.gov. (13) Virtual Contractor Meeting (not mandatory). No Physical Site Visit. The Forest Service will not conduct an in?person site visit for this requirement. However, the Government will host a virtual Microsoft Teams meeting to allow interested contractors to meet with the Contracting Officer and technical representatives, receive general clarifications regarding the requirement, and ask high?level questions. Venue: Day/Date: Wednesday, 03/18/2026 Time: 1030 PCT (1130 MST/ 1230 CT / 1330 EST) Link/Phone: Microsoft Teams meeting Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/24606646251540?p=9xWuXV7mbuPsiM1Ipl Meeting ID: 246 066 462 515 40 Dial in by phone +1 970-812-0909,,997965945# United States, Grand Junction Find a local number Phone conference ID: 997 965 945# Participation is optional and non?mandatory, and no contractor?specific guidance or evaluation feedback will be provided. The virtual meeting details, including the date, time, and Teams link, will be included in the solicitation posting and provided through a SAM.gov update. Contractors are encouraged to review all solicitation materials prior to the call and to submit any formal questions in writing by the established question cutoff date in accordance with Section 12 of this notice. (14) Contact Point or Contracting Officer. Klenise Wallace, Klenise.wallace@usda.gov. All questions pertaining to this upcoming solicitation must be submitted in writing, via email to this contact. (15) Contracting Office Address. 333 Broadway Blvd. SE, Albuquerque, NM 87102 This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (16) Additional Considerations. Solicitation Terms and Conditions will be included as Attachment J1 for applicable clauses, instructions, and evaluation criteria. Section L – Clarifying Mixed Large/Small Award Strategy Offerors are advised that the Government intends to make awards to a combination of large and small businesses in order to ensure adequate coverage across all remote and difficult?to?access geographic zones. All responsible offerors may compete under this full and open competition. Section M – Evaluation Factor Consideration The evaluation will consider the offeror’s demonstrated capacity to service remote districts, their geographic coverage approach, and the Government’s objective to establish a balanced pool of contractors including both large and small businesses. Tips for Submission. a. Read the solicitation carefully and ensure that proposals include all documents specified in Attachment 1. b. Ensure all questions have been addressed prior to quoter/offer/proposal submission. c. Ensure all email subject lines include the solicitation number (at item 8), the contractor’s name and purpose (e.g. Questions, 127EAS25R0001, ABC Company) -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Contract award information will be provided under an Award Notice via SAM.gov after the Government completes evaluation of quotes/offers if a Best Value Determination can be made. The contract award notice will contain only the following: (17) Contract Award Date. The anticipated award date is 05/15/2026 (18) Contract Type. Anticipated award is a Multiple Award IDIQ (19) Contract Award Dollar Amount. To be determined following evaluation of competitive proposals. (20) Contract Award Number. To be determined following evaluation of competitive proposals. (21) Contractor. To be determined following evaluation of competitive proposals.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Klenise Wallace
  - Email: klenise.wallace@usda.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Victor Aguirre-Orozzco
  - Email: victor.aguirreorozco@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for applicable clauses, instructions, and evaluation criteria. Section L – Clarifying Mixed Large/Small Award Strategy Offerors are advised that the Government intends to make awards to a combination of large and small businesses in order to ensure adequate coverage across all remote and difficult?to?access geographic zones. All responsible offerors may compete under this full and open competition. Section M – Evaluation Factor Consideration The evaluation will consider the offeror’s demonstrated capacity to service remote districts, their geographic coverage approach, and the Government’s objective to establish a balanced pool of contractors including both large and small businesses. Tips for Submission. a. Read the solicitation carefully and ensure that proposals include all documents specified in Attachment 1. b. Ensure all questions have been addressed prior to quoter/offer/proposal submission. c. Ensure all email subject lines include the solicitation number (at item 8), the contractor’s name and purpose (e.g. Questions, 127EAS25R0001, ABC Company) -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Contract award information will be provided under an Award Notice via SAM.gov after the Government completes evaluation of quotes/offers if a Best Value Determination can be made. The contract award notice will contain only the following: (17) Contract Award Date. The anticipated award date is 05/15/2026 (18) Contract Type. Anticipated award is a Multiple Award IDIQ (19) Contract Award Dollar Amount. To be determined following evaluation of competitive proposals. (20) Contract Award Number. To be determined following evaluation of competitive proposals. (21) Contractor. To be determined following evaluation of competitive proposals

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ae19c391ee754cb8bdffb507d5608b75/view)