---
layout: default
title: USBP Sumas Horse Boarding Services
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 17d2888e3cf84c71858ab6c1e9cbc554
---

# USBP Sumas Horse Boarding Services

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 12:52:07.357-04
- Solicitation Number: 20155873

## Summary

The purpose of Amendment 2 to Notice ID 20155873 is the following: Reopen the solicitation due to no responsive acceptable quotations being received at a fair market price. Quoters are encouraged to review solicitation requirements again to ensure that any resubmitted quotations meet all SOW requirements. Sufficient information must be submitted for a technical evaluation to be made by the Government to determine if the quoter's quotation meets the minimum requirements of the SOW. Additionally, all solicitation terms and conditions must be complied with {for example, the requirement to have an active Federal Government contracts registration in the System for Award Management (SAM)}. The quotation submission deadline is hereby extended until Tuesday, March 31, 2026 at 5:00 PM Eastern Time. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. _________________________________________________________________________________________________ The purpose of Amendment 1 to Notice ID 20155873 is to accomplish the following: 1. Provide a question and answer (Q&A) document in response to solicitation questions. The Q&A document titled “2.4.1_Sol_A1_Questions and Answers_20155873” has been uploaded. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ This is a solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) FAR 12.201-1, Simplified procedures. The solicitation number is 20155873 and is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This proposed contract action is a total small business set-aside. The product service code (PSC) is R416 {Support- Professional: Veterinary/Animal Care} and the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 115210 {Support Activities for Animal Production} with a small business size standard of $11.0M. Please see solicitation Attachment 3 for a list of the solicitation provisions and contract clauses that apply to this acquisition. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), U.S. Border Patrol (USBP) Blaine Horse Patrol Unit has a requirement for caretaking and boarding services of four (4) horses. The contractor’s horse boarding facility must be within twenty (20) miles driving distance of 9648 Garrison Road Sumas, Washington 98295. Full requirements are outlined within the attached Statement of Work (SOW) (solicitation Attachment 1). A. QUESTION DEADLINE: Please submit any questions concerning this solicitation at the earliest time possible to enable the Government to respond. Questions must be submitted directly by email only to benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. No phone calls. Questions not received by the question submission deadline of Friday, February 13, 2026 at 5:00 PM Eastern Time (ET) may not be considered. B. QUOTATION SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: The deadline for receipt of quotations for this requirement is: Friday, February 20, 2026 at 5:00 PM ET. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. Quotation submissions must be submitted by email only to Contracting Officer Benjamin Dorgan at: benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. Subject line of the email should read: “Response to RFQ 20155873: USBP Sumas Horse Boarding Services”. Pricing submitted must be for all services required and must be valid for at least 30 calendar days after close of the solicitation. THE FOLLOWING ITEMS SHALL BE SUBMITTED WITH EACH QUOTATION: A typed summary that addresses the technical and management approach to meet the requirements listed in the Statement of Work (SOW). A completed copy of solicitation Attachment 2 (Quotation Pricing Sheet). Quoters must provide their business name and System for Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity Identification (UEI) number. Pricing may be submitted in an alternative separate document; however, pricing must match the structure of the quotation pricing sheet and alternative structures will be rejected. Relevant past performance information should also be submitted including three (3) references for the same or similar work performed for government and/or private clients. Each quoter must provide any relevant NON-PRICING responses so that they are received no later than the closing date and time for this solicitation. A quoter must submit sufficient information for a technical evaluation to be made by the Government to determine if the quoter's quotation meets the minimum requirements of the SOW. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for acquiring any additional information. If description/technical data/specifications are not sufficient to make a technical acceptance decision, the quotation may be determined technically unacceptable. Emailed submissions must be in separate attachments and clearly indicate what is being provided. The following criteria must be followed when submitting quotation attachments: No more than five (5) single-sided pages total for. TECHNICAL AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH. No more than three (3) single-sided pages total for PAST PERFORMANCE. Due to restrictions on the size of email, ensure that all emails submitted are less than 35MB. If the quotation exceeds 35MB, please separate the submission into multiple emails and include in the subject line the solicitation number and # of # emails. Any electronic submission determined to contain a virus will be deleted and not viewed or accepted for consideration under this solicitation. C. PROCEDURES FOR AWARD Quotations that do not respond to all requirements in the solicitation may be rejected without further evaluation, deliberation, or discussion. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions. The Government will award a Purchase Order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government and whose quote is the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable (LPTA). The quote with the lowest evaluated price will be evaluated for technical acceptability and acceptable past performance. Only if that quote is found to be technically unacceptable or to have unacceptable past performance will the evaluation proceed to the quote with the next lowest evaluated price. This process will continue until the lowest priced technically acceptable quote, with acceptable past performance, is found. For this solicitation, the evaluation factors are: TECHNICAL AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH (non-price), PAST PERFORMANCE (non-price), and PRICE. The anticipated award date for this requirement is within 30 days after the close date of this solicitation. D. SOLICITATION ATTACHMENTS: Statement of Work (SOW) Quotation Pricing Sheet Applicable Solicitation Provisions and Contract Clauses Applicable U.S. Department of Labor Wage Determination: Washington County of Whatcom

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Benjamin Dorgan
  - Email: benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for a list of the solicitation provisions and contract clauses that apply to this acquisition. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), U.S. Border Patrol (USBP) Blaine Horse Patrol Unit has a requirement for caretaking and boarding services of four (4) horses. The contractor’s horse boarding facility must be within twenty (20) miles driving distance of 9648 Garrison Road Sumas, Washington 98295. Full requirements are outlined within the attached Statement of Work (SOW) (solicitation Attachment 1). A. QUESTION DEADLINE: Please submit any questions concerning this solicitation at the earliest time possible to enable the Government to respond. Questions must be submitted directly by email only to benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. No phone calls. Questions not received by the question submission deadline of Friday, February 13, 2026 at 5:00 PM Eastern Time (ET) may not be considered. B. QUOTATION SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: The deadline for receipt of quotations for this requirement is: Friday, February 20, 2026 at 5:00 PM ET. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. Quotation submissions must be submitted by email only to Contracting Officer Benjamin Dorgan at: benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. Subject line of the email should read: “Response to RFQ 20155873: USBP Sumas Horse Boarding Services”. Pricing submitted must be for all services required and must be valid for at least 30 calendar days after close of the solicitation. THE FOLLOWING ITEMS SHALL BE SUBMITTED WITH EACH QUOTATION: A typed summary that addresses the technical and management approach to meet the requirements listed in the Statement of Work (SOW). A completed copy of solicitation Attachment 2 (Quotation Pricing Sheet). Quoters must provide their business name and System for Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity Identification (UEI) number. Pricing may be submitted in an alternative separate document; however, pricing must match the structure of the quotation pricing sheet and alternative structures will be rejected. Relevant past performance information should also be submitted including three (3) references for the same or similar work performed for government and/or private clients. Each quoter must provide any relevant NON-PRICING responses so that they are received no later than the closing date and time for this solicitation. A quoter must submit sufficient information for a technical evaluation to be made by the Government to determine if the quoter"s quotation meets the minimum requirements of the SOW. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for acquiring any additional information. If description/technical data/specifications are not sufficient to make a technical acceptance decision, the quotation may be determined technically unacceptable. Emailed submissions must be in separate attachments and clearly indicate what is being provided. The following criteria must be followed when submitting quotation attachments: No more than five (5) single-sided pages total for. TECHNICAL AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH. No more than three (3) single-sided pages total for PAST PERFORMANCE. Due to restrictions on the size of email, ensure that all emails submitted are less than 35MB. If the quotation exceeds 35MB, please separate the submission into multiple emails and include in the subject line the solicitation number and # of # emails. Any electronic submission determined to contain a virus will be deleted and not viewed or accepted for consideration under this solicitation. C. PROCEDURES FOR AWARD Quotations that do not respond to all requirements in the solicitation may be rejected without further evaluation, deliberation, or discussion. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions. The Government will award a Purchase Order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government and whose quote is the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable (LPTA). The quote with the lowest evaluated price will be evaluated for technical acceptability and acceptable past performance. Only if that quote is found to be technically unacceptable or to have unacceptable past performance will the evaluation proceed to the quote with the next lowest evaluated price. This process will continue until the lowest priced technically acceptable quote, with acceptable past performance, is found. For this solicitation, the evaluation factors are: TECHNICAL AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH (non-price), PAST PERFORMANCE (non-price), and PRICE. The anticipated award date for this requirement is within 30 days after the close date of this solicitation. D. SOLICITATION ATTACHMENTS: Statement of Work (SOW) Quotation Pricing Sheet Applicable Solicitation Provisions and Contract Clauses Applicable U.S. Department of Labor Wage Determination: Washington County of Whatcom

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/17d2888e3cf84c71858ab6c1e9cbc554/view)