---
layout: default
title: Engine Cylinder Head Replacement
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: eb96f003d9ca4e8a9ffeab93a9a05dae
---

# Engine Cylinder Head Replacement

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 11:04:09.337-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000PR260023559

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Commercial Services *Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Commercial Services Solicitation Number: 52000PR260023559 (Request For Quote - RFQ) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services, prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6 of the FAR and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-87, effective, 7 March 2016. It is anticipated that a competitive price purchase order shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by this agency. Agency: U.S. Coast Guard, Surface Forces Logistics Center (SFLC) Contract Type: Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order Set-Aside Information: This solicitation is for a Small Business Evaluation Criteria: Quotes will be evaluated based on the following factors: Technical Capability: The offeror’s ability to perform the services described in the Performance Work Statement. Past Performance: The offeror’s record of relevant and recent past performance. Price: Fair and reasonable pricing. Point of Contact for Questions: For any questions regarding this solicitation, please contact: Contracting questions Contracting Officer: Joshua Richardson Email: Joshua.C.Richardson2@uscg.mil Technical questions: Michael Mchale Submission of Quotes: Quotes must be submitted via email to Joshua.C.Richardson2@uscg.mil. The subject line of the email should include the solicitation number: 52000PR260023559. Performance Work Statement (PWS) / Statement of Work (SOW) REQUIREMENTS: (1each) Series 60 MTU STBD Engine, NSN: 2895-01-590-7303 S/N: 06R1048667 DESCRIPTION: A commercial diesel technician experienced in the overhaul and repair of the USCG Series 60 engines used on the 45’ Response Boat Medium shall provide labor and consumable parts to perform the repair of the Starboard engine for hull# 45685. The technician shall provide the required credentials to access the US Government facility. SCOPE OF WORK/SPECIFIC TASKS: Series 60 Engine technician to provide labor and consumable parts for the following repair on the Starboard 45685 for the Series 60 engine: Drain the coolant from the engine. Remove the valve cover and gasket. Remove ECM. Remove Exhaust Manifold and Exhaust Riser. Remove Injectors from Cylinder Head. Remove Rocker Arm Assemblies. Remove Camshaft. Remove Cylinder Head. Thoroughly clean area of all debris. Install government furnished cylinder head gasket kit. Install new government furnished Cylinder Head and torque to MTU requirements. Re-install exhaust manifold with new government furnished gasket. Install the exhaust riser to manifold pipe. Adjust Cylinder Head exhaust valves and injector timing IAW MTU requirements. Re-install valve cover and gasket. Start engine and check for leaks and proper operation. After engine is up to operating temperatures perform sea trials to ensure repairs are satisfactory. Deliverables: Report/Service Completion: The contractor shall provide a final report or certificate of inspection upon completion of services. Due Date: All services must be completed and deliverables submitted by [Date]. Place of Performance: Services shall be performed at: USCG Station Pensacola, FL 21 Slemmer Ave Pensacola, FL 32508 Period of Performance: The period of performance shall be from [Start Date] through [End Date]. Work shall be performed Monday through Friday between the hours of 7:00 AM to 1:00 PM, unless otherwise coordinated with the Point of Contact. Invoicing Invoicing in IPP: It is now a requirement that all invoicing for Purchase Orders will now be entered and processed through https://www.ipp.gov. FAR Clauses This order is subject to but is not limited to the following Federal Acquisition Regulations: 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities. 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (formerly Service Contract Act). (Required for service contracts over $2,500). 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires. 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards—Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts). 52.237-2 Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua Richardson
  - Email: joshua.c.richardson2@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/eb96f003d9ca4e8a9ffeab93a9a05dae/view)