---
layout: default
title: Bat Guano Remediation
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 276c83662d834d35bb771b9e02e8552d
---

# Bat Guano Remediation

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 16:32:40.255-04
- Solicitation Number: FA469026Q0006

## Summary

Amendment 0005 is published 12 March 26 - The purpose of Amendment 0005 (attached) is to: 1. Extend the proposal due date from 27 February 2026 to 19 March 2026 at 1:30 pm MDT. 2. Revise the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 Instruction to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 3. Revise the Addendum to FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 4. All other terms and conditions remain the same. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0004 is published 25 Feb 26 - The purpose of Amendment 0004 (attached) is to: 1. Extend the proposal due date from 26 February 2026 to 27 February 2026 at 1:30 pm MDT. 2. Add the following attachments: Attachment 6 - Bat Guano Remediation Additional Questions and Answers. 3. All other terms and conditions remain the same. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0003 is published 20 Feb 26 - The purpose of Amendment 0003 (attached) is to: 1. Provide Questions and Answers proposed by contractors during the site visit held on 9 February 2026. 2. Add the following attachments: Attachment 3 - Dorm Floor Plans; Attachment 4 - Bat Guano Attic Pictures; Attachment 5 - Bat Guano Remediation Questions and Answers 3. The proposal due date remains 26 February 2026 at 1:30pm MDT. 4. All other terms and conditions remain the same. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0002 is published 11 Feb 26 - The purpose of Amendment 0002 (attached) is to: 1. Extend the proposal due date from 16 February 2026 to 26 February 2026 at 1:30 pm MDT. 2. All other terms and conditions remain the same. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0001 is published 5 Feb 26 - The purpose of Amendment 0001 (attached) is to: 1. Correct the date of the site visit from Wednesday, 9 February 2026 at 9:30 am MDT to Monday, 9 February 2026 at 9:30 am MDT. 2. All other terms and conditions remain the same. Please reach out to SrA Vaishali Upadhyay at vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil for site visit information. ------------------------------------------------------------------- The 28th Contracting Squadron, Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota has issued this solicitation FA469026Q0006, to compete and award a single Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract using FAR Part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Items and FAR Part 13 - Simplified Acquisition Procedures for the 28 Civil Engineering Squadron. The projected period of performance will begin on the start date coordinated with the Government within 15 calendar days of award, and work shall be completed within 45 calendar days from that agreed upon start date. This will be a 100% Small Business set aside solicited under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 561720 - Janitorial Services with a size standard of $22M. To be eligible to compete for Small Business set-aside awards, vendors must be certified in accordance with current Small Business Administration (SBA) regulations. The following are attached to this Solicitation Notice: SF1449_FA469026Q0006 PWS Bat Guano Remediation_21Nov2025 WD 2015-5367 Rev 30 - 03Dec2025 A site visit has been scheduled for Monday, 9 February 2026 at 9:30 am MDT. Please reach out to Vaishali Upadhyay at vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil for site visit information. All questions and comments on this Solicitation must be submitted in writing to vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil no later than 18 February 2026 by 1:30 pm MDT. Please title all emails with questions with the following subject line: "FA469026Q0006_Solicitation_Bat Guano Remediation" All interested and responsible entities are invited to submit a quote that will be considered by the 28th Contracting Office at Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota. The award will be based on the criteria established in the solicitation. Quotes are due to be submitted no later than 19 March 2026 at 1:30pm MDT to vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil and jason.wright.30@us.af.mil. Please title all submissions with the following subject line: "FA469026Q0006_Solicitation_Bat Guano Remediation". Small Business contractors submitting a quote must have and list within the quote the vendors assigned cage code and be registered and active in the System of Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov to recieve and award for this procurement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Vaishali Upadhyay
  - Email: vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6053851741
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jason Wright
  - Email: jason.wright.30@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6053851744

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Bat Guano Remediation Additional Questions and Answers. 3. All other terms and conditions remain the same. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0003 is published 20 Feb 26 - The purpose of Amendment 0003 (attached) is to: 1. Provide Questions and Answers proposed by contractors during the site visit held on 9 February 2026. 2. Add the following attachments: Attachment 3 - Dorm Floor Plans; Attachment 4 - Bat Guano Attic Pictures; Attachment 5 - Bat Guano Remediation Questions and Answers 3. The proposal due date remains 26 February 2026 at 1:30pm MDT. 4. All other terms and conditions remain the same. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0002 is published 11 Feb 26 - The purpose of Amendment 0002 (attached) is to: 1. Extend the proposal due date from 16 February 2026 to 26 February 2026 at 1:30 pm MDT. 2. All other terms and conditions remain the same. ------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0001 is published 5 Feb 26 - The purpose of Amendment 0001 (attached) is to: 1. Correct the date of the site visit from Wednesday, 9 February 2026 at 9:30 am MDT to Monday, 9 February 2026 at 9:30 am MDT. 2. All other terms and conditions remain the same. Please reach out to SrA Vaishali Upadhyay at vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil for site visit information. ------------------------------------------------------------------- The 28th Contracting Squadron, Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota has issued this solicitation FA469026Q0006, to compete and award a single Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract using FAR Part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Items and FAR Part 13 - Simplified Acquisition Procedures for the 28 Civil Engineering Squadron. The projected period of performance will begin on the start date coordinated with the Government within 15 calendar days of award, and work shall be completed within 45 calendar days from that agreed upon start date. This will be a 100% Small Business set aside solicited under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 561720 - Janitorial Services with a size standard of $22M. To be eligible to compete for Small Business set-aside awards, vendors must be certified in accordance with current Small Business Administration (SBA) regulations. The following are attached to this Solicitation Notice: SF1449_FA469026Q0006 PWS Bat Guano Remediation_21Nov2025 WD 2015-5367 Rev 30 - 03Dec2025 A site visit has been scheduled for Monday, 9 February 2026 at 9:30 am MDT. Please reach out to Vaishali Upadhyay at vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil for site visit information. All questions and comments on this Solicitation must be submitted in writing to vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil no later than 18 February 2026 by 1:30 pm MDT. Please title all emails with questions with the following subject line: "FA469026Q0006_Solicitation_Bat Guano Remediation" All interested and responsible entities are invited to submit a quote that will be considered by the 28th Contracting Office at Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota. The award will be based on the criteria established in the solicitation. Quotes are due to be submitted no later than 19 March 2026 at 1:30pm MDT to vaishali.upadhyay.1@us.af.mil and jason.wright.30@us.af.mil. Please title all submissions with the following subject line: "FA469026Q0006_Solicitation_Bat Guano Remediation". Small Business contractors submitting a quote must have and list within the quote the vendors assigned cage code and be registered and active in the System of Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov to recieve and award for this procurement

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/276c83662d834d35bb771b9e02e8552d/view)