---
layout: default
title: USP Canaan Front Lobby Door Supply
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4aadc4a47d5a4c88807d72ad555156cc
---

# USP Canaan Front Lobby Door Supply

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 13:24:10.396-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B21526PR000181

## Summary

(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.201-1, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested. (ii) Solicitation number 15B21526PR000181 is issued as a request for quest (RFQ), for USP Canaan Front Lobby Door Supply (iii) This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 (iv) This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. The NAICS associated with this Solicitation is 332321, with a size standard of 750 employees. (v) A list of line item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable) See attached SF-18 Request for Quote Document (vi) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102). See attached “USP CAA Front Lobby Door Area Requested Specifications.docx” for requirements (viii) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the provision. The following provisions and clauses are applicable: 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services Award will be given to the responsible Quoter(s) whose quote conforms to the requirements and is determined to provide the best value to the Government, considering the evaluation factors outlined below. Price - The government will evaluate the Quoter’s proposed price to ensure it is fair and reasonable Past Performance – A record of poor performance due to failure to deliver items within the expected delivery time period, requests to remove an item from a signed purchase order on previous awards, requests to disregard or cancel a signed purchase order, or poor quality may result in a poor performance rating. Lead/Delivery Time- Preference will be given to vendors capable of accommodating the agency lead time of 16 weeks for delivery The Government will evaluate the Offeror’s past performance/experience on a Go/No-Go basis. Only Offerors receiving a "Go" rating under this factor will be considered eligible for award. 52.27-103-72 DOJ CONTRACTOR RESIDENCY REQUIREMENT BUREAU OF PRISONS (JUNE 2004) 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018) 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (Aug 2020) 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (Dec 2014) 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) 52.224-2 Privacy Act (Apr 1984) 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies (Oct 2022) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.237-2 Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (Apr 1984) 52.240-1 Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered Foreign Entities (Nov 2024) 52.253-1 Computer Generated Forms (Jan 1991) DOJ-08 Continuing Contract Performance During a Pandemic Influenza or other National Emergency (OCT 2007) 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (Jan 2011) 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015) 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) 52.222-3 Convict Labor (June 2003) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan 2025) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (Oct 2025) 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies To Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) 52.233-3 Protest after Award (Aug 1996) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) 2852.201-70 Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) (NOV 2020) 2852.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions, Commercial Items (FAR Deviation) (NOV 2020) DOJ-01 Whistleblower Information Distribution (Oct 2021) DOJ-02 Contractor Privacy Requirements (JAN 2022) DOJ-03 Personnel Security Requirements For Contractor Employees (Nov 2021) DOJ-05 Security of Department Information and Systems (OCT 2023) DOJ-07 Prohibition On Access By Non-U.S. Citizens To DOJ IT Systems (MAR 2002) 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Nov 2024) 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (Aug 2020) 52.204-22 Alternative Line Item Proposal (Jan 2017) 52.204-29 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Representation and Disclosures (Dec 2023) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) 52.237-1 Site Visit (Apr 1984) 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements--Representation (Jan 2017) 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Oct 2025) 52.212-3 (DEV) Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (May 2024) (DEVIATION FEB 2025) 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Certification (May 2014) 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate (Oct 2022) 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran--Representation and Certifications (Jun 2020) 52.240-90 (DEV) Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.246-21 Warranty of Construction (vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. The completed solicitation package (inclusive of past performance/experience and SF-18) must be returned no later than 12:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on April 22, 2026. Vendors shall submit package only to: Chris Ficken, Contract Specialist, Email: cficken@bop.gov No fax, hand delivered, or mail-in quotes will be accepted. Please be sure to read the solicitation, USP CAA Front Lobby Door Area Requested Specifications attachment, SF-18, clauses and provisions and delivery schedule. If the answer is addressed in those documents you will not receive a response. Site Visit: Coordination for any site visit will be scheduled through USP Canaan Facilities Assistant Amber Hamilton at (570)-488-8277, A1hamilton@bop.gov. A site visit is scheduled for April 8, 2026, at 12:00 PM EST. The website for USP Canaan can be found at: https://www.bop.gov/locations/institutions/caa/." Questions and Answers: All Q&A submissions must be sent via email to Chris Ficken at (cficken@bop.gov). No call or fax submissions will be accepted. All documents must be sent in PDF format. All Q&A submissions must be turned into this email no later than April 9, 2026, at 12:00 PM EST. Any late submissions are subject to not being accepted. (viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). Any and all information will be posted to the General Services Administration, SAM.Gov website: www.sam.gov. All future information about this acquisition, including amendments, awards and cancellations will also be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation All responsible sources may submit a quotation, as appropriate, which will be considered by the Bureau of Prisons. Any subsequent award will require acceptance in the form of a signature by the contractor 48 hours after the signed purchase order has been delivered to the contractor. In accordance with FAR 12.201-1 (b), this contracting officer has determined this acquisition appropriate to require acceptance in writing. “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include: •52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and •52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, paragraph (d). Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Chris Ficken
  - Email: cficken@bop.gov
  - Phone: 5704888031
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph Kozuch
  - Email: jkozuch@bop.gov
  - Phone: 5704888132

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4aadc4a47d5a4c88807d72ad555156cc/view)