---
layout: default
title: Refrigerators & Freezers for Bakersfield CBOC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 4f273c6088ee4cf280accae48a1bde01
---

# Refrigerators & Freezers for Bakersfield CBOC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 10:29:29.008-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24W26Q0102

## Summary

DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. This RFI is for BRAND NAME OR EQUAL Helmer Scientific Refrigerators and Freezer specified for the VA Bakersfield Clinic, Bakersfield CA. This is a Sources Sought notice and not a request for quotes. This request is solely for the purpose of conducting market research to enhance VHA s understanding of your company s offered services and capabilities. The Government will not pay any costs for responses submitted in response to this Source Sought Notice. This Sources Sought notice provides an opportunity for respondents to submit their capability and availability to provide the service requirement described below. Vendors are being invited to submit information relative to their potential to fulfill this requirement, in the form of a capability response that addresses the specific requirement identified in this Sources Sought. This Sources Sought is to facilitate the Contracting Officer a review of the market base, for acquisition planning, size determination, and procurement strategy. The requirement NAICS 334516, Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing, PSC 4110 Refrigeration Equipment. Please subject Title the email as follows: Sources Sought 36C24W26Q0102 Refrigerators and Freezers General Requirements: Brand name or equal commercial supplies of the Helmer Scientific Refrigerators and Freezers in accordance with the following requirements stated in the Statement of Work (SOW): STATEMENT OF WORK INTRODUCTION: The purpose of this Statement of Work (SOW) is to outline the tasks and responsibilities of the vendor in supplying biological refrigerators and freezers for the Bakersfield VA Clinic within VISN22 for VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System. BACKGROUND: The Bakersfield VA Clinic is part of VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System. Services include primary care, dental, women’s health, audiology, eye clinic, physical therapy, mental health, telehealth, pathology and laboratory, and other specialty services. The Path & Lab, Pact, PM&R and Cers clinic have a required need for biological refrigerators and freezers that are specialized cold-storage devices designed to maintain precise temperature stability for sensitive medical products. PURPOSE: The biological/laboratory freezer and refrigerator are needed to preserve sensitive materials and samples (vaccines, pharmaceuticals, blood products and biological samples) at precise temperature. SCOPE: VA GLA – Bakersfield VA Clinic is requesting contractors provide brand name or equal that meet or exceed the physical, functional and performance of the listed salient characteristics in this section. The equipment features are essential to the technical requirements to meet the needs of the government. PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Equipment must have physical characteristics to enable the government to perform the capabilities: R5135 Freezer, Undercounter 5 Cubic Feet – Helmer Scientific iSeries iLF105-GX Under counter freezer This freezer shall have 5.3 cubic feet capacity. Must have bacteria-resistant powder coating both exterior and interior finish. Must have 2 ventilated shelves Temperature range of -15°C to -30°C and a -30°C temperature set point. Shall have front touchscreen display for user interface. Must fit under an ADA compliant countertop, have a solid door standard, rear access port, and audible and visual alarms to include power failure, high/low temperature alarms, door ajar, condenser temperature, and low battery alarms. Shall pair a variable capacity compressor (VCC) and natural hydrocarbon (HC) refrigerants to provide temperature uniformity, recovery, and stability, efficiently manage energy consumption. Will include U.S. Environmental Protection Agency SNAP (Significant New Alternatives Policy) compliant refrigerants, Energy Star certified and meet the NSF/ANSI 456 Vaccine Storage Standard temperature performance requirements. The unit must be purchased with the stacking kit, Model #400821-1 which includes the hardware and brackets to stack 2 units. Dimension: 28.4”D x 24.30”W x 31.90”H Quantity: 1 R6090 Pharmacy Refrigerator – Helmer Scientific HLR113-GX 13.3 cu ft capacity (377 L) Temperature Range: +2°C to +10°C, Set Point: +5°C 1 Ventilated Shelf, 5 Ventilated Pull-Out Drawers Digital microprocessor temperature controller with built-in alarms, including min/max display and reset Audible and visual alarms include power failure, high and low temperature alarms, door ajar, condenser temperature, and low battery Noise Emission: 39dB Energy Efficiency: 2.47kWh/day -Rear access port Certified to NSF/ANSI 456 Vaccine Storage Standard QPS (Certified to UL and CSA Standards), IEC/UL61010-2-011 (Dec 2016), CE 2797, RoHS, and ETL Certified Dimension: 31.2”D x 24.90”W x 70.50”H Quantity: 2 R6200 Refrigerator U/C or F/S, 5 Cubic Feet – Helmer Scientific iSeries iLR105-GX Medical-grade refrigerator with advanced monitoring and control. It has the technology capability compressor (VCC) and natural hydrocarbon refrigerants to ensure optimal temperature uniformity, recovery and stability, efficiently manage energy consumption and meet evolving environmental regulations. Optimized temperature uniformity, recovery and stability create best environment for sample storage. Quiet operation Storage Volume 5.3 cu ft (150 L) Temperature Range +2°C to +10°C Audible and visual alarms include power failure, high and low temperature alarms, door ajar, condenser temperature, and low battery Solid door standard Adjustable powder-coated shelves Rear access port Fits under standard ADA compliant countertop Set-Point +4°C Energy Star Dimension: 27”D x 24”W x 31”H Quantity: 2 R6200A Undercounter Pharmacy Refrigerator – Helmer Scientific iSeries iPR105-GX Used for storage of medication, vaccines, and pharmaceuticals

5.3 Cu Ft (150L) capacity Temperature set point: 5°C 2 ventilated drawers Certified to NSF/ANSI 456 Vaccine Storage Standard U.S. Environmental Protection Agency SNAP (Significant New Alternatives Policy) compliant refrigerants -Quiet operation (42 dB) i.C3® touchscreen user interface is password protected and provides advanced monitoring and information to ensure protection of stored product Audible and visual alarms include power failure, high and low alarms, door ajar, condenser temperature, and low battery Superior cabinet built with high-quality construction meets or exceeds performance standards required by the medical and scientific industries Solid Door Fits under standard 34” high ADA compliant countertop Energy Star® certified Includes Certificate of Calibration generated with an ISO 17025 reference thermometer Dimension: 28.10”D x 24.30”W x 31.90”H Quantity: 1 FUNCTIONAL AND PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS: Equipment must provide the functional and performance capability as listed above in the above. TRAINING: Contractor is not providing training at installation of equipment. Government will not require additional training. WARRANTY OF EQUIPMENT: Government requirement for standard manufacturer industry warranty term. Government does not accept extended warranty, which requires advance payment. PERFORMANCE: All items to be delivered and installed after receipt of purchase order by 08/01/26. Hours: Normal duty hours are 8:00 a.m. through 3:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, not including federal holidays. Whenever contact with a facility is required outside of normal duty hours, the Contractor shall coordinate these times with the designated COR, POC or designee. In accordance with 5 U.S.C. 6103, Executive Order 11582 and Public Law 94-97 the following national holidays are observed and for the purpose of this contract are defined as “Legal Federal official holidays” Noncontract Charges: The contractor shall not perform any service that will result in additional charges without prior approval from the Contracting Officer. Payment: Payment will be made upon receipt of a properly prepared invoice which references the period for which payment is due, the contract number and/or assigned purchase order number. The invoice must include the correct payment address. Waste Removal: The contractor is responsible for removing and properly disposing of all waste related to the services provided on-site at all VA facilities. Failure to carry out the above procedures will be considered as a failure to document the service visit and will constitute a failure to perform. All shipping for parts will be included in the cost of the contract. PLACE OF DELIVERY: Bakersfield VA Clinic. 900 Old River Rd. Bakersfield, CA 93311 SECURITY Information Security The vendor shall ensure adequate LAN/Internet, data, information, and system security in accordance with VA standard operating procedures and standard contract language, conditions laws, and regulations. The vendor’s firewall and web server shall meet or exceed the government minimum requirements for security. All government data shall be protected behind an approved firewall. Any security violations or attempted violations shall be reported to the VA Project Manager and the VBA Headquarters Information Security Officer as soon as possible. The vendor shall follow all applicable VA policies and procedures governing information security, especially those that pertain to certification accreditation. The contractor shall follow The Veterans Affair Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) security clause VAAR- 852.273-75 “SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES” sited in section C. Contract Clauses (a) The contractor and their personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards and VA policies as VA personnel, regarding information and information system security. These include but are not limited to Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), Appendix III of OMB Circular A-130, and guidance and standards, available from the Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). This also includes the use of common security configurations available from NIST's Web site at: http://checklists.nist.gov (b) To ensure that appropriate security controls are in place, Contractors must follow the procedures set forth in "VA Information and Information System Security/Privacy Requirements for IT Contracts" located at the following Web site: http://www.iprm.oit.va.gov Contract Personnel Security All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affairs' computer systems shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C). The level of background security investigation will be in accordance with VA Directive 0710 dated September 10, 2004 and is available at: http://www.va.gov/pubs/asp/edsdirec.asp (VA Handbook 0710, Appendix A, Tables 1 - 3). Appropriate Background Investigation (BI) forms will be provided upon contract (or task order) award, and are to be completed and returned to the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) within 30 days for processing. Contractors will be notified by 07C when the BI has been completed and adjudicated. These requirements are applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the security clearance investigation is not completed prior to the start date of the contract, the employee may work on the contract while the security clearance is being processed, but the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. In the event that damage arises from work performed by contractor personnel, under the auspices of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for resources necessary to remedy the incident.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sonja Fields
  - Email: sonja.fields@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of OMB Circular A-130, and guidance and standards, available from the Department of Commerce"s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). This also includes the use of common security configurations available from NIST"s Web site at: http://checklists.nist.gov (b) To ensure that appropriate security controls are in place, Contractors must follow the procedures set forth in "VA Information and Information System Security/Privacy Requirements for IT Contracts" located at the following Web site: http://www.iprm.oit.va.gov Contract Personnel Security All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affairs" computer systems shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C). The level of background security investigation will be in accordance with VA Directive 0710 dated September 10, 2004 and is available at: http://www.va.gov/pubs/asp/edsdirec.asp (VA Handbook 0710, Appendix A, Tables 1 - 3). Appropriate Background Investigation (BI) forms will be provided upon contract (or task order) award, and are to be completed and returned to the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) within 30 days for processing. Contractors will be notified by 07C when the BI has been completed and adjudicated. These requirements are applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the security clearance investigation is not completed prior to the start date of the contract, the employee may work on the contract while the security clearance is being processed, but the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. In the event that damage arises from work performed by contractor personnel, under the auspices of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for resources necessary to remedy the incident

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4f273c6088ee4cf280accae48a1bde01/view)