---
layout: default
title: USAF/TPS Gyroscopes for STC Lab
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 36a3df56585f45c2b1b5e282afe2eb11
---

# USAF/TPS Gyroscopes for STC Lab

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 15:58:17.834-04
- Solicitation Number: F1STAB6051A001

## Summary

(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Simplified Acquisition Procedures (FAR 13) will be used for requirement. (ii) Solicitation Number: F1STAB6051A001 **Please provide the full solicitation number on all packages** Interested parties who believe they can meet all the requirements for the items described in this synopsis are invited to submit, in writing, a complete quote. Offerors are required to submit with their quote enough information for the Government to evaluate the requirements detailed in this combined synopsis/solicitation. Offerors shall submit quotes via email, please note the maximum file size is 10MB. Emails over this file size will not be received. Submit only written offers; oral offers will not be accepted. (iii) This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2024-3, DFARS Change 02/15/2024 and DAFAC 2023-0707. (iv) THIS REQUIREMENT WILL BE: Full and Open Competition. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number for this acquisition is 334516 with a size standard of 1,000 employees. Please carefully review requirements detailed below. (v) Description of services to be acquired: The Air Force Test Center (AFTC), Edwards Air Force Base (EAFB), CA, United State Test Pilot School (USAF TPS) is requesting a supply contract to provide 2x three-degrees-of-freedom (3DOF) gyroscopes and the associated hardware and licensing in support of the Space Test Course Laboratory within Building 1220. (vi) See attachment 1, Performance Work Statement (SOO) for additional information. Delivery is requested by 31 March 2026 (vii) Quote submission shall be in accordance with FAR clause 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items (Sep 2023) and Addenda to FAR 52.212-1 Quote Preparation Instructions. (viii) ADDENDUM TO FAR 52.212-1 Quote Preparation Timely and equitable evaluation of the quote, the offeror must follow instructions contained herein. The quote must be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this solicitation. The contracting officer has determined there is a high probability of adequate price competition in the acquisition. Upon examination of the initial offers’, the contracting officer will review this determination and if, in the contracting officer’s opinion, adequate price competition exists no additional price information will be necessary. However, if at any time during this competition the contracting officer determines that adequate price competition no longer exists offers maybe required to submit information other than pricing data to support a determination of price reasonableness. Specific Instructions: Documents submitted in response to this must be fully responsive to and consistent with the following. Requirement of the CLIN & Statement of Objectives (SOO) and government standards and regulations pertaining to the SOO. Evaluation Factors for Award in section, 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial items and addendum of this RFQ Any limitations on the number of quote pages. Pages exceeding this page limitations set forth in this section, FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, will not be read or evaluated, and will be removed from the quote. PART I – Price Quote- The contractor shall provide the following. (A)Pricing for the effort (B)Provide the names of any Offeror’s subcontractor(s) (e) PART II – Technical Information (1) Format The quote will be on 81/2” x 11” paper. Pages is defined as one single sided, double-spaced sheet of paper containing information. Typing shall be Times New Roman Font, size 12. Electronic files must be in Adobe (.pdf), Microsoft Word or Excel 15-page limit Technical Acceptability – using the format described above, please provide the following: Contractors shall provide sufficient documentation to demonstrate their ability to provide the minimum pilot qualifications as stated in the SOO (Attachment 1). General Information Electronic of quote will be accepted and shall be sent to: Justin Fobel, Contract Specialist, justin.fobel@us.af.mil Cole Staron, Contracting Officer, cole.staron@us.af.mil Late submissions will be process in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(f) (End of Provisions) At no additional cost to the Government, a pre-award inspection and/or safety orientation flight may be conduction either at the offeror’s site or at Edwards AFB. This evaluation shall be in accordance with the Technical Evaluation Factors pursuant to FAR clause 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items and Addenda to FAR clause 52.212-2. FAR 52.212-2 – Evaluation – Commercial items The Government will award a contract resulting from his solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other. (i) technical capability of the item offered to meet the Government requirement (ii) price: (b) A written notice will of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for accepted specified in the offer, shall result in the binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer) whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CONTRACTOR INFORMATION WITH YOUR QUOTE: 1. UEI Numbers: 2. CAGE Code: 3. Contractor Name: 5. Payment Terms (net 30) or Discount: 6. Point of Contact and Phone Number: 7. Email address: 8. Date Offer Expires: Addenda to 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items (a) Basis for Contract Award: The resulting award will be a Firm Fixed Priced contract to a single contractor. By submission of its offer, the Offeror accedes to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and requirements, in addition to those identified as evaluation factors or sub factors. Offerors must clearly identify any exception to the solicitation terms and conditions and provide complete accompanying rationale. (b)Initially, offers shall be ranked according to price. Quotes will be determined to be fair and reasonable by adequate price competition amount offers unless the contracting officer has requested other than pricing data per addenda to 52.212-1. (c) Next, the government technical evaluation team shall evaluate the technical quotes submitted by the lowest price ranked offeror on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis: These are the definitions for the Evaluation Ratings Acceptable - Meets all solicitation requirements. Unacceptable – Does not meet all solicitation requirements. Technical capability will initially be assessed by the contractor’s ability to demonstrate the minimum pilot qualifications, as stated in the SOO (Attachment 1) and provide required documents in (e) If the lowest priced evaluated offerors are judged to be “Acceptable” on ALL factors and the offeror is determined to be responsible, that offer will be deemed the most advantageous to the government and the evaluation process stops at this point. Award shall be made to that offeror without further consideration of any offers. (f) Offerors are cautioned to submit sufficient information and, in the format, specified in the quote preparation instructions to permit a meaningful assessment of the technical capability. Offerors may be asked to clarify certain aspects of their quote Communication conducted to resolve minor or clerical errors will not constitute discussions and the contracting officer reserves the right to award a contract without the opportunity for quote revision. (viiii) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Alt I, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items (Feb 2024), with its offer. Completion of FAR 52.212-3 electronically at sam.gov is acceptable. (xix)The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (Nov 2023), applies to this acquisition. (x) The clause at FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items (Feb 2024), applies to this acquisition. The following clauses cited in FAR 52.212-5 apply to this acquisition: --commercial items, applies to this acquisition. The following clauses cited in FAR 52.212-5(b) apply to this acquisition: 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Jun 2010) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Feb 2024) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (Jun 2020) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018) (xi) In addition to the above, the following provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Oct 2018) DFARS 252.203-7005 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality (Sep 2022) DFARS 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls (Oct 2016) Clauses FAR 52.204-21 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (Nov 2021) FAR 52.204-27 Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (Sep 2011) DFARS 252.204-7012 Safeguarding covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports (Dec 2018) DFARS 252.232-7006 Wide Areal Workflow Payment Instructions (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments (Dec 2006) QUOTE SUBMISSIONS Offers are due by 23 March 2026 at 12:00 P.M. Pacific Daylight Time (PDT). Offers must be sent to Justin Fobel at justin.fobel@us.af.mil and Cole Staron at cole.staron@us.af.mil via electronic mail. NO LATE SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Justin T. Fobel
  - Email: justin.fobel@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6612773986
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Cole Staron
  - Email: cole.staron@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Performance Work Statement (SOO) for additional information. Delivery is requested by 31 March 2026 (vii) Quote submission shall be in accordance with FAR clause 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items (Sep 2023) and Addenda to FAR 52.212-1 Quote Preparation Instructions. (viii) ADDENDUM TO FAR 52.212-1 Quote Preparation Timely and equitable evaluation of the quote, the offeror must follow instructions contained herein. The quote must be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this solicitation. The contracting officer has determined there is a high probability of adequate price competition in the acquisition. Upon examination of the initial offers’, the contracting officer will review this determination and if, in the contracting officer’s opinion, adequate price competition exists no additional price information will be necessary. However, if at any time during this competition the contracting officer determines that adequate price competition no longer exists offers maybe required to submit information other than pricing data to support a determination of price reasonableness. Specific Instructions: Documents submitted in response to this must be fully responsive to and consistent with the following. Requirement of the CLIN & Statement of Objectives (SOO) and government standards and regulations pertaining to the SOO. Evaluation Factors for Award in section, 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial items and addendum of this RFQ Any limitations on the number of quote pages. Pages exceeding this page limitations set forth in this section, FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, will not be read or evaluated, and will be removed from the quote. PART I – Price Quote- The contractor shall provide the following. (A)Pricing for the effort (B)Provide the names of any Offeror’s subcontractor(s) (e) PART II – Technical Information (1) Format The quote will be on 81/2” x 11” paper. Pages is defined as one single sided, double-spaced sheet of paper containing information. Typing shall be Times New Roman Font, size 12. Electronic files must be in Adobe (.pdf), Microsoft Word or Excel 15-page limit Technical Acceptability – using the format described above, please provide the following: Contractors shall provide sufficient documentation to demonstrate their ability to provide the minimum pilot qualifications as stated in the SOO (Attachment 1). General Information Electronic of quote will be accepted and shall be sent to: Justin Fobel, Contract Specialist, justin.fobel@us.af.mil Cole Staron, Contracting Officer, cole.staron@us.af.mil Late submissions will be process in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(f) (End of Provisions) At no additional cost to the Government, a pre-award inspection and/or safety orientation flight may be conduction either at the offeror’s site or at Edwards AFB. This evaluation shall be in accordance with the Technical Evaluation Factors pursuant to FAR clause 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items and Addenda to FAR clause 52.212-2. FAR 52.212-2 – Evaluation – Commercial items The Government will award a contract resulting from his solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other. (i) technical capability of the item offered to meet the Government requirement (ii) price: (b) A written notice will of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for accepted specified in the offer, shall result in the binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer) whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CONTRACTOR INFORMATION WITH YOUR QUOTE: 1. UEI Numbers: 2. CAGE Code: 3. Contractor Name: 5. Payment Terms (net 30) or Discount: 6. Point of Contact and Phone Number: 7. Email address: 8. Date Offer Expires: Addenda to 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items (a) Basis for Contract Award: The resulting award will be a Firm Fixed Priced contract to a single contractor. By submission of its offer, the Offeror accedes to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and requirements, in addition to those identified as evaluation factors or sub factors. Offerors must clearly identify any exception to the solicitation terms and conditions and provide complete accompanying rationale. (b)Initially, offers shall be ranked according to price. Quotes will be determined to be fair and reasonable by adequate price competition amount offers unless the contracting officer has requested other than pricing data per addenda to 52.212-1. (c) Next, the government technical evaluation team shall evaluate the technical quotes submitted by the lowest price ranked offeror on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis: These are the definitions for the Evaluation Ratings Acceptable - Meets all solicitation requirements. Unacceptable – Does not meet all solicitation requirements. Technical capability will initially be assessed by the contractor’s ability to demonstrate the minimum pilot qualifications, as stated in the SOO (Attachment 1) and provide required documents in (e) If the lowest priced evaluated offerors are judged to be “Acceptable” on ALL factors and the offeror is determined to be responsible, that offer will be deemed the most advantageous to the government and the evaluation process stops at this point. Award shall be made to that offeror without further consideration of any offers. (f) Offerors are cautioned to submit sufficient information and, in the format, specified in the quote preparation instructions to permit a meaningful assessment of the technical capability. Offerors may be asked to clarify certain aspects of their quote Communication conducted to resolve minor or clerical errors will not constitute discussions and the contracting officer reserves the right to award a contract without the opportunity for quote revision. (viiii) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Alt I, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items (Feb 2024), with its offer. Completion of FAR 52.212-3 electronically at sam.gov is acceptable. (xix)The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (Nov 2023), applies to this acquisition. (x) The clause at FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items (Feb 2024), applies to this acquisition. The following clauses cited in FAR 52.212-5 apply to this acquisition: --commercial items, applies to this acquisition. The following clauses cited in FAR 52.212-5(b) apply to this acquisition: 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Jun 2010) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Feb 2024) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (Jun 2020) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018) (xi) In addition to the above, the following provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Oct 2018) DFARS 252.203-7005 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality (Sep 2022) DFARS 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls (Oct 2016) Clauses FAR 52.204-21 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (Nov 2021) FAR 52.204-27 Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (Sep 2011) DFARS 252.204-7012 Safeguarding covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports (Dec 2018) DFARS 252.232-7006 Wide Areal Workflow Payment Instructions (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments (Dec 2006) QUOTE SUBMISSIONS Offers are due by 23 March 2026 at 12:00 P.M. Pacific Daylight Time (PDT). Offers must be sent to Justin Fobel at justin.fobel@us.af.mil and Cole Staron at cole.staron@us.af.mil via electronic mail. NO LATE SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/36a3df56585f45c2b1b5e282afe2eb11/view)