---
layout: default
title: F16_HRPDG_AP
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 000c7b2826eb4b8496d11a765163912b
---

# F16_HRPDG_AP

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 16:54:38.994-04
- Solicitation Number: F16_HRPDG_AP

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS F16_HRPDG_AP Synopsis: 1. NOTICE: This is not a solicitation but rather a Sources Sought Synopsis to determine potential sources for information and planning purposes only.

1.1 The purpose of this Sources Sought is to conduct market research to determine if responsible sources exist, to assist in determining if this effort can be competitive and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. The proposed North American Industry Classification Systems (NAICS) Code is 334511 which has a corresponding Size standard of 1,350, but the Government is willing to consider other NAICS codes. The Government will use this information to determine the best acquisition strategy for this procurement. The Government is interested in all small businesses to include 8(a), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, Hubzone, and Women-Owned small business concerns. The government requests that interested parties respond to this notice if applicable and identify your small business status to the identified NAICS code. Additionally, please provide any anticipated teaming arrangements, along with a description of similar services offered to the Government and to commercial customers for the past three years. Any responses involving teaming agreements should delineate between the work that will be accomplished by the prime and the work accomplished by the teaming partners. 2. Program Details: The purpose of this Sources Sought is to request interested companies provide the Government team with information about their capabilities and interest in providing these assemblies as needed. Our goal is to develop a list of interested parties; determine competitive and/or Small Business Set-Aside opportunities; and apply this information to craft an effective acquisition and source selection strategy for the production phase of the program.

2.1 Program Description: The F-16 System Program Office (SPO) at Hill Air Force Base in Utah is seeking sources capable of providing personnel, materials, services, facilities, logistic support, data and management required to design, develop, fabricate, test, document within one year of award; production delivey schedule and support equipment and/or computer programs defined by the High Resolution Programmable Display Generator+AP Cards (HRPDG+AP Cards) System Requirements Document (SRD), Subsystem Requirements Document (SSRD), and Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL) to be deteremined. Contractors must note that data rights for the HRPDG, associated support equipment, and test equipment are proprietary to GDMS and will NOT be provided by the Government for this opportunity. The Government does not have funds for a reverse engineering effort. GDMS is the original equipment manufacturer of the HRPDG and owns the data rights. 3. This is a Sources Sought Synopsis (SSS) only

3.1 This SSS is issued solely for information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request For Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFP in the future. This SSS does not commit the U.S. Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. This is a sources sought only, which, as part of market research, is being issued in accordance with (IAW) Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 15.201(e).

3.2 The Air Force is not, at this time, seeking proposals and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Respondents are advised that the U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in responding to this SSS. All costs associated with responding to this SSS will be solely at the interested parties’ expense. 4. The F-16 Program Office (AFLCMC/WAM) representatives may or may not choose to hold Industry Days. Such discussions would only be intended to get further clarification of potential capability to meet the requirements. 5. If, after reviewing this information you desire to respond to the SSS, you should provide documentation that supports your company’s capability to meet these requirements. Companies may be contacted for further information or clarification; however, failure to provide documentation may result in the U.S. Government being unable to adequately assess your capabilities. If you lack sufficient experience in a particular area, please provide details explaining how your company would overcome the lack of experience/capabilities in order to perform that portion of the requirement (i.e., teaming, subcontracting, etc.). Documentation describing your company’s capability should be provided in the form of a white paper. a. Brief description of your company, with points of contact information b. Current business classification (e.g., Large, Small, Disadvantaged) c. Describe your company's past experience on previous projects for the U.S. Government similar in complexity to this requirement. Include contract numbers, a brief description of the work performed, period of performance, agency/organization supported, and individual point of contact (Contracting Officer or Program Manager). d. Provide cost and schedule delivery estimates 6. On the following pages is the Contractor Capability Survey which allows you to provide your company’s capability. CONTRACTOR CAPABILITY SURVEY Part I. Business Information Please provide the following business information for your company/institution and for any teaming or joint venture partners: · Company/Institute Name: · Address: · Point of Contact: · CAGE Code: Phone Number: E-mail Address: Web Page URL: Based on the above NAICS Code, state whether your company is: Small Business (Yes / No) Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB) (Yes / No) Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business (EDWOSB) (Yes / No) 8(a) Certified (Yes / No) HUBZone Certified (Yes / No) Veteran Owned Small Business (Yes / No) Service Disabled Veteran Small Business (Yes / No) *NOTE: All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoD contract. The NAICS code for this requirement, if applicable to the company’s capabilities, should be included in the company’s NAICS code listing in SAM. A statement as to whether your company is domestically or foreign owned (if foreign, please indicate the country of ownership). Non-Commerciality / Commerciality Questions: Do you consider your solution non-commercial or commercial? Are there established catalog or market prices for our requirement? If your company offers this product and/or service to both U.S. Government and commercial sources, is the same workforce used for both the U.S. Government and general public? Is our requirement offered to both under similar terms and conditions? Briefly describe any differences. Describe your standard warranty and return process for goods and services furnished to the U.S. Government for items similar in nature to this requirement. 7. Questions related to this market survey should be addressed to the following POCs: marcella.iverson@us.af.mil, and eric.dumpert.1@us.af.mil. 8. Interested parties are requested to provide an electronic response and any attachments through e-mail to Marcella Iverson and cc Mr. Eric Dumpert. Please send one copy by e-mail (no more than 7MB) no later than 10:00 am MST on 08 June 2026 to the following POCs marcella.iverson@us.af.mil , and eric.dumpert.1@us.af.mil Primary Point of Contact Marcella Iverson marcella.iverson@us.af.mil Phone: 801-777-6878 Secondary Point of Contact Eric Dumpert Eric.dumpert.1@us.af.mil 801-777-5964 Be advised that all correspondence sent via e-mail shall contain a subject line that reads “F16_HRPGD_AP SSS.” Note that, e-mail filters at Hill AFB are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines and/or certain attachments (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if this subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .exe or .zip files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the e-mail filters at Hill AFB. If sending attachments with e-mail, ensure only .PDF, .doc, or .xls documents are sent. The e-mail filter may delete any other form of attachments. Summary THIS IS A SSS ONLY to identify sources that can provide the HRUPG+ AP units. The information provided in the SSS is subject to change and is not binding on the U.S. Government. The Air Force has not made a commitment to procure any of the items discussed, and release of this SSS should not be construed as such a commitment or as authorization to incur cost for which reimbursement would be required or sought. All submissions become U.S. Government property and will not be returned.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Marcella Iverson
  - Email: marcella.iverson@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8017776878
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Eric Dumpert
  - Email: eric.dumpert.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8017775964

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/000c7b2826eb4b8496d11a765163912b/view)