---
layout: default
title: **Amendment 1** JBER Aero Club Maintenance BPA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 0cbd46d550ae494a8bc62568d451d5c6
---

# **Amendment 1** JBER Aero Club Maintenance BPA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 18:25:28.128-04
- Solicitation Number: FA500026Q0009

## Summary

**Amendment 1** The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation 7 days from 11 March 2026 at 12 AM AKST to 18 March 2026 at 12 AM AKST.. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation stay the same **Amendment 1 End** The Request for Quote (RFQ) number FA500026Q0009 - JBER Aero Club Maintenance BPA shall be used to reference any written quotes provided under this RFQ. The solicitation and incorporated Non-Appropriated Funds (NAF) clauses are those in effect through AFMAN 64-119. FAR and Agency Supplements are not applicable to this requirement unless specifically called out under the NAF clauses. This is targeted to Small Business under the North America Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code 488190 - Other Support Activities for Air Transportation with a small business size standard of $40.0M and PSC J015 - MAINT/REPAIR/REBUILD OF EQUIPMENT- AIRCRAFT AND AIRFRAME STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS. Large Businesses may be selected for a BPA award if Small Businesses are unable to provide services required. This requirement is for the establishment of a multiple-award, Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) to provide NAF Maintenance Services for the Aero Club on JBER (Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson), AK in response to call orders. The period of performance of the BPA is 5 years, commencing on 1 March 2027 . Contractors DO NOT have to provide bids for every aircraft. Contractors CAN provide bids on individual aircraft. 673 CONS intends to issue Firm Fixed Price (FFP) multiple-award Blanket Purchase Agreements to contractors who are determined to provide the lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA) offers to the Government in accordance with the requirements of the attached Statement of Work and Pricing Schedule. This BPA can be re - negotiated annually or semi - annually. Instructions to Offerors. 1. To ensure timely and equitable evaluation of the quotes, the contractors must follow the instructions contained herein. The quotation must be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this solicitation. 2. Specific Instructions: The response shall consist of two (2) separate parts: a. Part 1 - Technical Acceptability - Submit one (1) copy of technical acceptability narrative, with a maximum of 2 pages in length: Description of services, as required in the specifications of the PWS. Certification documents do not count against the 2-page limit. It is not required that each contractor provide pricing on the entire list of requirements. Contractors may elect to only provide price schedules for specific aircraft and inspections they intend to perform under the BPA. b. Part 2 - Price - Submit one (1) copy of price schedule and any pertinent additional information. Listed quantities in the price schedule (Attachment 2) are not official quantities set forth for this requirement, but total prices - per line item - will be compared to average local and industry costs as a method for the Government to evaluate quotes fair and reasonable. 3. Agreement will be made to the contractors whose quote is conforming to the solicitation and is determined to be the lowest price technically acceptable. Technical Acceptability, at a minimum, is defined as meeting all of the criteria in specifications applicable to the aircraft and required maintenance tasks as outlined by the OEM Manuals and FAA requirements. 4. Description of agreement. The contractor shall furnish supplies or services described in general terms, if and when requested by the contracting officer (or the authorized representative of the contracting officer) during a specified period and within a stipulated aggregate amount, if any. 5. Extent of obligation. The Government is obligated only to the extent of authorized purchases made under the BPA. 6. Purchase limitation. Individual BPAs will have a maximum call limit of $25,000, with each BPA Master Dollar Limit at $100,000 maximum. 7. Individuals authorized to purchase under the BPA. A list of individuals authorized to purchase under the BPA, identified either by title of position or by name of individual, organizational component, and the dollar limitation per purchase for each position title or individual shall be furnished to the supplier by the contracting officer. 8. Delivery tickets. All shipments under the agreements shall be accompanied by delivery tickets or sales slips that shall contain the following minimum information: (i) Name of supplier. (ii) BPA number. (iii) Date of purchase. (iv) Purchase number. (v) Itemized list of supplies or services furnished. (vi) Quantity, unit price, and extension of each item, less applicable discounts (unit prices and extensions need not be shown when incompatible with the use of automated systems, provided that the invoice is itemized to show this information). (Note: Firm-fixed prices are to be provided by contractor(s) for the first 12 months. Price adjustments upon occurrence of specified contingencies - based on increases or decreases in labor or material - will be considered and evaluated on an annual or semi-annual basis.) (vii) Date of delivery or shipment. 9. Invoices. When billing procedures provide for an individual invoice for each delivery, these invoices shall be accumulated, provided that -- (A) A consolidated payment will be made for each specified period; and (B) The period of any discounts will commence on the final date of the billing period or on the date of receipt of invoices for all deliveries accepted during the billing period, whichever is later. (ix) Evaluation -- Commercial Items, this provision has been tailored to this procurement and is provided in full- Please refer to the attachments pertaining to this Solicitation Notice. Attachment 2 - Pricing Schedule must be filled out and returned along with technical literature per the evaluation criteria set forth in the solicitation. Interested contractors must provide a response by 11 March 2026 at 12:00 PM AKST. Questions/Concerns Shall be submitted by 6 March 2026 at 9:30 AM AKST to the POCs listed within this notice. Late questions and concerns will not be accepted nor reviewed.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: alexander tate
  - Email: alexander.tate@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9075522675
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mr. Daniel Swoyer
  - Email: daniel.swoyer.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9075525587

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: are not official quantities set forth for this requirement, but total prices - per line item - will be compared to average local and industry costs as a method for the Government to evaluate quotes fair and reasonable. 3. Agreement will be made to the contractors whose quote is conforming to the solicitation and is determined to be the lowest price technically acceptable. Technical Acceptability, at a minimum, is defined as meeting all of the criteria in specifications applicable to the aircraft and required maintenance tasks as outlined by the OEM Manuals and FAA requirements. 4. Description of agreement. The contractor shall furnish supplies or services described in general terms, if and when requested by the contracting officer (or the authorized representative of the contracting officer) during a specified period and within a stipulated aggregate amount, if any. 5. Extent of obligation. The Government is obligated only to the extent of authorized purchases made under the BPA. 6. Purchase limitation. Individual BPAs will have a maximum call limit of $25,000, with each BPA Master Dollar Limit at $100,000 maximum. 7. Individuals authorized to purchase under the BPA. A list of individuals authorized to purchase under the BPA, identified either by title of position or by name of individual, organizational component, and the dollar limitation per purchase for each position title or individual shall be furnished to the supplier by the contracting officer. 8. Delivery tickets. All shipments under the agreements shall be accompanied by delivery tickets or sales slips that shall contain the following minimum information: (i) Name of supplier. (ii) BPA number. (iii) Date of purchase. (iv) Purchase number. (v) Itemized list of supplies or services furnished. (vi) Quantity, unit price, and extension of each item, less applicable discounts (unit prices and extensions need not be shown when incompatible with the use of automated systems, provided that the invoice is itemized to show this information). (Note: Firm-fixed prices are to be provided by contractor(s) for the first 12 months. Price adjustments upon occurrence of specified contingencies - based on increases or decreases in labor or material - will be considered and evaluated on an annual or semi-annual basis.) (vii) Date of delivery or shipment. 9. Invoices. When billing procedures provide for an individual invoice for each delivery, these invoices shall be accumulated, provided that -- (A) A consolidated payment will be made for each specified period; and (B) The period of any discounts will commence on the final date of the billing period or on the date of receipt of invoices for all deliveries accepted during the billing period, whichever is later. (ix) Evaluation -- Commercial Items, this provision has been tailored to this procurement and is provided in full- Please refer to the attachments pertaining to this Solicitation Notice. Attachment 2 - Pricing Schedule must be filled out and returned along with technical literature per the evaluation criteria set forth in the solicitation. Interested contractors must provide a response by 11 March 2026 at 12:00 PM AKST. Questions/Concerns Shall be submitted by 6 March 2026 at 9:30 AM AKST to the POCs listed within this notice. Late questions and concerns will not be accepted nor reviewed

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0cbd46d550ae494a8bc62568d451d5c6/view)