---
layout: default
title: Maui Base Operations Support Services and Construction
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: aa088b96b3744c999b442ddba9ef7b78
---

# Maui Base Operations Support Services and Construction

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 19:47:01.432-04
- Solicitation Number: FA521526N0001

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFP in the future. This request for information does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Furthermore, the Air Force is not seeking proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Respondees are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice; all costs associated with responding to this notice will be solely at the interested party’s expense. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. Description: The 766th Enterprise Sourcing Squadron (766 ESS) located on Joint Base Pearl Harbor Hickam is seeking vendors interested in the following potential opportunities: 1) Base Operations Support (BOS) Services; and 2) Design, Construction, and Design-Build projects in support of the 15th Space Surveillance Squadron (15 SpSS) located on the Island of Maui. These efforts may be procured via one or more contract solutions depending on market capabilities. A definitive contract and/or a Multiple Award Contract for construction projects with a 12-month base and option periods is/are contemplated for these efforts. This notice is intended strictly for market research purposes only. Information gained from this notice will be used to determine acquisition strategy and any potential small business set-aside. Scope: Work under the BOS requirement includes all management personnel, equipment and services necessary to operate the facilities. This effort includes the ability to provide support to various Maui Site information and communications systems and associated tenant organizations. The performance of this contract is in support of operations, maintenance, logistics management, testing and all other requirements. Support includes potential future requirements, emerging technologies, system growth, and new/upgraded equipment as needed. Specific services include (but not limited to): Administration management and customer support, Facility and infrastructure maintenance; repair; demolition of Real Property/Real Property Installed Equipment (RP/RPIE); and support, Information technology support/Core Communication IT services include all services required to support the operation, maintenance, and logistics of 15 SPSS BOS Services Information Technology (MBSS-IT) systems, Operations (physical plant operations), Grounds maintenance, Refuse collection and disposal, Architect/engineer services (planning, design and construction management), Security system maintenance, Property control and accountability, Vehicle control, pickup and delivery, and Central shipping and receiving; and warehouse storage and logistics support (material control) for 15 SPSS and mission partners working on site. Janitorial services Site facilities include: Two closed, potable water systems with pumps and tanks, Two water storage tanks (one 73,000-gallon underground tank and two 1,000 gallon above ground tanks), Two chlorination systems, Associated underground water pipelines feeding the primary facilities, Approximately 1,500 feet of fencing, Three sewage septic systems and one sewerage holding tank, 1,025 linear feet of sanitary sewage main, A main fire pump and 115,000 square feet of fire detection and suppression coverage, Four clean agent fire suppression systems protecting approximately 7,250 square feet of facilities, Approximately 500 feet of communication ducts, Approximately 8,400 square yards of parking lots, driveways, and equipment pads, Approximately 1,000 feet of underground electrical distribution lines, Four backup electrical generators- a 250KW, 400KW, 900 KW, and 1 MW, Two 20-ton bridge cranes, One incline lift system with one unit rated at 4,000 pounds and one for 45,000 pounds, Four chiller units at the Mt Haleakala site comprising a total of 370 tons of cooling and four chiller units at the Kihei site comprising a total of 290 tons of cooling, Security access control system with server and software and badge readers on the doors, Intrusion detection systems with monitoring stations, A Closed-Circuit Television (CCTV) Monitoring System with DVR's and cameras at both locations, Logistics support includes central shipping and receiving 2,000+ equipment items located throughout the island of Maui, with property book value of $92M and approximately twenty (20) vehicle fleet size, Additional: The highest level of security clearance required for this contract is DOD TS/SCI. Twenty-four-hour (standby) customer service call, emergency response and plant operations are required. Contractor personnel shall possess appropriate licensing and certifications. Note: The description of the requirement included in this notice is not intended to be all-inclusive. A draft of the primary Performance Work Statement (PWS) and the supplemental IT Core Communications PWS (Appendix X) has been included with this notice and is intended to provide additional information regarding the scope of the requirement. However, these draft documents may differ from any final primary and/or supplemental PWS included in any future solicitation. Place of Contract Performance: The place of performance consists of two geographically separate locations with several buildings; one site is located at sea-level in the town of Kihei, and the second at the summit of Mt Haleakala at or around the 10,000 feet elevation level. The Kihei site consists of two sub locations; 1) Approximately 3.42 acres of land with one primary building and several other small structures with a total square footage of approximately 5,800 square feet; 2) Approximately 2.3 acres of land with a 33,000 square foot office facility, several other small structures, and a parking lot located at 550 Lipoa Parkway. Note: A MILCON project is in progress that will eventually replace the 33,000 square foot office facility at 550 Lipoa Parkway with a new 2-story, 40,000 square foot office facility on approximately 10 acres of land. The actual move in date has not yet been determined. The Mt Haleakala site consists of 4.43 acres of land, five primary buildings and several other small structures with a total square footage of about 89,500 square feet. Background: The current contract number is FA521523C0003 and was awarded to Kupono Government Services, LLC on 1 April 2023. This contract was awarded as an 8A Sole Source. The current contract value (base and all options) is $70,234,244.06, which includes a current annual ceiling of $3.6 in construction, maintenance, and repair projects. The main service is Base Operating Support (BOS). The primary North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for the requirement is 561210 – Facilities Support Services, and the small business size standard for this NAICS is $47 million in annual gross receipts. Estimated Project Magnitude(s): BOS Services plus an expected $50K to $100K in minor maintenance & repair annually, and Multiple construction maintenance & repair projects between $350K to $30M, for a maximum ceiling of $30M annually. Requested Information: If your firm is interested in this effort, please email the points of contact listed below with the following information: Company name, address, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and website URL Primarily doing business in private/commercial or government sector Primary NAICS(s) and size standard(s) Business Size under NAICS 561210 (i.e. Small Business or Other than Small) Other Socioeconomic Status (i.e. Alaska Native Corporation (ANC), Native Hawaiian Organization (NHO), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Small Business, WOSB, SDVOSB, and/or SDB) Interest in prime contractor work, subcontractor work, or both (please specify which: BOS services, construction, or both) Any similar contracts your firm has performed Contract number and type Award amount Period of performance Description of how the contract is similar to this requirement If your firm: Has a current presence on the island of Maui Has worked on the island of Maui within the last three years Has worked at a similarly geographically separated location such as Maui If your firm would attend an industry day if one was held in person on Oahu or held virtually (please specify preference between in person or virtual) If you attend an industry day, would your firm be interested in one-on-one session for questions and answers A point of contact (name, phone, and email) Any information regarding this notice and requirement that you would like to bring to the attention of 766 ESS. Industry Engagement: If there is sufficient interest, the 766 ESS may hold an industry day with one-on-one sessions in the coming months either in person or virtual. However, representatives may or may not choose to meet with respondees regarding this notice specifically. Such discussions would only be intended to get further clarification of potential capability to meet the requirements, especially any development and certification risks. Questions: Questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing by email to the points of contact listed below. Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. Questions SHALL NOT contain proprietary or classified information. Answers to questions will be shared with all respondees. The Government does not guarantee that questions received after date/time will be answered. Points of contact: Contracting Officer: Joshua Tyler Lambert, joshua.lambert.14@us.af.mil Contract Specialist: Sandra Kim, sandra.kim.2@us.af.mil Contract Specialist: TSgt Yenshim Watanabe, yenshim.watanabe@us.af.mil Please provide your response No Later Than 5 May 2026 4:00PM Hawaii Standard Time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua Lambert
  - Email: joshua.lambert.14@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8087893168
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sandra Kim
  - Email: sandra.kim.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8087893137

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: has been included with this notice and is intended to provide additional information regarding the scope of the requirement. However, these draft documents may differ from any final primary and/or supplemental PWS included in any future solicitation. Place of Contract Performance: The place of performance consists of two geographically separate locations with several buildings; one site is located at sea-level in the town of Kihei, and the second at the summit of Mt Haleakala at or around the 10,000 feet elevation level. The Kihei site consists of two sub locations; 1) Approximately 3.42 acres of land with one primary building and several other small structures with a total square footage of approximately 5,800 square feet; 2) Approximately 2.3 acres of land with a 33,000 square foot office facility, several other small structures, and a parking lot located at 550 Lipoa Parkway. Note: A MILCON project is in progress that will eventually replace the 33,000 square foot office facility at 550 Lipoa Parkway with a new 2-story, 40,000 square foot office facility on approximately 10 acres of land. The actual move in date has not yet been determined. The Mt Haleakala site consists of 4.43 acres of land, five primary buildings and several other small structures with a total square footage of about 89,500 square feet. Background: The current contract number is FA521523C0003 and was awarded to Kupono Government Services, LLC on 1 April 2023. This contract was awarded as an 8A Sole Source. The current contract value (base and all options) is $70,234,244.06, which includes a current annual ceiling of $3.6 in construction, maintenance, and repair projects. The main service is Base Operating Support (BOS). The primary North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for the requirement is 561210 – Facilities Support Services, and the small business size standard for this NAICS is $47 million in annual gross receipts. Estimated Project Magnitude(s): BOS Services plus an expected $50K to $100K in minor maintenance & repair annually, and Multiple construction maintenance & repair projects between $350K to $30M, for a maximum ceiling of $30M annually. Requested Information: If your firm is interested in this effort, please email the points of contact listed below with the following information: Company name, address, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and website URL Primarily doing business in private/commercial or government sector Primary NAICS(s) and size standard(s) Business Size under NAICS 561210 (i.e. Small Business or Other than Small) Other Socioeconomic Status (i.e. Alaska Native Corporation (ANC), Native Hawaiian Organization (NHO), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Small Business, WOSB, SDVOSB, and/or SDB) Interest in prime contractor work, subcontractor work, or both (please specify which: BOS services, construction, or both) Any similar contracts your firm has performed Contract number and type Award amount Period of performance Description of how the contract is similar to this requirement If your firm: Has a current presence on the island of Maui Has worked on the island of Maui within the last three years Has worked at a similarly geographically separated location such as Maui If your firm would attend an industry day if one was held in person on Oahu or held virtually (please specify preference between in person or virtual) If you attend an industry day, would your firm be interested in one-on-one session for questions and answers A point of contact (name, phone, and email) Any information regarding this notice and requirement that you would like to bring to the attention of 766 ESS. Industry Engagement: If there is sufficient interest, the 766 ESS may hold an industry day with one-on-one sessions in the coming months either in person or virtual. However, representatives may or may not choose to meet with respondees regarding this notice specifically. Such discussions would only be intended to get further clarification of potential capability to meet the requirements, especially any development and certification risks. Questions: Questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing by email to the points of contact listed below. Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. Questions SHALL NOT contain proprietary or classified information. Answers to questions will be shared with all respondees. The Government does not guarantee that questions received after date/time will be answered. Points of contact: Contracting Officer: Joshua Tyler Lambert, joshua.lambert.14@us.af.mil Contract Specialist: Sandra Kim, sandra.kim.2@us.af.mil Contract Specialist: TSgt Yenshim Watanabe, yenshim.watanabe@us.af.mil Please provide your response No Later Than 5 May 2026 4:00PM Hawaii Standard Time

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/aa088b96b3744c999b442ddba9ef7b78/view)