---
layout: default
title: Whiteriver Hospital Construction
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 69d33baf78e1422096eccab863f04782
---

# Whiteriver Hospital Construction

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 12:08:03.578-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70126R00016

## Summary

See Amendment 2 See Amendment 1 This is a SOLICITATION NOTICE for No. 75H70126R00016 for the Whiteriver Hospital Construction, Whiteriver, AZ a construction project for the Indian Health Service, Division of Engineering Services. Note - APEX Accelerators are an official government contracting resource for small businesses [maybe helpful for large businesses looking for small business subcontractors or vice versa]. Find your local APEX Accelerator for free government expertise related to contract opportunities. www.apexaccelerators.us SCOPE OF WORK: The Prime Contractor shall furnish all personnel, materials, services, facilities and shall perform all work necessary to construct a new Whiteriver Hospital. The IHS plans to replace the existing Whiteriver Hospital on the Fort Apache Indian Reservation. The Contractor shall construct a new 407,000 Square Foot Indian Health Service (IHS) Hospital that is planned to serve a Primary Service Area (PSA) projected user population of 19,088 in 2030. The new hospital will be constructed on the existing 14-acre site of the existing hospital with minor adjustments to the existing lease. Services will be expanded to include Primary Care, Telemedicine, Dental Care, Eye Care, Audiology, Emergency Services, Transitional Care, Emergency Medical Services, Specialty Care (including General Surgery, Ophthalmology, ENT, Orthopedics, Podiatry, Cardiology, Endocrinology, Nephrology, Pulmonology, Rheumatology, and Genetic Testing), Psychiatry, Social Services, Behavioral Health Emergency & Inpatient Care Response Services, Acute Care (Adult Medical/Surgical, Pediatric), Low?Risk Labor & Delivery, Inpatient & Outpatient Pharmacy, Laboratory, Diagnostic Imaging (X?Ray, Ultrasound, Mammography, Fluoroscopy, CT, MRI), Rehabilitation Services (Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy), Respiratory Therapy, Public Health Nursing, Public Health Nutrition, Health Education, Wellness Center, Community Health Representatives, Environmental Health, Administration, Business Office, Human Resources, Quality Management/Quality Improvement, Health Information Management, Information Technology, Clinical Informatics, Purchased and Referred Care, Security, Clinical Engineering, Dietary, Facility Management, Medical Supply, Housekeeping & Linen, Comprehensive Pain Management, Employee Facilities, Public Facilities, Education and Group Consulting, Emergency Air Transportation, Research Partnership, Diabetes Management, Veterans Administration, Social Security Administration, Arizona Long Term Care Services Administration, Tribal Transportation (non?emergency), Women Infant & Children (WIC), and the Tick Disease Surveillance Program. The area required for the new hospital includes parking lots, drives, utility areas, and stormwater management. The site consists of land that is south of the existing hospital, and the area where the existing hospital and Garrett Building (Supply/Maintenance) are located. The existing hospital will be demolished after the new hospital is built and the existing hospital is vacated. This will require a transition period for IHS to transfer healthcare services to the new building and vacate the existing building. This transition, which must be included in the project schedule, will occur after the hospital is complete and prior to the demolition of the existing building. IHS will perform this transition under a separate contract. The location of the existing hospital will be used for parking. As a result of construction, on-site parking spaces will be limited, and a temporary lot will be created. Staff and patients, and potentially construction workers, will be shuttled from the temporary lot to the hospitals as appropriate during construction and demolition activities. In addition to the construction of the hospital, the project includes construction of two wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs), improvements to AZ State Highway 73, improvements to the Tribal Utility’s surface water treatment plant (SWTP), and replacement of a small section of sewer main south of the hospital campus. The new facility is designated as a Primary Care Acute Care Facility by the 2022 FGI guidelines. The new construction will be in accordance with IBC 2024, Type IB construction. Occupancies are designated primarily as Healthcare (Group I-2) and Business Group B with Groups A-2, A-3, H-3, R-2, S-1, and S-2 also included in the buildings. A Project Labor Agreement is not required for this project. This project is fully designed, and the solicitation is for a bid-build project. Per solicitation clause FAR 52.225-11*, Buy American-Construction Materials under Trade Agreements, one or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to Trade Agreements. *RFO FAR deviation text is available at www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul. LOCATION OF PROJECT: Work will be located on the existing 14-acre site of the existing Whiteriver Indian Hospital with minor adjustments to the existing lease, located at 200 W Hospital Dr, Whiteriver, AZ 85941. The first WWTP is to be located approximately 0.5 miles north of the existing campus on Powerline Road, and the second WWTP is to be located near the quarters approximately 20 miles north of the existing campus near the intersection of AZ-73 and AZ-260. The quarters (a separate project, not part of this project) will also be built in two (2) locations: at the hospital campus, and near the community of Pinetop, AZ. CONSTRUCTION DURATION: The contract is anticipated to commence in 2026. Period of Performance is 1095 calendar days from issuance of the Notice to Proceed. CONSTRUCTION MAGNITUDE: The magnitude of this construction project is anticipated to be: $500,000,000 to $600,000,000 TERO: Is applicable. Point of Contact: Gary Hill, TERO Director Email: garyhill@wmat.us Phone: (928) 338-1012 or (928) 338-1258 SITE VISIT: The Site Visit is 8 April 2026, start time 10am AZ time. Details regarding the Site Visit are included in the solicitation. NOTE: ALL DATES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. SEE SOLICITATION FOR OFFICIAL DATES, TIMES, AND LOCATIONS OF SITE VISITS AND DEADLINES. CONSTRUCTION SPECIFICATIONS AND DRAWINGS: Due to size limitation, specifications and drawings cannot be downloaded from SAM.gov. Email erik.lundstrom@ihs.gov AND jenny.scroggins@ihs.gov to request the technical specifications and drawings (See Section J for list of attachments that must be requested separately). This project is solicited as Unrestricted, Full and Open under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. The associated size standard for this procurement is $45 million. For the purposes of this procurement, a concern is considered a small business if its average annual revenue for the last three (3) years is less than $45 million. For information concerning NAICS and SBA size standards, go to www.sba.gov. It is the responsibility of the contractor to check www.sam.gov frequently for any amendments or changes to the solicitation. Hard copy documents will NOT be available – all documents for proposal purposes are posted at the website for download by interested parties. This solicitation is procured as a Request for Proposals (RFP) in accordance with FAR Part 15.103-1* utilizing Best Value-Tradeoff evaluation criteria. CONTRACT TYPE: The Indian Health Service intends to award a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract in support of this requirement. NOTE: Registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) database is mandatory to be considered for award. Offerors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements via the internet at: www.sam.gov. Contractors are encouraged to complete SAM registration as soon as possible; the government may not delay award for the purpose of allowing a contractor additional time to register in SAM. No bidder list is maintained. All potential bidders should register with www.sam.gov if interested in this forthcoming acquisition. NO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE OTHER THAN WHAT IS NOTED HEREIN. FIRMS ARE INSTRUCTED NOT TO CALL REQUESTING MORE INFORMATION. Interested bidders should register and follow this solicitation notice on www.sam.gov to receive email notices of any updates to the notice including any subsequent amendments.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Erik Lundstrom
  - Email: erik.lundstrom@ihs.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jenny Scroggins
  - Email: jenny.scroggins@ihs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/69d33baf78e1422096eccab863f04782/view)