---
layout: default
title: F-15 FMS Repair and Return Support Services RSAF (Follow-On)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: cf1986d2b27943589fbb52a2a3332978
---

# F-15 FMS Repair and Return Support Services RSAF (Follow-On)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 12:07:11.118-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8575-26-R-B002

## Summary

F-15 FMS Repair and Return Support Services RSAF (Follow-On) APRIL 3, 2026 RFP Amendment 003 (RFP 3) RELEASE: Note the following Sections have been updated: Section B: Delete CLIN X003 Section I: Clause 52.233-2 Service of Protest Section J Attachments have been replaced or deleted: Attachment 1: Performance Work Statment Attachment 4: Cost Model Attachment: Section L- Instructions to Offerors Attachment: Section M- Evaluation Factors for Award Revised Preamble Wage Determination Review of the RFP and Attachments for all changes are the responsibility of the potential Offeror MARCH 26, 2026 Q&A RELEASE: The Questions and Answers (Q&A) received from Industry are attached herein as "RRS Follow-on Solicitation_Government Response to Industry 2". MARCH 25, 2026 Notice to Industry: Q&As will be released tomorrow, 26 March. MARCH 4, 2026 RFP Amendment 002 (RFP Amd 2) RELEASE: Revised RFP Attachment 3 - Clause and Provisions Checklist was inadvertantly left off RFP Amd 1. FEBRUARY 25, 2026 RFP Amendment 001 (RFP Amd 1) RELEASE: Offerors are advised of the proposal extension date. All proposal volumes are due by 12:00 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, 24 April 2026. Note the following Attachments have been replaced: Attachment 4: Cost Model Attachment 7: Relevancy Assessment Attachment: Section L- Instructions to Offerors Attachment: Section M- Evaluation Factors for Award Revised Preamble has been added as an attachment in Section J Review of the RFP and attachments is the responsibility of the potential Offeror Questions will be received through 11 March 2026. Questions may be received after this date, however responses are not guaranteed. The Governemnt reserves the right to re-open the Q&A at any time. FEBRUARY 23, 2026 Q&A RELEASE: The Questions and Answers (Q&A) received from Industry are attached herein as "RRS Follow-on Solicitation_Government Response to Industry". An extension to the RFP return date will be forthcoming in RFP Amd 1. DECEMBER 19, 2025 RFP RELEASE: The Government is pleased to provide the attached Solicitation for F-15 FMS Repair and Return Support Services contract in support of the Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF). Please be advised that the issuance of this Final Solicitation takes precedence over any draft Solicitation or updates provided prior to its release. Government intends to award to one responsible offeror. Award will be based on the proposal that conforms to the solicitation requirements and provides the best value to the Government based on an assessment of the evaluation criteria described in the M-900 Evaluation Factors for Award (Section M) to this solicitation. The Government may use Advisory and Assistance Support (A&AS) contractors in support of the acquisition process, to include proposal review. These contractors are routinely required to execute non-disclosure agreements against the use or disclosure of proprietary information handled in the course of their duties. Each member of the RSAF F-15 Repair and Return Support Services acquisition Source Selection Evaluation Board (SSEB) will also execute non-disclosure agreements specific to this acquisition. Entities that may support this acquisition are as follows: Astrion. Any objections to the use of this company shall be provided in writing to the PCO within ten (10) calendar days of RFP issuance. Offerors interested in responding to this solicitation should be cognizant of potential or actual Organizational Conflict of Interest (OCI) before submitting a proposal. OCI issues include, but are not limited to, the inability to render impartial assistance or advice to the Government, the inability to objectively perform contract work, or the unfair competitive advantage created by current or previous contractual efforts with the Government. Offerors shall include OCI assessments and mitigation plans with their proposal, if applicable. The Government requests interested firms to notify the Contracting Officer of their intent to propose; however, failure to make such notification will not preclude interested parties from submitting a proposal. If responding under a teaming arrangement, please coordinate a single response. Foreign contractors are not permitted to participate at the prime level. Funds are not presently available for this contract. The Government’s obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contacting Officer. Further, the Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation either before or after the proposal due date. In the event that the Government cancels the solicitation, the Government has no obligation to pay proposal preparation costs. Offerors shall fill in all items that are blank, blank in brackets, or identified as “TBD” throughout the RFP. Some examples (not all inclusive) can be found on this solicitation, Model Contract, Standard Form 33 (SF 33) blocks 15, 16, 17, and 18, as well as clause information. Offerors are advised to submit proposals in accordance with L-900 Instructions, Conditions, and Notices to Offerors or Respondents (Section L). All proposal volumes are due by 12:00 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, 20 March 2026. If you have any questions regarding this acquisition, please submit them to the Contracting Officer, Shiela Hodges, by email at shiela.hodges@us.af.mil, or Contract Specialist, Brenton Gibson, by email at brenton.gibson@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shiela Hodges
  - Email: shiela.hodges@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brenton Gibson
  - Email: brenton.gibson@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Performance Work Statment Attachment 4: Cost Model Attachment: Section L- Instructions to Offerors Attachment: Section M- Evaluation Factors for Award Revised Preamble Wage Determination Review of the RFP and Attachments for all changes are the responsibility of the potential Offeror MARCH 26, 2026 Q&A RELEASE: The Questions and Answers (Q&A) received from Industry are attached herein as "RRS Follow-on Solicitation_Government Response to Industry 2". MARCH 25, 2026 Notice to Industry: Q&As will be released tomorrow, 26 March. MARCH 4, 2026 RFP Amendment 002 (RFP Amd 2) RELEASE: Revised RFP Attachment 3 - Clause and Provisions Checklist was inadvertantly left off RFP Amd 1. FEBRUARY 25, 2026 RFP Amendment 001 (RFP Amd 1) RELEASE: Offerors are advised of the proposal extension date. All proposal volumes are due by 12:00 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, 24 April 2026. Note the following Attachments have been replaced: Attachment 4: Cost Model Attachment 7: Relevancy Assessment Attachment: Section L- Instructions to Offerors Attachment: Section M- Evaluation Factors for Award Revised Preamble has been added as an attachment in Section J Review of the RFP and attachments is the responsibility of the potential Offeror Questions will be received through 11 March 2026. Questions may be received after this date, however responses are not guaranteed. The Governemnt reserves the right to re-open the Q&A at any time. FEBRUARY 23, 2026 Q&A RELEASE: The Questions and Answers (Q&A) received from Industry are attached herein as "RRS Follow-on Solicitation_Government Response to Industry". An extension to the RFP return date will be forthcoming in RFP Amd 1. DECEMBER 19, 2025 RFP RELEASE: The Government is pleased to provide the attached Solicitation for F-15 FMS Repair and Return Support Services contract in support of the Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF). Please be advised that the issuance of this Final Solicitation takes precedence over any draft Solicitation or updates provided prior to its release. Government intends to award to one responsible offeror. Award will be based on the proposal that conforms to the solicitation requirements and provides the best value to the Government based on an assessment of the evaluation criteria described in the M-900 Evaluation Factors for Award (Section M) to this solicitation. The Government may use Advisory and Assistance Support (A&AS) contractors in support of the acquisition process, to include proposal review. These contractors are routinely required to execute non-disclosure agreements against the use or disclosure of proprietary information handled in the course of their duties. Each member of the RSAF F-15 Repair and Return Support Services acquisition Source Selection Evaluation Board (SSEB) will also execute non-disclosure agreements specific to this acquisition. Entities that may support this acquisition are as follows: Astrion. Any objections to the use of this company shall be provided in writing to the PCO within ten (10) calendar days of RFP issuance. Offerors interested in responding to this solicitation should be cognizant of potential or actual Organizational Conflict of Interest (OCI) before submitting a proposal. OCI issues include, but are not limited to, the inability to render impartial assistance or advice to the Government, the inability to objectively perform contract work, or the unfair competitive advantage created by current or previous contractual efforts with the Government. Offerors shall include OCI assessments and mitigation plans with their proposal, if applicable. The Government requests interested firms to notify the Contracting Officer of their intent to propose; however, failure to make such notification will not preclude interested parties from submitting a proposal. If responding under a teaming arrangement, please coordinate a single response. Foreign contractors are not permitted to participate at the prime level. Funds are not presently available for this contract. The Government’s obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contacting Officer. Further, the Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation either before or after the proposal due date. In the event that the Government cancels the solicitation, the Government has no obligation to pay proposal preparation costs. Offerors shall fill in all items that are blank, blank in brackets, or identified as “TBD” throughout the RFP. Some examples (not all inclusive) can be found on this solicitation, Model Contract, Standard Form 33 (SF 33) blocks 15, 16, 17, and 18, as well as clause information. Offerors are advised to submit proposals in accordance with L-900 Instructions, Conditions, and Notices to Offerors or Respondents (Section L). All proposal volumes are due by 12:00 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, 20 March 2026. If you have any questions regarding this acquisition, please submit them to the Contracting Officer, Shiela Hodges, by email at shiela.hodges@us.af.mil, or Contract Specialist, Brenton Gibson, by email at brenton.gibson@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cf1986d2b27943589fbb52a2a3332978/view)