---
layout: default
title: Bunkering / De-bunkering service at Tokyo Bay area in Japan for Commander Fleet Activities Yokosuka
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 58ceff7eaaed41f9a869d5d54cc1bdec
---

# Bunkering / De-bunkering service at Tokyo Bay area in Japan for Commander Fleet Activities Yokosuka

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 04:03:42.894-04
- Solicitation Number: N6264926QB001

## Summary

This amendment P00010 is issued to incorporate the following revisions: 1. To provide answers to the questions posed 2. To update the Performance Work Statement (PWS), Paragraph

1.7 Insurance Requirements Note: This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. ******************* This amendment P00009 is issued to extend the response due date to 04:00, April 03, 2026, Japan Standard Time (JST) to incorporate the following revisions: 1. To provide answers to the questions posed. 2. To update the Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) structure. 3. To update the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Note: This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. ********************************************* The amendment 0008 is issued. The due date for offers for this RFQ has been extended to 4:00 PM on March 31, 2026, Japan Standard Time (JST), to accommodate a forthcoming amendment to the following: (1)Update Performance of work statement (PWS). (2)Update CLIN structure. Note: This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. ********************************************************** The amendment 0007 is issued. The due date for offers for this RFQ has been extended to 4:00 PM on March 27, 2026, Japan Standard Time (JST), to accommodate a forthcoming amendment to the following: (1)Update Performance of work statement (PWS). (2)Update CLIN structure. Note: This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. ********************************* The amendment 0006 is issued. The due date for offers for this RFQ has been extended to 4:00 PM on March 26, 2026 Japan Standard Time (JST), to accommodate a forthcoming amendment to the following: 1. Update Performance of work statement (PWS) 2. Update CLIN structure Note: This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. ********************************* This amendment 05 is issued for an extension to the due date for offers for the subject Request for Quotation (RFQ). The new deadline for receipt of offers is 04:00 PM on 24 March 2026, Japan Standard Time (JST). This extension is provided to incorporate the following revisions into the solicitation: 1. An updated Performance Work Statement (PWS). 2. A revised Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) structure. 3 REQUEST FOR CLARIFICATION: Note: This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. ************************************************** The amendment 0004 is issued. The due date for offers for this RFQ has been extended to 4:00 PM on March 20, 2026 Japan Standard Time (JST), to accommodate a forthcoming amendment to the following: Updated Performance of work statement (PWS) Update CLIN structure Note: This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. ******************************* The amendment 0003 is issued. The due date for offers for this RFQ has been extended to 4:00 PM on March 17, 2026 Japan Standard Time (JST), to incorporate the following:: Modified provisions/clauses. Note: This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. ********************************************* The amendment 0002 is issued. The date offers due was extended to 3/13/2026 01:00 PM Japan / Korea Standard Time for this RFQ. It allows us to accommodate for the upcoming Performance of work statement (PWS) change **************************************************************************************************** The amendment 0001 is issued. Date Offers Due (Solicitation closing date) has been extended. ******************************************************************************************************************* Solicitation N6264926QB001 has been officially issued to acquire commercial Bunkering/De-bunkering Transportation Services. Prospective offerors are advised that any future updates or modifications to the Performance Work Statement (PWS) and clauses will be released via an official amendment to this solicitation. ******************************************************************************************************************** Please be advised that this is a draft solicitation currently undergoing internal review. The final solicitation is scheduled to be issued on or before 20 February 2026. This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Prime Contractors outside of Japan must submit documentation that unambiguously demonstrates the Offer's compliance with DFARS 252.225-7042 (e.g. proof of incorporation) as part of their offer. As with all FAR and DFARS requirements, please ensure you are familiar with those requirements prior to submitting your quote. _______________________________________________________________ Bunkering/De-Bunkering Service at Tokyo Bay area in Japan for Commander Fleet Activities Yokosuka Naval Base. See attached Solicitation attachments for the detail

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Maria Mallari
  - Email: mariacrispina.c.mallari2.ln@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Yoko Yamaguchi
  - Email: yoko.yamaguchi.ln@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/58ceff7eaaed41f9a869d5d54cc1bdec/view)