---
layout: default
title: 99 CES Custodial Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 935c2f55daa84f698b03c750819a905d
---

# 99 CES Custodial Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 18:42:52.14-04
- Solicitation Number: F3GECE5230A001

## Summary

***AMENDED to include the Q&A tracker (questions & answers), map, CBA wage rate, collective bargaining agreement, updated wage determination doc, and the revised PWS which has the CDC window measurements under Appendix K.*** This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, following FAR 13 Simplified Acquisition procedures, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. 1. The solicitation number is F3G3CE5230A001. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP). A Firm Fixed Price type contract will be awarded. 2. The incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, effective 7 August 2025. 3. This combined synopsis/solicitation is being issued as a Section 8(a), and the associated NAICS code is 561720 (Janitorial Services), Small Business Size Standard $22.0M. 4. Description of Services: The Contractor shall provide non-personal services, to include all labor, materials, equipment, management, tools, transportation, supervision, and other items and services necessary to ensure that Custodial Services is performed at Nellis Air Force Base (AFB), Nevada. The services shall be performed in a manner that will maintain satisfactory facility conditions and present a clean, neat, and professional appearance. Buildings and workloads depicting the service described in this PWS are identified in the Appendices. For more information, please see: Attachment 1- PWS – 99 CES Custodial Services Period of Performance: 1 June 2026 – 31 May 2031 Place of Performance: Nellis AFB, NV FOB Point: Destination The Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure can be found in: Attachment 2 – Price List. 5. The following provisions are incorporated by full text. REQUIREMENTS. In accordance with FAR 52.204-7 and Defense FAR Supplements (DFARS) 252.207-7004 Alt A, prospective vendors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to contract award. Lack of SAM registration shall be a determining factor for contract award. Prospective vendors should visit the SAM website at https://sam.gov to register. (End of Provision) 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) See Attachment 4 – Addendum FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items (NOV 2021) See Attachment 5 – Addendum FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation Factors for Award 6. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS: All questions must be submitted via email to Addlene Williams at addlene.williams.6@us.af.mil. The deadline for submitting questions is Tuesday, 17 Mar 2026 at 9:00 AM PDT. Questions submitted after the aforementioned cutoff date and time will not be reviewed or answered. The answers will be provided by Wednesday, 25 Mar 2026 at 2:00 PM PDT. All responses to questions will be posted to SAM.gov for viewing. 7. Proposals are due no later than Friday, 03 Apr 2026 at 10:00 AM PDT. Only offers submitted electronically, via email, will be considered for this requirement. Submit offers to Addlene Williams at addlene.williams.6@us.af.mil. Include the solicitation number, F3G3CE5230A001, in the Subject Line of the email to ensure prompt receipt of your proposal. Offers that do not include a complete proposal will be deemed unresponsive and will not considered for award. FAR 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) See Attachment 4 – Addendum 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) See Attachment 5 – Addendum 52.212-2 Evaluation Factors for Award PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FAR 52.204-24 - Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021) FAR 52.204-26 – Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (Oct 2020) FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Dec 2022) FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Dec 2022) FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Mar 2023) FAR 52.219-1 - Small Business Program Representations (Mar 2023) FAR 52.222-41 – Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) DFARS 252.232-7003 - Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports (Dec 2018) DFARS 252.232-7006 - Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions (Jan 2023) AFFARS 5352.201-9101 - Ombudsman (Oct 2019) AFFARS 5352.242-9000 - Contractor Access to Air Force Installations (Oct 2019) Attachment 1 - PWS – 99 CES Custodial Services PWS Appendices A-H PWS Appendix J PWS Appendix I PWS Appendix K Attachment 2 - Price List Attachment 3 – Wage Determination, WD2015-5593 Rev.30, dtd 3Dec2025 Attachment 4 – Addendum 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Attachment 5 – Addendum 52.212-2 Evaluation Factors for Award Attachment 6 – Nellis AFB 2023-2026 CBA Attachment 7 – CBA Wage Rate Attachment 8 – Map 2026

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Addlene Williams
  - Email: addlene.williams.6@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7026529121
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Julia A. Pettit
  - Email: julia.pettit@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: .*** This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, following FAR 13 Simplified Acquisition procedures, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. 1. The solicitation number is F3G3CE5230A001. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP). A Firm Fixed Price type contract will be awarded. 2. The incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, effective 7 August 2025. 3. This combined synopsis/solicitation is being issued as a Section 8(a), and the associated NAICS code is 561720 (Janitorial Services), Small Business Size Standard $22.0M. 4. Description of Services: The Contractor shall provide non-personal services, to include all labor, materials, equipment, management, tools, transportation, supervision, and other items and services necessary to ensure that Custodial Services is performed at Nellis Air Force Base (AFB), Nevada. The services shall be performed in a manner that will maintain satisfactory facility conditions and present a clean, neat, and professional appearance. Buildings and workloads depicting the service described in this PWS are identified in the Appendices. For more information, please see: Attachment 1- PWS – 99 CES Custodial Services Period of Performance: 1 June 2026 – 31 May 2031 Place of Performance: Nellis AFB, NV FOB Point: Destination The Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure can be found in: Attachment 2 – Price List. 5. The following provisions are incorporated by full text. REQUIREMENTS. In accordance with FAR 52.204-7 and Defense FAR Supplements (DFARS) 252.207-7004 Alt A, prospective vendors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to contract award. Lack of SAM registration shall be a determining factor for contract award. Prospective vendors should visit the SAM website at https://sam.gov to register. (End of Provision) 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) See Attachment 4 – Addendum FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items (NOV 2021) See Attachment 5 – Addendum FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation Factors for Award 6. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS: All questions must be submitted via email to Addlene Williams at addlene.williams.6@us.af.mil. The deadline for submitting questions is Tuesday, 17 Mar 2026 at 9:00 AM PDT. Questions submitted after the aforementioned cutoff date and time will not be reviewed or answered. The answers will be provided by Wednesday, 25 Mar 2026 at 2:00 PM PDT. All responses to questions will be posted to SAM.gov for viewing. 7. Proposals are due no later than Friday, 03 Apr 2026 at 10:00 AM PDT. Only offers submitted electronically, via email, will be considered for this requirement. Submit offers to Addlene Williams at addlene.williams.6@us.af.mil. Include the solicitation number, F3G3CE5230A001, in the Subject Line of the email to ensure prompt receipt of your proposal. Offers that do not include a complete proposal will be deemed unresponsive and will not considered for award. FAR 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) See Attachment 4 – Addendum 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) See Attachment 5 – Addendum 52.212-2 Evaluation Factors for Award PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FAR 52.204-24 - Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021) FAR 52.204-26 – Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (Oct 2020) FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Dec 2022) FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Dec 2022) FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Mar 2023) FAR 52.219-1 - Small Business Program Representations (Mar 2023) FAR 52.222-41 – Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) DFARS 252.232-7003 - Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports (Dec 2018) DFARS 252.232-7006 - Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions (Jan 2023) AFFARS 5352.201-9101 - Ombudsman (Oct 2019) AFFARS 5352.242-9000 - Contractor Access to Air Force Installations (Oct 2019) Attachment 1 - PWS – 99 CES Custodial Services PWS Appendices A-H PWS Appendix J PWS Appendix I PWS Appendix K Attachment 2 - Price List Attachment 3 – Wage Determination, WD2015-5593 Rev.30, dtd 3Dec2025 Attachment 4 – Addendum 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Attachment 5 – Addendum 52.212-2 Evaluation Factors for Award Attachment 6 – Nellis AFB 2023-2026 CBA Attachment 7 – CBA Wage Rate Attachment 8 – Map 2026

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/935c2f55daa84f698b03c750819a905d/view)