---
layout: default
title: J85-5 Maintenance Repair and Overhaul Follow On
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 51d06fc3583149ea9fa66fa33af8adda
---

# J85-5 Maintenance Repair and Overhaul Follow On

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 12:19:18.921-04
- Solicitation Number: A047964

## Summary

THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL/QUOTE. This is a Source Sought Synopsis. There is no solicitation available currently. This synopsis is not to be construed as a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract nor does the Government intend to directly pay for any information or responses submitted as a result of this synopsis. The government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this market research. No funds are available to fund the information solicited. This Sources Sought Synopsis is published for market research purposes only. Companies may be contacted if further information is needed. This announcement constitutes a Sources Sought Synopsis to seek new competition for future work pertaining to J85-5 engine sustainment. This synopsis will be for the follow-on contract to the J85-5 Engine Sustainment contract. The current J85-5 contract is an Indefinite Delivery/ Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) service contract for the sustainment of the J85-5 engines supporting T-38 mission requirements. The T-38 is designed to train future Air Force pilots. The original J85-5 contract was awarded competitively to StandardAero Inc. Contract efforts are subject to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.232-18 availability of funds. The contractor will be required to provide fleet management services that provide the technical information and logistics resources to enable maintenance and material management of 1,019 engines. The contractor will be required to: Provide station services, including material management functions, engine maintenance, and subcontractor component support services. Provide station services including liaison support for supply services, and Organizational (O-level) maintenance & repair capability including equipment and tooling. Manage the fleet program management, maintenance, and support actions, program planning and status reporting documents within a timely manner. Develop and update maintenance build plans based on Reliability Centered Maintenance (RCM+) principles. Comply with Technical Order Data (TOD) and Time Compliance Technical Order (TCTO) including any new technical requirements or updates. Support Engineering Investigations (EI). Support Product Quality Deficiency Reports (PQDR). Support Component Improvement Programs (CIP). Support USAF qualification testing of obsolete materiel replacements. Provide Analytical Condition Inspections (ACI). Provide Customer Technical Services and Sustaining Engineering Support. Provide support for the management of spare parts, engines and modules to include requirements determination, requisition, procurement, distribution, item unique identification (IUID). Provide unlimited access to government owned parts and/or equipment. Support and maintain certifications and compliance related to airworthiness. Integrate and coordinate all peculiar support equipment. It is critical that respondents include the degree to which they will require access to J85-5 engine data rights and the degree to which they have or are able to obtain J85-5 engine data rights. The capabilities package should be brief and concise yet clearly demonstrate an ability to meet the stated requirements. Recent, relevant experience should be provided for each area. If a company is capable of some, but not all of the requirements stated in this Sources Sought Synopsis, please provide a response that explains the requirements for which you are capable. Teaming and/or subcontracting arrangements should be clearly delineated and previous experience in teaming must be provided. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this action is 336412. Firms responding to this announcement should indicate whether they are a large business, other than small business, small business, small disadvantaged business (SDB), woman-owned small business (WOSB), economically disadvantaged women-owned small business (EDWOSB), 8(a)-certified business, service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB), veteran-owned small business (VOSB), or Historically Underutilized Business Zone small business (HUBZone). All prospective contractors shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoD contract. Note that the NAICS code for this requirement, if applicable to the company's capabilities, should be included in the company's NAICS code listing in SAM (www.sam.gov). The acquisition strategy has not yet been determined. Market research results will assist the Air Force in determining whether this requirement will be a full and open, a small business (or other socioeconomic) set aside, or a sole source acquisition. Note that, if there is sufficient demonstrated interest and capability among small business contractors, a key factor in determining if an acquisition will be a Small Business Set-Aside is that two or more potential small business prime contractors, which are similarly situated entities, must be capable of performing at least 50% of the effort, as defined in FAR clause 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting. If it is determined that a small business set-aside is appropriate and your company anticipates submitting a proposal as the prime contractor for a small business set-aside, please provide specific details and rationale as to how compliance with FAR clause 52.219-14 would be achieved, including specific details regarding teaming arrangements, etc. If subcontracts are to be used, provide anticipated percentage of effort to be subcontracted and whether small or large businesses will be used. Teaming and/or subcontracting arrangements should be clearly delineated and previous experience in teaming must be provided. It is requested that both large and small businesses provide a reasonable expectation for small business utilization as a percent of total contract value. Please provide supporting rationale for the recommended percentage and types of supplies/ services which would be associated with the small business utilization. Please note: any future solicitation related to this effort may include evaluation factors for proposals submitted by other than small businesses by both large and small business with respect to small business utilization, and for other than small businesses with respect to Small Business Subcontracting Plans (See FAR 19.702) and/or Past Performance with respect to having reached Small Business subcontracting goals (DFARS 215.305(a)(2)). Companies may be contacted for further information as required to assess their capabilities.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hassan Hammi
  - Email: hassan.hammi@us.af.mill
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Itzel Spiller
  - Email: itzel.spiller@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/51d06fc3583149ea9fa66fa33af8adda/view)