# 6515--Home Oxygen Bridge 575 RMME POP 4/1/26-3/31/27

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-04 17:34:51.182-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0300

## Summary

ROCKY MOUNTAIN MEDICAL EQUIPMENT, LLC Home Oxygen Services GRAND JUNCTION, CO Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) Network Contracting Office (NCO) 19 intends to award a sole source, Firm Fixed Price, Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (ID/IQ) contract for Home Oxygen Services in Colorado to ROCKY MOUNTAIN MEDICAL EQUIPMENT, LLC. This interim requirement is to provide VISN 19 Veteran beneficiaries with home oxygen services while allowing time to award a new long-term contract, resolve any protest received, and allow time for a transition period if necessary. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES; however, any firm that believes it can meet the requirements may give written notification prior to the response due date and time. Supporting evidence must be furnished in sufficient detail to demonstrate the ability to perform the requirement for the estimated period of performance. Responses received will be evaluated; however, a determination by the Government not to compete the proposed procurement based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. If no responses are received, the Government will proceed with the award. The Government will not be responsible for any costs incurred by responding to this notice. The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 621610 and the size standard is $19 Million. The Product Service Code (PSC) is Q999; Medical Other. The estimated Period of Performance for this requirement is one-year: 04-01-2026 to 03-31-2027. Contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov at the time of the response due date. A Justification and Approval (J&A) will be executed by the Head of the Contracting Activity (HCA) for the contract and will be posted to Contract Opportunities as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 6.104 as required by 10 U.S.C. 3204(f) and 41 U.S.C. 3304(f). The statutory authority for applying the Simplified Procedures for Commercial Items is FAR 12.102(b) and FAR 6.302-1 Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. No solicitation documents are available, and telephone requests will not be honored. All responses shall be submitted via e-mail to Christine.jarvis@va.gov by 10:00AM (Mountain Time) 12/26/2025. Telephone requests will not be accepted.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/193fc1cedfd249989c781f4c896e1201/view