---
layout: default
title: Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Veeam Software and Warranties (4 additional years)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 668d1f6724b54355bc72fffe8f29e48f
---

# Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Veeam Software and Warranties (4 additional years)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 14:58:26.737-04
- Solicitation Number: W91CRB-26-Q-VEEAM

## Summary

This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 12.202(b)(1) as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W91CRB-26-Q-VEEAM is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This action is posted as a 100% Small Business Set-Aside under NAICS Code: 513210 “Software Publishers”. The size standard for the NAICS Code is $41.5 Million. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The U.S. Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG), an agency of the Government, intends to procure a brand name requirement for the procurement of a qty. 30 Veeam Data Platform Advanced Universal Subscription Licenses and OPTIONAL Veeam Software Warranty (to include four (4) additional years). This procurement is a Brand Name Only requirement for Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Case PL-B-UDV for the country of Poland. The Government anticipates the issuance of a commercial Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract as a result of subject synopsis/solicitation. The anticipated date of award to be determined but no later than 02 June 2026. The offeror shall provide a firm-fixed-price for the following requirements as specified in the Statement of Work (SOW) enclosed. CLIN 0001 – Veeam Data Platform Advanced Universal Subscription License. The contractor shall deliver thirty (30) Veeam Data Platform Advanced Universal Subscription License, SKU# L-ADVVUL-0I-SU1YP-00. Includes: Enterprise Plus Edition features, ten (10) instance pack, One (1) Year Subscription Upfront Billing & Production (24/7) Support. CLIN 0002 – OPTIONAL Veeam Software Warranty (four additional years) – PL-B-UDV The contractor shall deliver 30 Veeam Software Warranty (four additional years). Other Information/Requirements: It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that their Offer is compliant with ALL provisions of the FAR and its supplements. The Government MAY, but is not obligated to, consider an Offer that is non-compliant with any provision of the FAR and its supplements. Furthermore, the Government is NOT required to inform any Offeror that their Offer is non-compliant with the FAR or any of its supplements. Failure of an Offer to comply with any provision of the FAR and its supplements may result in the Offeror being deemed non-responsive to the solicitation. The Government requires the Veeam Backup and Replication Enterprise Plan Licenses to be delivered as soon as possible. Contractors shall propose a delivery date for CLIN 0001 and CLIN 0002. Only one (1) date shall be provided per CLIN. Details of Delivery Location and Inspection and Acceptance are as follows: CLIN 0001-FMS Case PL-B-UDV: Place of delivery TBD Inspection and Acceptance at Destination FOB Origin CLIN 0002-FMS Case PL-B-UDV Place of delivery TBD Inspection and Acceptance at Destination FOB Origin All responsible sources may submit a quote which will be considered by the Contracting Officer. The offeror must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database and include the assigned Unique Entity Identification code with quote submission. **Offerors SHALL include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with their response. Additionally, Offerors shall provide a completed copy of 52.204-24 and 52.204-26. Offerors SHALL also meet the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) level cited in DFARS provision 252.204-25 and clause 252.204-21. Any questions are to be submitted in writing to Charrissa Stancell, Contract Specialist, via email to: Charrissa.m.stancell.civ@army.mil and Aqua Jefferson, Contracting Officer, via email to: Aqua.m.jefferson.civ@army.mil no later than 10:00AM - EST – U.S. on 16 April 2026. The offeror shall submit their quote via email to Charrissa Stancell, Contract Specialist, Charrissa.m.stancell.civ@army.mil by 10:00AM – EST-U.S. 22 April 2026. An email confirmation from the contract specialist must be received to be considered submitted. Contact Information: Charrissa Stancell Contract Specialist Army Contracting Command –Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) Email – Charrissa.m.stancell.civ@army.mil Aqua Jefferson Contracting Officer Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) Email- Aqua.m.jefferson.civ@army.mil BASIS FOR AWARD: The Government intends to award a commercial firm-fixed-price (FFP) contract to the responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the requirements of this combined synopsis/solicitation. Quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.203, “Evaluation”. A single award will be made based on the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable (LPTA) evaluation approach. (Note: See FAR 52.212-2 for evaluation criteria detailed herein). In accordance with DFARS provision 252.204-7025(d), “The Offeror shall provide, in the quote, the CMMC unique identifier(s) (CMMC UIDs) issued by SPRS for each contractor information system that will process, store, or transmit FCI or CUI during performance of a contract, task order, or delivery order resulting from this solicitation”. Failure to provide the UID and confirmation of CMMC Level 1 (Self-Assessment) for this requirement with quote submission will result in ineligibility for award. A quote that fully complies with the above as well as the requirements of this synopsis/solicitation will be evaluated for award. Any submission that fails to complete the following representations and certifications: FAR 52.212-3, 52.204-24, 52.204-26 will also be considered non-responsive to the solicitation's requirements and therefore, ineligible for award. Verification can be provided via SAM.gov or as attachments to the offeror’s quote submission. In accordance with FAR 52.212-1(d), The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror’s initial offer should contain the offeror’s best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. Quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 52.212-2, “Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021)”: (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1 Cost/Price: Price will be evaluated based on the total proposed price for CLIN 0001 and CLIN 0002. Factor 2 Technical: Offerors shall demonstrate their ability to meet the specifications provided in this solicitation. Additionally, the technical element of the evaluation shall be based solely on information furnished by the vendor. The Government is not responsible for locating or securing any information which is not provided in the proposal. Factor 3 Past Performance: Offeror’s Past performance shall be evaluated by reviewing performance information reported to the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), as well as other sources of information. Technical and Past Performance, when combined, are approximately equal to Cost/Price. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option (s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Description Updated 4/10/26. Revised and updated SOW 4/10/26. Revised and updated Combined Synopsis Solicitation 4/10/26.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Charrissa Stancell
  - Email: charrissa.m.stancell.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Aqua Jefferson
  - Email: aqua.m.jefferson.civ@mail.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/668d1f6724b54355bc72fffe8f29e48f/view)