---
layout: default
title: Pit Lane Extension
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 2918e43349ca42bb8902e037fbc519b6
---

# Pit Lane Extension

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 11:27:28.274-04
- Solicitation Number: 70LGLY26QGLB00017

## Summary

This solicitation is issued under the authority of FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services, which authorizes the use of commercial item acquisition procedures for supplies and services that meet the definition of commercial products and commercial services. These procedures are applicable to solicitations and contracts for the acquisition of commercial products and commercial services, including construction, when the requirement meets the commercial item definition and is appropriate for commercial acquisition. This solicitation is issued under the authority of FAR 12.0001, which authorizes the use of commercial item acquisition procedures for supplies and services that meet the definition of commercial products and commercial services. In accordance with FAR 12.200, these procedures are applicable to solicitations and contracts for the acquisition of commercial products and commercial services, including construction, when the requirement meets the commercial item definition and is appropriate for commercial acquisition. The Government is soliciting a Request of Quote (RFQ) in accordance with FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (12.0001 and 12.200) and FAR 12.201-1(b), Legal effect of quotations: (1) Neither a quotation nor the purchase order issued by the Government in response to a quotation form a binding contract. The purchase order is the Government’s offer to a supplier to buy certain products or services upon specified terms and conditions. (2) A binding contract is formed when the supplier accepts the Government’s offer, either by written acceptance of the purchase order or substantial performance of the purchase order. The contracting officer may request that the contractor provide written acceptance of the order. Davis-Bacon Act applies to this requirement in accordance with FAR 22.403 and FAR 52.222-6. Wage Determination WD # NM20260036 Dated 1_02_2026 is incorporated. Payment bonds are not required for this requirement in accordance with FAR 28.102-1(b). Progress payments are not authorized for this requirement. Payment will be authorized only after completion of the requirement and acceptance by the Government as satisfactory in accordance with FAR 52.212-4(a), Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. The estimated magnitude of this construction project is between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000, in accordance with FAR 36.204. The Government reserves right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. Acceptance of an award certifies that the contractor will comply with FAR 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons by notifying all employees and subcontractors at all levels. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation issued. Quotes are being requested and separately written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2025-06. The Government intends to award one (1) firm-fixed price award as a result of this solicitation. No commercial financing. This requirement is being solicited as a TOTAL small business set aside. This solicitation requires registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submission of quote, prior to award, and at time of award pursuant to applicable regulations and guidelines. Registration information can be found at www.sam.gov. All quoters with an invalid or inactive registration will be removed from the solicitation as ineligible to participate for award. Bases of Award It is the Government’s intent to award a purchase order to the responsible quoter whose quote, in conforming to the RFQ, provides the overall best value to the Government considering technical evaluation factors and price. Best value shall be achieved by using comparative evaluation of quotations. All quotes submitted will be evaluated in accordance with evaluation factors as described herein. Quotes shall be evaluated against the evaluation criteria set forth in the RFQ. Submission for Evaluation is limited to 14 pages for evaluation. Each page is to be no larger than letter size (8.5”X11”); one (1) sided; font is to be no smaller than times new roman font 11; and Microsoft Office compatible. All tables, exhibits, etc. are to be included in the page limitation. Cover sheet: (limited to 1 page, shall be 1st page): The cover sheet which at the minimum should include the solicitation number and contractor’s information (company name; address; point of contact; point of contact’s email address and phone number; and Unique Entity Identifier). Additional information can be added to this cover sheet. All information on the cover sheet is used to verify the company’s information in SAM.gov or other tool used by the contracting officer. Any additional information on the cover sheet will not be used for evaluation against any nonprice or price factors listed below. FACTOR 1- Technical Approach (limited to 2 pages): The Government will evaluate the technical approach to assess its effectiveness to achieve each performance objective and standard that reflects the best industry and/or commercial practices, standards and procedure for all services identified in the PWS. The approach shall include methods and ambiguities, concerns, and conflicts that become apparent during the performance of this contract. This includes the supplies required for this requirement as listed in the PWS in Section H. Quoters shall submit their capability statement/performance plan that demonstrates their ability to provide the required service in the solicitation. See Performance Work Statement for details. The vendor should address their experience providing this type of service, equipment supplied, and any other relevant information. FACTOR 2- DELIVERY/POP (limited to 2 pages): Quoters shall submit a plan/schedule for the work to be completed in all phases as indicated in the PWS. This shall include the capability to complete the work by the 24 April 2026 completion deadline. Full performance must start by 10 April 2026 and ultimate completion by 24 April 2026. FACTOR 3 - PAST PERFORMANCE (NON-PRICE) (limited to 1 page): The past performance assessment will evaluate the quoter based on the quoter's demonstrated past work record. The recency and relevancy of the information, the source of the information, context of the data and general trends in the contractor’s performance will be considered. The Government reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources, including sources outside of the Government. FACTOR 4 – EXPERIENCE (NON-PRICE) (limited to 2 pages): The vendor should address their experience providing this type of service, equipment supplied, prior and any other relevant information. This shall include prior experience with the vetting process to access FLETC or other federal organization. FACTOR 5- Technical Qualifications (limited to 5 pages): The vendor must submit all certifications and proof of insurance required to perform this requirement on a federal installation. FACTOR 6 - PRICE EVALUATION CRITERIA (PRICE) (limited to 1 page): Evaluation of price will be conducted using price analysis to determine reasonableness and accuracy (ii) The analysis will be used solely to determine whether the vendor’s quoted prices reflect the offeror’s understanding of the technical requirements, are realistic, and do not indicate increased risk to the Government of unsuccessful performance. (iii) Evaluate prices inclusive of transportation charges from the shipping point of the supplier to the delivery destination, obtain prompt payment discounts to the maximum extent practicable. (iv) The Government will not include discounts when evaluating the prices of quotations. (v) Quotations must be complete as firm-fixed prices and reflect all cost associated to complete all tasks in the PWS. Submission of a quote in response to this solicitation constitutes acceptance of all terms and conditions. Under FAR 12.602(b), debriefings are not required for acquisitions conducted under FAR Part 12. Due to mission timelines, questions/answers are not offered. A site visit is not authorized. Offerors must provide quote based on information provided in the SOW and solicitation. Award notice will be provided. Upon request, a brief explanation may be provided of the award decision to interested parties.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gary Scidmore
  - Email: gary.n.scidmore@fletc.dhs.gov
  - Phone: 9122805343

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2918e43349ca42bb8902e037fbc519b6/view)