---
layout: default
title: AN/SPQ-15 Production and Installation Support Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b460483d65194ef0b7bac55fc193c164
---

# AN/SPQ-15 Production and Installation Support Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 19:52:25.492-04
- Solicitation Number: N0017826R4506

## Summary

Summary of Requirement: The purpose of this Task Order is to contract for the production and sustainment of the AN/SPQ-14(V) Advanced Sensor Distribution Systems (ASDS), AN/SPQ-15(V) Data Distribution Systems (DDS), and future distribution systems and components fielded on U.S. Navy ships, Land based sites and Foreign Military Sales (FMS) ships. Work Locations and Full Time Equivalents (FTEs): It is anticipated a total of

76.25 FTEs of will be needed (excluding Surge SLINs):

15.25 FTEs for the Base Year,

15.25 FTEs for Option Year one (1),

15.25 FTEs for Option Year two (2),

15.25 FTEs for Option Year three (3), and 15.25 for Option Year four (4). The Base Year Estimate of FTEs includes the Key and Non-Key labor categories in the Attachments. ATTACHMENTS: A DRAFT STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) AND DRAFT LABOR QUALIFICATIONS ARE ATTACHED TO THIS NOTICE Contract Type & Period of Performance: The Government contemplates award of a Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (CPFF) and Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Order. The resultant order will have a Base Period of twelve months, and four (4) Option Periods each consisting of twelve months each, for a total of 60 months, if all Options are exercised. Set-Aside: At this time, a determination has NOT been made to set-aside this procurement. Responses to this Sources Sought will be evaluated and used to determine the set-aside status of this requirement. Incumbent: This work is a consolidation of Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (CPFF), Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Order N0017823D4501, and CPFF/FFP N0017824D4500 with Frontier Electronics Systems Corp (FES), 500 W 6TH AVE, STILLWATER OK 74074-1522. Personnel and Facility Clearance Requirements: Contractors shall meet the following mandatory requirements at the time of proposal submission or have an acceptable plan to meet the requirements by the start date of contract performance. In addition, mandatory requirements must be maintained throughout the life of the Task Order. The mandatory requirements are as follows: Facility Clearance Level (FCL) Requirement: The Prime Contractor supporting this Task Order is required to have an FCL of SECRET and safeguarding clearance level of SECRET at the primary facility supporting this Task Order. Personnel Clearance Level (PCL) Requirement: All personnel directly supporting this Task Order, except Management and Support personnel, are required to have, as a minimum, a current SECRET security clearance in the Defense Industrial Security System (DISS). Interim clearances are acceptable at onboarding for non-Key personnel. Request for Capability Statements: A set-aside determination has not yet been made for this requirement. Capability statements shall not exceed 10 pages, not including resume summaries, with font size 10 or greater. The Capability statements shall describe their ability to fulfill all or portions of this requirement. A set-aside decision or decisions will be announced when the solicitation(s) is/are released. Capability statements shall include the following items: (1) Sources Sought announcement number (for which the response is being submitted) and a description of the Offeror's capabilities relating to the attached draft Statement of Work (SOW). The description shall specifically address relevant experience and understanding of each work area for which this acquisition will support, and it shall address the Offeror's ability to meet each of the mandatory requirements. (2) A brief description of your company, your CAGE code, Unique Entity ID (UEI), Company Name and Address, Point of Contact (to include phone/email), and your certified business size status under NAICS code 334511 (e.g., Small Business, Woman-Owned Small Business, SDVOSB, 8(a), HUBZone, Large Business, etc.). (3) The specific qualifications, capabilities, experience, and personnel security clearance level of all personnel the Contractor intends to utilize to support this effort. Identify whether individuals are employees of the Offeror, are contingent hires, or are employees of a planned team member (Sub-contractor). If employees are those of a planned team member, the name of the Sub-contractor shall also be identified. (4) A summary of relevant past performance and experience within the last five (5) years for providing systems of similar scope, complexity, and size to the AN/SPQ-15. Please include contract numbers, the Government agency, and a point of contact for each reference. Emphasize experience with production, development, engineering services, obsolescence mitigation, configuration management, sustainment support, and integrated logistics support in the manufacturing, fabrication, assembly, production, delivery, repair, and installation of shipboard systems. (5) Provisions for any potential “similarly situated entity” arrangements being considered. A “similarly situated entity” means a first-tier subcontractor, including an independent contractor, that has the same small business program status as that which qualified the prime contractor for the award and that is considered small for the NAICS code the prime contractor assigned to the subcontract the Sub-contractor will perform. If “similarly situated entity” subcontracting is contemplated, the capability statement shall contain detailed information concerning the planned “similarly situated entity” subcontracting/consulting arrangement(s) (including proposed work share, DUNS number(s), and all applicable categories of Small Business status) to assure the Government that the limitations of FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (DEVIATION 2021-O0008), can be met for each contract period. The limitations identified in the aforementioned clause require the Offeror/Contractor to agree that in the performance of the resultant contract it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count toward the 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. (6) General statements, not supported by the specific information requested above, will not be considered responsive. (7) No telephone responses will be accepted. Contractor responses received after the advertised due date and time will NOT be accepted. No exceptions to this receipt deadline shall be granted under any circumstances. Responses should reference N0017826R4506. (8) All information and data received in response to the Sources Sought marked or designated as corporate proprietary information will be fully protected and held in strict confidence. It is the respondent’s responsibility to clearly define to the Government what is considered proprietary data. (9) If a solicitation is released at a future date, it will be synopsized on the SAM.GOV website. (10) It is the responsibility of any potential offeror to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this requirement. Note: THIS SOURCES SOUGHT REQUEST IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. The requested information is for planning purposes and does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that a procurement action will be issued, nor will the Government pay for the information solicited. Questions or clarifications: At no cost to the Government, responding vendors/offerors may continue dialogue via emailing the Contract Specialist. Answers will be provided via a document attached to this SAM.gov Notice. Schedule: Capability Statements shall be provided by e-mail to the cognizant Contract Specialist, Mr. Noel Dadufalza at noel.p.dadufalza.civ@us.navy.mil no later than 1600 EST on 25 May 2026. Submissions will be accepted after this date, but feedback may not be as timely or contribute to NSWCDD DNA’s strategic planning. All communications with industry must be coordinated through the cognizant Contract Specialist. Industry Day: The Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahlgren Division (NSWCDD) Dam Neck Activity (DNA) will host a Virtual Industry Day Brief for this requirement on 30 April 2026 via Microsoft Teams. The event will commence at 1030 and continue until approximately 1200. RSVP Information: This event is free of charge. In order to receive the link for the Microsoft Team event, please email Mr. Noel Dadufalza at noel.p.dadufalza.civ@us.navy.mil. Individuals should provide individual names, titles, company name, CAGE code, and email addresses. Registration will be confirmed via email to EACH individual with a corresponding link to the event. For attendance record purposes, DO NOT FORWARD THE TEAMS LINK. Individuals can submit questions in advance through the SAM.gov portal. The presentation and attendance will be posted after the event through the SAM.gov portal.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Noel Dadufalza
  - Email: noel.p.dadufalza.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ausra Zemaitiene
  - Email: ausra.zemaitiene.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b460483d65194ef0b7bac55fc193c164/view)