---
layout: default
title: Regional Electric Utility Tree Trimming and Ground Cleaning Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e5116be48b624997a6e973df3ad3f741
---

# Regional Electric Utility Tree Trimming and Ground Cleaning Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 14:40:50.386-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008526R0130

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This is not a request for proposal and no contract will be awarded from this notice. There will not be a solicitation, specifications, or drawings available at this time. This notice is a market research tool used for planning purposes only to determine the availability and capability of small business sources. Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command Mid-Atlantic (NAVFAC MIDLANT) Contracting is seeking Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, certified HUBZone Small Business, and certified 8(a) Businesses with current relevant qualifications, experience, personnel and capability to perform a proposed contract. Upon review of Industry response to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government will determine whether a set-aside acquisition in lieu of full and open competition is in the best interest of the Government. A Facility Support, Firm-Fixed Price (FFP)/Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), contract with non-recurring work service is anticipated. The total contract term, including the exercise of any options, shall not exceed 66 months. Source Selection procedures will be used to evaluate and select the proposal that is most advantageous to the Government. The Contractor shall provide all labor, management, supervision, tools, material, and equipment required to perform Regional Electric Utility Tree Trimming and Ground Clearing Services at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard, Portsmouth, Virginia, Portsmouth Naval Hospital, Portsmouth Virginia, St. Julians Annex, Portsmouth Virginia, Little Creek Naval Amphibious Base, Virginia Beach, Virginia, Oceana Naval Air Station, Virginia Beach, Virginia, Dam Neck Annex, Virginia Beach, Virginia, Yorktown Weapons Station, Cheatham Annex, Williamsburg Virginia, and at sites located within a 50 mile radius of the listed sites. General Work Requirements: 1503050 – Grounds Maintenance and Landscaping: The Contractor shall provide all labor, supervision, management, tools, materials, equipment, facilities, transportation, incidental engineering, and other items necessary for the following: The intent of 1503050 Grounds Maintenance and Landscaping is to specify the requirements related to tree maintenance and removal and removal of vegetation and debris. This work requirement shall occur in or adjacent to utility line clear zones and within installation grounds parcels. Services shall include tree trimming and removal, stump grinding, and removal of brush and vegetation removal. Application of herbicides to kill actively growing vegetation and to slow the regrowth of vegetation may be required to achieve vegetation control. All Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, certified HUBZone Small Business, and certified 8(a) Businesses are encouraged to respond. The Government will not pay for any information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. All qualified firms are encouraged to respond. The appropriate NAICS Code is 561730, size standard $9.5 million. It is requested that interested parties submit a brief capabilities package not to exceed 5 pages. This capabilities package shall address, at a minimum, the following: (1) Examples of projects worked within the last five years of similar size, scope and complexity as the work indicated. Knowledge of the state regulations within the AOR. Indicate whether your firm worked as a prime or subcontractor, contract value, brief description of how the referenced contract relates to the work described, and a Government / Agency point of contact. Size: Experience providing all labor, supervision, management, tools, materials, equipment, facilities, transportation, incidental engineering, and other items necessary to provide Regional Electric Utility Tree Trimming and Ground Clearing Services as defined in the RFP. The Offeror shall demonstrate the required experience totaling at least $500,000.00, either on one contract or collectively over multiple contracts, over the past five years. (2) Company profile, to include number of offices and number of employees per office, annual receipts, office location(s), available bonding capacity, Unique Entity ID (UEI) number, and CAGE Code. (3) Please indicate if you are a Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, certified HUBZone Small Business, and certified 8(a) Business. (4) In order to assist us in determining the geographic boundaries of the contract(s) necessary to cover the services of the proposed requirement within our AOR, please identify the geographic area in which you can operate in an efficient and economical manner. The capabilities package for this sources sought notice is not expected to be a proposal, but rather a short statement regarding the company’s ability to demonstrate existing, or developed, expertise and experience in relation to this contract. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities package. Submission of a capabilities package is not a prerequisite to any potential future offerings, but participation will assist the Navy in tailoring requirements to be consistent with industry capabilities. Electronic submission will be accepted. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall be emailed to heather.l.race.civ@us.navy.mil and must be received no later than 2:00 PM Eastern Standard Time on 27 April 2024. Questions regarding this sources sought notice may be emailed to Heather L. Race at heather.l.race.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Asia BRACEY
  - Email: asia.c.bracey.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573411226
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Heather Race
  - Email: heather.l.race.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410093

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e5116be48b624997a6e973df3ad3f741/view)