---
layout: default
title: 183 MXS Hoist and Crane Inspections
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: eb5b7fec4b964cff94700d418df3210e
---

# 183 MXS Hoist and Crane Inspections

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 09:19:52.545-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S7U-26-Q-0003

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This combined synopsis/solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) # W50S7U-26-Q-0003. The following solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 (effective 01 Oct 25). This solicitation is 100% set aside for Small Business in accordance with (IAW) FAR 19.502-2(a) under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 811310 – Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance with a small business size standard of $12.5M applies to this procurement. Product Service Code (PSC) is H335. Service Contract Act (SCA) Wage Determination (WD) # 2015-5031 for Illinois is in effect for this requirement. RFQ Submission and Information for 183d Maintenance Squadron (183 MXS) Hoist and Crane Inspections: 1. Quotes shall conform to the CLIN structure as established in RFQ Submission Format. 2. Please see the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS) for detailed description of requirements. 3. Quotes shall be submitted to Capt Alicia Braun and MSgt Amanda Brenizer at Alicia.Braun@us.af.mil, and Amanda.Brenizer@us.af.mil not later than (NLT) 1:00 PM CDT, 24 March 2026. Oral offers will not be accepted. 4. The resulting contract(s) will be Firm-Fixed Price (FFP). 5. The resulting contract(s) will be for a base year with 4 option years. 6. All questions should be submitted by email to the contracting office NLT close of business on 18 March 2026, using the Request for Information (RFI) template provided. 6. Quotes will be evaluated to determine the best value to the Government providing the greatest overall benefit in response to the requirement based on price and meeting the performance requirements listed in the PWS. 7. Please quote the price per hoist/crane IAW the PWS for: CLIN 0001 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Yale 3-Ton Electric Hoists Quantity: 8 Each CLIN 0002 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Columbus 2-Ton Chain Fall Hoists Quantity: 10 Each CLIN 0003 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists Quantity: 4 Each CLIN 0004 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Kone 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0005 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Shepard Niles 5-Ton Electric Hoists Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0006 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0007 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Gorbel 2-Ton Electric Chain Hoists Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0008 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Loadstar 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0009 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Yale 3-Ton Electric Hoists - Option Year 1 Quantity: 8 Each CLIN 0010 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Columbus 2-Ton Chain Fall Hoists - Option Year 1 Quantity: 10 Each CLIN 0011 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 1 Quantity: 4 Each CLIN 0012 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Kone 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist - Option Year 1 Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0013 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Shepard Niles 5-Ton Electric Hoists - Option Year 1 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0014 183 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 1 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0015 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Gorbel 2-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 1 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0016 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Loadstar 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist - Option Year 1 Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0017 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Yale 3-Ton Electric Hoists - Option Year 2 Quantity: 8 Each CLIN 0018 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Columbus 2-Ton Chain Fall Hoists - Option Year 2 Quantity: 10 Each CLIN 0019 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 2 Quantity: 4 Each CLIN 0020 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Kone 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist - Option Year 2 Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0021 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Shepard Niles 5-Ton Electric Hoists - Option Year 2 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0022 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 2 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0023 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Gorbel 2-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 2 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0024 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Loadstar 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist - Option Year 2 Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0025 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Yale 3-Ton Electric Hoists - Option Year 3 Quantity: 8 Each CLIN 0026 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Columbus 2-Ton Chain Fall Hoists - Option Year 3 Quantity: 10 Each CLIN 0027 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 3 Quantity: 4 Each CLIN 0028 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Kone 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist - Option Year 3 Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0029 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Shepard Niles 5-Ton Electric Hoists - Option Year 3 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0030 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 3 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0031 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Gorbel 2-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 3 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0032 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Loadstar 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist - Option Year 3 Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0033 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Yale 3-Ton Electric Hoists - Option Year 4 Quantity: 8 Each CLIN 0034 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Columbus 2-Ton Chain Fall Hoists - Option Year 4 Quantity: 10 Each CLIN 0035 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 4 Quantity: 4 Each CLIN 0036 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Kone 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist - Option Year 4 Quantity: 1 Each CLIN 0037 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Shepard Niles 5-Ton Electric Hoists - Option Year 4 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0038 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Coffing 1-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 4 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0039 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Gorbel 2-Ton Electric Chain Hoists - Option Year 4 Quantity: 2 Each CLIN 0040 183 MXS Hoist/Crane Inspections – Loadstar 1/2-Ton Electric Chain Hoist - Option Year 4 Quantity: 1 Each Price per hoist/crane should include material, labor, and any applicable fees. Refer to the PWS for additional details. The Federal Government is tax exempt. Inspection Location is as noted in the PWS. Provision 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this requirement. Contractors (KTRs) who want to be considered for award shall submit the following: • Quote which conforms to the CLIN structure as established in RFQ Submission Format. • Company Qualifications to perform work (Certifications, Licenses, etc.) • Proposed schedule for completing the scheduled portion of the work. Inspections must be performed and completed no later than 07 April 2026. The following provisions apply to this solicitation and are incorporated by reference. This section will be physically removed from the final award. 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Confidentiality Agreements or Statements - Representation 52.204-7 System for Award Management - Registration 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations-Representation 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services – Representation 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 252.225-7065 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region-Representation The following provisions are included by full text for the purposes of this combined synopsis/solicitation. This section will be physically removed from the final award. 52.219-1 Small Business Program Representations (Feb 2024) (a) Definitions. As used in this provision- Economically disadvantaged women-owned small business (EDWOSB) concern means a small business concern that is at least 51 percent directly and unconditionally owned by, and the management and daily business operations of which are controlled by, one or more women who are citizens of the United States and who are economically disadvantaged in accordance with 13 CFR part 127, and the concern is certified by SBA or an approved third-party certifier in accordance with 13 CFR 127.300. It automatically qualifies as a women-owned small business concern eligible under the WOSB Program. Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) concern means a small business concern- (1) (i) Not less than 51 percent of which is owned and controlled by one or more service-disabled veterans or, in the case of any publicly owned business, not less than 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more service-disabled veterans; and (ii) The management and daily business operations of which are controlled by one or more service-disabled veterans or, in the case of a service-disabled veteran with permanent and severe disability, the spouse or permanent caregiver of such veteran or; (2) A small business concern eligible under the SDVOSB Program in accordance with 13 CFR part 128 (see subpart 19.14). (3) Service-disabled veteran, as used in this definition, means a veteran as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(2), with a disability that is service-connected, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(16), with a disability that is service-connected, as defined in 38 U.S.C. 101(16), and who is registered in the Beneficiary Identification and Records Locator Subsystem, or successor system that is maintained by the Department of Veterans Affairs’ Veterans Benefits Administration, as a service-disabled veteran. Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) concern eligible under the SDVOSB Program means an SDVOSB concern that— (1) Effective January 1, 2024, is designated in the System for Award Management (SAM) as certified by the Small Business Administration (SBA) in accordance with 13 CFR 128.300; or (2) Has represented that it is an SDVOSB concern in SAM and submitted a complete application for certification to SBA on or before December 31, 2023. Service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB) Program means a program that authorizes contracting officers to limit competition, including award on a sole-source basis, to SDVOSB concerns eligible under the SDVOSB Program. Small business concern— (1) Means a concern, including its affiliates, that is independently owned and operated, not dominant in its field of operation, and qualified as a small business under the criteria in 13 CFR part 121 and the size standard in paragraph (b) of this provision. (2) Affiliates, as used in this definition, means business concerns, one of whom directly or indirectly controls or has the power to control the others, or a third party or parties control or have the power to control the others. In determining whether affiliation exists, consideration is given to all appropriate factors including common ownership, common management, and contractual relationships. SBA determines affiliation based on the factors set forth at 13 CFR 121.103. Small disadvantaged business concern, consistent with 13 CFR 124.1001, means a small business concern under the size standard applicable to the acquisition, that- (1) Is at least 51 percent unconditionally and directly owned (as defined at 13 CFR 124.105) by- (i) One or more socially disadvantaged (as defined at 13 CFR 124.103) and economically disadvantaged (as defined at 13 CFR 124.104) individuals who are citizens of the United States, and (ii) Each individual claiming economic disadvantage has a net worth not exceeding the threshold at 13 CFR 124.104(c)(2) after taking into account the applicable exclusions set forth at 13 CFR 124.104(c)(2); and (2) The management and daily business operations of which are controlled (as defined at 13 CFR 124.106) by individuals who meet the criteria in paragraphs (1)(i) and (ii) of this definition. Veteran-owned small business concern means a small business concern- (1) Not less than 51 percent of which is owned by one or more veterans (as defined at 38 U.S.C.101(2)) or, in the case of any publicly owned business, not less than 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more veterans; and (2) The management and daily business operations of which are controlled by one or more veterans. Women-owned small business concern means a small business concern- (1) That is at least 51 percent owned by one or more women; or, in the case of any publicly owned business, at least 51 percent of the stock of which is owned by one or more women; and (2) Whose management and daily business operations are controlled by one or more women. Women-owned small business (WOSB) concern eligible under the WOSB Program (in accordance with 13 CFR part 127) means a small business concern that is at least 51 percent directly and unconditionally owned by, and the management and daily business operations of which are controlled by, one or more women who are citizens of the United States, and the concern is certified by SBA or an approved third-party certifier in accordance with 13 CFR 127.300. (b) (1) The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is _811310_. (2) The small business size standard is _$12.5M_. (3) The small business size standard for a concern that submits an offer, other than on a construction or service acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or produce (i.e., nonmanufacturer), is 500 employees, or 150 employees for information technology value-added resellers under NAICS code 541519, if the acquisition— (i) Is set aside for small business and has a value above the simplified acquisition threshold; (ii) Uses the HUBZone price evaluation preference regardless of dollar value, unless the offeror waives the price evaluation preference; or (iii) Is an 8(a), HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, economically disadvantaged women-owned, or women-owned small business set-aside or sole-source award regardless of dollar value. (c) Representations. (1) The offeror represents as part of its offer that— (i) it ? is, ? is not a small business concern; or (ii) It ? is, ? is not a small business joint venture that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 121.103(h) and 13 CFR 125.8(a) and (b). [ The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to the joint venture: __.] (2) [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a small business concern in paragraph (c)(1) of this provision.] The offeror represents that it ? is, ? is not, a small disadvantaged business concern as defined in 13 CFR 124.1001. (3) [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a small business concern in paragraph (c)(1) of this provision.] The offeror represents as part of its offer that it ? is, ? is not a women-owned small business concern. (4) Women-owned small business (WOSB) joint venture eligible under the WOSB Program. The offeror represents as part of its offer that it ? is, ? is not a joint venture that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 127.506(a) through (c). [ The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to the joint venture: __.] (5) Economically disadvantaged women-owned small business (EDWOSB) joint venture. The offeror represents as part of its offer that it ? is, ? is not a joint venture that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 127.506(a) through (c). [ The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to the joint venture: __.] (6) Veteran-owned small business concern. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a small business concern in paragraph (c)(1) of this provision.] The offeror represents as part of its offer that it ? is, ? is not a veteran-owned small business concern. (7) SDVOSB concern. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a veteran-owned small business concern in paragraph (c)(6) of this provision.] The offeror represents as part of its offer that it ? is, ? is not an SDVOSB concern. (8) SDVOSB joint venture eligible under the SDVOSB Program. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a SDVOSB concern in paragraph (c)(7) of this provision]. The offeror represents as part of its offer that it ? is, ? is not a SDVOSB joint venture eligible under the SDVOSB Program that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 128.402. [ The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to the joint venture:__.] (9) HUBZone small business concern. [Complete only if the offeror represented itself as a small business concern in paragraph (c)(1) of this provision.] The offeror represents, as part of its offer, that— (i) It ? is, ? is not a HUBZone small business concern listed, on the date of this representation, as having been certified by SBA as a HUBZone small business concern in the Dynamic Small Business Search and SAM, and will attempt to maintain an employment rate of HUBZone residents of 35 percent of its employees during performance of a HUBZone contract (see 13 CFR 126.200(e)(1)); and (ii) It ? is, ? is not a HUBZone joint venture that complies with the requirements of 13 CFR 126.616(a) through (c). [ The offeror shall enter the name and unique entity identifier of each party to the joint venture: __.] Each HUBZone small business concern participating in the HUBZone joint venture shall provide representation of its HUBZone status. (d) Notice. Under 15 U.S.C. 645(d), any person who misrepresents a firm’s status as a business concern that is small, HUBZone small, small disadvantaged, service-disabled veteran-owned small, economically disadvantaged women-owned small, or women-owned small eligible under the WOSB Program in order to obtain a contract to be awarded under the preference programs established pursuant to section 8, 9, 15, 31, and 36 of the Small Business Act or any other provision of Federal law that specifically references section 8(d) for a definition of program eligibility, shall- (1) Be punished by imposition of fine, imprisonment, or both; (2) Be subject to administrative remedies, including suspension and debarment; and (3) Be ineligible for participation in programs conducted under the authority of the Act. (End of provision) Alternate I (Feb 2024). As prescribed in 19.309 (a)(2) add the following paragraph (c)(10) to the basic provision: (10) [Complete if offeror represented itself as disadvantaged in paragraph (c)(2) of this provision.] The offeror shall check the category in which its ownership falls: ? Black American. ? Hispanic American. ? Native American (American Indians, Eskimos, Aleuts, or Native Hawaiians). ? Asian-Pacific American (persons with origins from Burma, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Brunei, Japan, China, Taiwan, Laos, Cambodia (Kampuchea), Vietnam, Korea, The Philippines, Republic of Palau, Republic of the Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Samoa, Macao, Hong Kong, Fiji, Tonga, Kiribati, Tuvalu, or Nauru). ? Subcontinent Asian (Asian-Indian) American (persons with origins from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, the Maldives Islands, or Nepal). ? Individual/concern, other than one of the preceding. 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/ (End of provision) 52.252-5 Authorized Deviations in Provisions (Nov 2020) (a) The use in this solicitation of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) provision with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the provision. (b) The use in this solicitation of any DEFENSE FEDERAL ACQUISTION REGULATION SUPPLEMENT (48 CFR Chapter 2) provision with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the name of the regulation. (End of provision) The following clauses are included for the purpose of this combined synopsis/solicitation and most current versions will be incorporated into the resulting award by reference and/or full text: 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards 52.204-13 System for Award Management - Maintenance 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (Deviation) 2025-O0003) 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside 52.219-28 Post-Award Small Business Program Representation 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor – Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-50 Combatting Trafficking in Persons 52.223-5 Pollution Prevention and Right to Know Information 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services 52.224-3 Privacy Act Training 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-- System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests 252.232-7006 Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Items All potential offerors/quoters are reminded that firms MUST be registered in the System for Award Management database at https://sam.gov to be considered for award. Lack of registration will make an offer ineligible for contract award. Quotes must be submitted to Capt Alicia Braun and MSgt Amanda Brenizer at Alicia.Braun@us.af.mil and Amanda.Brenizer@us.af.mil not later than (NLT) 1:00 PM CDT, 24 March 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amanda Brenizer
  - Email: Amanda.Brenizer@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2177571251
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Alicia C. Braun
  - Email: Alicia.Braun@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2177571265

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/eb5b7fec4b964cff94700d418df3210e/view)