---
layout: default
title: Human Systems Directorate Materials and Textiles Lab Tensile Tester Support
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 02d67db4ea9743ac9a8cff261d331d07
---

# Human Systems Directorate Materials and Textiles Lab Tensile Tester Support

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 10:43:21.235-04
- Solicitation Number: AFLCMC_ROU-26-0001

## Summary

Human Systems Directorate Lab Operational Support Sources Sought Notice (SSN): # AFLCMC_ROU-26-0001 General Introduction: This announcement constitutes a Sources Sought Notice (SSN) only. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC) Human Systems Division (AFLCMC/ROU) is conducting a market assessment to identify potential sources and companies that may possess the expertise, capabilities, and experience to respond to the requirements listed in this document to explore cost effective options to provide this capability and to obtain valuable feedback in regards to the requirements for one tensile tester for the Materials and textiles Lab (MTL). ALFCMC/ROU is issuing this SSS to explore cost effective options to provide this requirement and to obtain valuable feedback. This SSS is issued solely for information and planning purposes and will be considered to determine the acquisition strategy for the tensile tester as well as future solicitations. This is not a request for a quote, request for proposal, or an invitation to bid, nor is this to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. Additionally, this SSN does not restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will not reimburse or pay for any information submitted in response to this SSN or any follow-up information requests. Responders are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this SSN. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. All costs associated with responding to this SSN will be solely at the responding party’s expense. AFLCMC is not seeking Quotations at this time, and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Not responding to this SSN does not preclude participation in any future Request for Proposal (RFP), if issued. Small Businesses are encouraged to provide responses to this SSN in order to assist AFLCMC in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry, as well as helping to establish a basis for developing any subsequent subcontracting goals. The acquisition strategy is still being determined. The Government’s intent is to use market research results to determine whether this requirement will be a full and open competition, a small business set aside, a sole source acquisition, or utilization of DLA contract. If there is sufficient demonstrated interest and capability among small business contractors, then it may be determined that a small business set-aside is appropriate. A key factor in determining if an acquisition will be a small business set-aside is that two or more potential small business prime contractors must be capable of performing at least 50% of the effort, as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14, “Limitations on Subcontracting”. Note: The Nonmanufacturer Rule exception applies to this acquisition (see FAR 19.102(f) for more details). If it is determined that a small business set-aside is appropriate, and your company anticipates submitting a proposal as the prime contractor for a small business set- aside, please provide specific details and rationale as to how compliance with FAR 52.219-14 would be achieved, including specific details regarding teaming arrangements, etc. If subcontracts are to be used, provide anticipated percentage of effort to be subcontracted and whether small or large businesses will be used. Teaming and/or subcontracting arrangements should be clearly delineated and previous experience in teaming must be provided. If this effort is not set-aside for small business, small business utilization will be considered. Large and small businesses should provide a reasonable expectation for small business utilization as a percent of total contract value, as well as supporting rationale for the recommended percentage. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor the SAM.gov site for additional information pertaining to this SSN. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this inquiry. This announcement shall not be construed as a formal solicitation. It does not commit the Government to reply to the information received, to later publish a solicitation, or to award a contract based on this information. Companies may be contacted if additional information is needed to fully understand the marketplace and/or comments to the requirements. Responders should also state whether they are interested in being a prime contractor for this requirement or a subcontractor. Purpose: The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice (SSN) is to gather information on the current state and availability of vendors that are capable of providing, delivering, and installing a new 300 kN universal testing machine (tensile tester), including the removal and disposal of the existing government-owned tester. The system will be used at Wright Patterson AFB to conduct critical test and evaluation of advanced materials to determine their mechanical properties. The feedback received from this SSN will be used to assess if the technical requirements for the equipment, software, installation, and verification, as stated in the requirements below, are achievable within the current industry. Material and Textiles Lab Universal Testing Machine Requirements: The contractor shall provide all necessary labor, materials, equipment, and transportation to deliver and install one (1) new universal testing machine (tensile tester). The contractor shall remove the existing Instron 5584 tester from its location in the lab in order to place the new testing unit. The system shall have a minimum static force capacity of 300kN. The system load frame shall be an extra-height configuration with a tall support base and stabilizers to ensure stability and accommodate a wide range of test fixtures and large specimens. The system shall be delivered with a static load cell with a capacity of 150 kN. The system shall be delivered with a static load cell with a capacity of 50 kN. The system shall include a comprehensive software suite for machine control, test method development, data acquisition, analysis, and reporting. The operating software shall provide an intuitive, user-friendly interface and allow for the creation and storage of complex, user-defined test methods. The software must include a library of standard calculations and allow for the generation of customized test reports. Installation must be performed by a factory-trained and certified Service Engineer and include a full system introduction and safety overview for up to four operators. The contractor shall provide detailed onsite software instruction for up to four operators, to include the development of up to five new or converted test methods based on the user's specific applications. The contractor shall perform onsite integration with a customer-supplied computer, including software installation and verification of stable communication between the computer and the test system. An onsite force verification shall be performed in accordance with ASTM E4 in both tension and compression across the full 0-300 KN range, with a certificate of compliance provided. An onsite crosshead speed of 12”/min and displacement of 105” with a certificate of compliance provided. A distance of at least 24” between the twin columns of the machine. A minimum one-year comprehensive system warranty is required, which must cover all parts, labor, and travel expenses for repairs, as well as two years of priority technical support and access to software updates. Please document any feedback to each of the requirements. The scope of your comments should include the following: Clearly describe your ability to meet each of the requirements listed above. Please verify you can meet the requirements and if you cannot, please clearly state which requirements you can meet. A detailed list of any Government Furnished Equipment, Property, or Information that may be needed to complete this effort, as applicable. A detailed list of any Contractor Furnished Equipment, Property, or Information that may be available to complete this effort, as applicable. Describe your existing support capabilities including staff, training, knowledge, skills and abilities. Sources Sought Responses: Please provide your SSN responses to colin.cochran@us.af.mil and ben.heath.2@us.af.mil by 12:00pm EST on 1 April 2026. Title e-mail responses in the subject line of the e- mail as follows: “Response to Human Systems Directorate Materials and Textiles Lab Tensile Tester Support Sources Sought Notice # AFLCMC_ROU-26-0001 ". Responses shall include the following administrative information: Company/Institute name Address Point of Contact Cage Code DUNS Number Phone Number E-mail Address Web page URL Is your company domestically or foreign owned? If foreign, please indicate the country of ownership. All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoD contract. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement, if applicable to the company’s capabilities, should be included in the company’s NAICS code listing in the SAM. The NAICS Code for this action is 334519. Based on the NAICS Code, state whether your company qualifies as a: Small Business (Yes/No) Woman Owned Small Business (Yes/No) Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned Small Business (Yes/No) 8(a) Certified (Yes/No) If yes, SBA certification Date: SBA Graduation Date: HUB Zone Certified (Yes/No) Veteran Owned Small Business (Yes/No) Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (Yes/No) Statement as to whether your company is domestically or foreign owned (if foreign owned, please indicate country of ownership). Please limit your responses to no more than 10 pages, to include answers to the questions above; furthermore, identify a representative to support further Government inquiries and requests for clarification of the information provided, if needed. Marketing materials alone are considered an insufficient response to this Sources Sought synopsis. Responders should indicate which portions of their responses are proprietary and mark accordingly. All information received in response to this SSS that is properly marked as “proprietary” will be handled accordingly. Proprietary information must be clearly marked on the outside container and on the materials inside. The Government shall not be liable for, or suffer any consequential damages, for any proprietary information not properly identified. Questions: Responses to questions from interested parties will be promptly answered and posted on the SAM website, unless some release of proprietary information is involved or the answer addresses a question specific to a company or that company’s response. Post submittal, one- on-one information sessions with responders are not contemplated; however, they may be offered to responders to clarify the Government’s understanding of their submittal, the capability ramifications, or to discuss their business approach. Information feedback sessions may be offered to responders after the SSN assessments are completed. AF Points of Contact (POC) for this SSN: Ben Heath Contracting Officer ben.heath.2@us.af.mil Contracting Office Address: Building 12 1981 Monahan Way Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433 Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. Please submit questions to the POCs above. All questions will be answered via posting answers to this SAM website; except as provided above. Additionally, questions must NOT contain trade secrets or classified information. The Government reserves the right to not address questions received after 1 April 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ben Heath
  - Email: ben.heath.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 1-385-634-2843
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mia Dunford
  - Email: mia.dunford.2.ctr@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3856338210

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/02d67db4ea9743ac9a8cff261d331d07/view)