---
layout: default
title: SINCGARS Installation Kits and the Associated Components
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 1cd6ab2e6e4e47f8b4328be018aa46b2
---

# SINCGARS Installation Kits and the Associated Components

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 12:56:34.07-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRBL126R0007

## Summary

This Request for Proposal (RFP) is a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (ID/IQ) contract, Long-Term Contract (LTC), consisting of one five-year base period with no option years. This acquisition is for the procurement of eleven (11) SINCGARS Installation Kits and the Associated Components. SINCGARS is a family of Very High Frequency-Frequency Modulation (VHF-FM) combat net radios designed to provide the primary means of command and control for combat, combat support, and combat service support units.The items listed below are the subject of this solicitation and are expected to be acquired under this procurement action. NSN: 5895-01-218-3962 Part Number: PPL-10132 Nomenclature: Installation Kit, Electronic Equipment MK-2394/VRC Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 82 Year 2: 82 Year 3: 82 Year 4: 82 Year 5: 54 NSN: 5985-01-590-7960 Part Number: PPL10712 Nomenclature: Installation Kit, Electronic Equipment MK-3149/VRC Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 0 Year 2: 32 Year 3: 32 Year 4: 32 Year 5: 32 NSN: 5985-01-590-7962 Part Number: C5078302-1 Nomenclature: Speed Gear Assembly Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 70 Year 2: 70 Year 3: 70 Year 4: 71 Year 5: 61 NSN: 5895-01-616-6168 Part Number: PPL-10711 Nomenclature: Installation Kit, Electronic Equipment MK-3174/VRC Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 46 Year 2: 46 Year 3: 46 Year 4: 46 Year 5: 46 NSN: 5895-01-241-0812 Part Number: PPL-10502 Nomenclature: Installation Kit, Electronic Equipment MK-2715/VRC Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 72 Year 2: 73 Year 3: 73 Year 4: 70 Year 5: 60 NSN: 5975-01-188-8873 Part Number: A3013367-1 Nomenclature: Mounting Base, Electrical Equipment MT-6352/VRC Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 798 Year 2: 833 Year 3: 826 Year 4: 822 Year 5: 615 NSN: 5965-01-222-1420 Part Number: A3014065-1 Nomenclature: Loudspeaker-Control Unit, LS-671/VRC Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 0 Year 2: 1255 Year 3: 1255 Year 4: 0 Year 5: 0 NSN: 5995-01-218-6466 Part Number: A3014035-4 Nomenclature: Cable Assembly, Special Purpose, Electrical CX-13290/VRC (22 FT, 0IN) Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 4 Year 2: 4 Year 3: 4 Year 4: 0 Year 5: 0 NSN: 5995-01-219-4706 Part Number: A3014038-5 Nomenclature: Cable Assembly, Special Purpose, Electrical CX-13292/VRC (18FT, 0IN) Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 33 Year 2: 35 Year 3: 35 Year 4: 23 Year 5: 0 NSN: 6150-01-300-9324 Part Number: A3014040-9 Nomenclature: Cable Assembly, Power, Electrical CX-13303/VRC (4FT, 6IN) Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 1801 Year 2: 1943 Year 3: 1869 Year 4: 1869 Year 5: 653 NSN: 5995-01-382-6869 Part Number: A3014038-14 Nomenclature: Cable Assembly, Special Purpose, Electrical CX-13292/VRC (100FT, 0IN Best Estimated Quantity (BEQ): Year 1: 126 Year 2: 126 Year 3: 126 Year 4: 121 Year 5: 20 The minimum contract value for all award(s) single and combined is $19,134,798.61. The maximum contract value for all award(s) single and combined is $25,608,267.09. This is a five-year base contract and no option period of performance contract. The period of performance contract years will be incorporated in the award. This market survey is to locate the manufacturer(s) only for the Installation Kits (IKs) and the Associate Components in support of the Single Channel Ground and Airborne Radio System (SINCGARS) Radio Sets. SINCGARS is a family of Very High Frequency-Frequency Modulation (VHF-FM) combat net radios designed to provide the primary means of command and control for combat, combat support, and combat service support units. The SINCGARS radios provide a resistance to jamming via Electronic Counter-Countermeasures (ECCM). The SINCGARS family of radios has the capability to transmit and receive voice and digital data and is consistent with North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Interoperability requirements. SINCGARS is the primary soldier-to-soldier communications system and is one of the five major communications/data elements that provide seamless digital communications to the Army end user. SINCGARS IKs are designed to install a specified SINCGARS radio system into a specified vehicle. Each IK contains the different components depends on the SINCGARS radio configuration being installed with the specific IK(s). Most of the SINCGARS IKs contains Mounting Base, Electrical, MT-6352/VRC; Loudspeaker-Control Unit, LS-671/VRC; Antenna, Vehicular (High Voltage Center-Fed) AS-3900A/VRC, or Antenna, Vehicular (Survivable Low Profile), AS-3916/VRC; Handset, H-250/VCEB and Various Cable Assemblies, which are considered to be the major components of these IKs and the hardware. Some of them contain the mechanical parts and the hardware only. First Article Test (FAT) will be required for the SINCGARS IKs contain electronic components. FAT will be performed on the above-mentioned major components of the IKs, but not on the IK itself. The manufacturer(s) shall have capability to complete the FAT test successfully and commence the delivery within 12 months after the contract award. Proposals will be evaluated in accordance with the FAR 15.101-2 Lowest Price Technically Acceptable source selection process. Proposals must be submitted and uploaded through the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module. Proposals must have a validity date of 180 days after close of the solicitation. To be considered for award an offeror must meet or exceed technical standards for the following non-price factors: 1) Supplies-Terms and Conditions, 2) Delivery, and 3) Past Performance. Contractor Performed First Article Testing (FAT) is applicable. For the SINCGARS Installation Kits (IKs), FAT is performed on the major components of the IKs, to include Mounting Base MT-6352/VRC, Loudspeaker - Control Unit LS-671/VRC, Antenna AS-3900A/VRC, Antenna AS-3916/VRC, Handset H-250/VCEB and the Various Cable Assemblies. The Contractor shall submit the first article test report within 270 calendar days from the date of this contract to the Contracting Officer, DLA Land at Aberdeen, 6565 Surveillance Loop, Room C1-301, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD 21005-1846, DODAAC SPRBL1. Within 30 calendar days after the Government receives the test report, the Contracting Officer shall notify the Contractor, in writing, of the conditional approval, approval, or disapproval of the first article. The Government does possess the technical data package (TDP) for the parts. The TDP is available for releaseupon request. This information shall not be provided to non-U.S. persons or transferred by any means to any location outside the United States Department of State. A company wishing to receive the TDPs must have an active status in the Defense Logistics Agency Joint Certification Program (JCP). Once your company has been verified to have active status in JCP, we will upload the TDPs that will be uploaded into DOD Safe Access File Exchange (SAFE). You will then receive an e-mail from the DOD SAFE site, https://safe.apps.mil/, with a link to the package ID and a password. See attached Full solicitation. Point of Contact: Secondary: Matthew.W.Casey@dla.mil Primary: Keaneesha.a.Canady@dla.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Keaneesha A. Canady
  - Email: keaneesha.a.canady@dla.mil
  - Phone: 443-861-4529
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Casey
  - Email: matthew.casey@dla.mil
  - Phone: (571) 231-8331

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1cd6ab2e6e4e47f8b4328be018aa46b2/view)