---
layout: default
title: Cold Bay Alaska Groundwater Monitoring
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: b67398c905894b53801a76c097351363
---

# Cold Bay Alaska Groundwater Monitoring

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 12:35:21.149-04
- Solicitation Number: 697DCK-26-R-00233

## Summary

The FAA has a requirement for remedial action (RA) as well as soil and groundwater sampling in accordance with Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation’s (ADEC) of August 2024 Field Sampling Guidance, and Site Characterization Work Plan and Reporting Guidance for Investigation of Contaminated Sites (ADEC March 2017) at Cold Bay, AK. Below is an abbreviation of the statement of work and no attachments will be provided until solicitation: - The Contractor must provide all travel, equipment, supplies and labor required to perform RI and RA activities at multiple locations in Cold Bay, Alaska. There are twelve areas of concern (AOC) included in this scope of work. Ten of the AOCs are locations where underground storage tanks (UST) used to be which require additional contaminated soil to be removed from the bottom of the UST, removal excavation to a depth of 15 feet. -Two of the sites are where surface spills have occurred. The simplified short approach lighting system with runway alignment indicator lighting (SSALR) oil leak was identified in 1996 as leaking oil-filled electrical equipment next to Building 416, and samples of the oil were collected and found to contain PCB’s <1 mg/L. No apparent site activities have occurred at the SSALR Building 416 Oil leak since 1996. The International Flight Service Station (IFST) surface staining appears to be the result of a leaking drum of used oil from an unknown source. - The Contractor shall perform all work in such a manner as to minimize pollution of air, surface, land and groundwater, and to control noise and dust within reasonable limits or limits established by applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. - The contractor must abide by all applicable laws, codes, regulations, and guidance, and is required to perform all work in full compliance with federal, state, and local laws, codes, and regulations. - The contractor must grant the Government unlimited rights to contractor deliverables and technical data. - The Contractor is required to identify all appropriate laws, codes, regulations, and guidance and to perform all work in full compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws, codes, and regulations. - The Contractor shall investigate requirements for and obtain Environmental Permits, Licenses, and/or Certificates necessary to accomplish work specified in the SOW. Required clearances, such as excavation, digging, or drilling permits, shall be obtained prior to initiation of site operations by the Contractor. A building permit from the State of Alaska will be required for one site inside the airport. This permit will be obtained by the FAA. - The Contractor shall prepare, implement and enforce, for each project site, a Site Health and Safety Plan (SHSP). - It is the responsibility of the Contractor to provide all facilities, equipment, monitoring instruments, materials, and personnel necessary to protect the Contractor and subcontractor’s on-site personnel from physical injury and adverse health effects due to hazards. - Contractor will document with photographs the site conditions and sampling efforts. -Soil Remediation To reduce exposure risk to humans, contaminated soil must be removed to a depth of 15 feet. The depth of the excavations will create very wide excavations that will have large stockpiles of clean overburden. Contractor will have to manage the excavations and stockpiles accordingly in compliance with state regulations. Soil samples from the excavation and stockpiles will be analyzed in accordance with the Field Sampling Guidance, Appendix F (ADEC 2024) for Arctic diesel fuel. -Groundwater Monitoring Prior to performing RA, sample 31 wells at various locations throughout the Cold Bay station. Samples at each monitoring well shall be collected using low-flow sampling techniques and submitted for laboratory analysis -Purge Water Processing All water purged from groundwater monitoring wells will be treated with granular activated carbon (GAC) filter and collected into a suitable storage and shipping container. Once all purge water has been processed through the GAC filter, the contents of the container will be sampled for per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) using EPA Method 1633.3 -Surveying A horizontal and vertical survey of all sampling locations, monitoring wells, and any other locations deemed to be pertinent to the project, must be conducted to third-order accuracy. Use of a map grade GPS is acceptable for surveying sample locations if the GPS is capable of achieving third order accuracy. Training Requirements - Airport access will require training of contractor staff at the Cold Bay Airport Manager’s office on site. - At least one person currently certified in standard First Aid/CPR by the American Red Cross or equivalent agency shall always be present on-site during site operations. -The EPA requires in 40 CFR Part 265.16 all personnel working on hazardous waste sites to be trained in hazardous waste management procedures, and emergency response. The training requirements for different size generators vary. However, since FAA projects have the potential to be large quantity generators, Contractors must have personnel trained at the level required to work at large quantity generator site. In order to better understand the market for this potential requirement, the FAA requests the following information from interested Small Business vendors: 1. Name of Company (the resultant Prime contractor that may ultimately be awarded the subsequent contract) 2. Address 3. Point of Contact name, email address and telephone number 4. UEI Number 5. Relevant experience on similar projects within the last five years (at least 2 projects). Please provide specific contract numbers, contact names and email information to support claimed capabilities. Limit to 5 pages. Please submit your capability statement and the above information to Sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov no later than April 21 , 2026 at 1200 Central Time. Failure to respond to this pre-solicitation with all of the requested information will preclude a Contractor’s ability to receive a copy of the future solicitation. Limit complete responses to no more than five pages. Information will not be released; however, mark PROPRIETARY on all documents submitted, as applicable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sonia Holguin
  - Email: sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov
  - Phone: 8172224397
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brandi Holmes
  - Email: brandi.b.holmes@faa.gov
  - Phone: 8172224763

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: (ADEC 2024) for Arctic diesel fuel. -Groundwater Monitoring Prior to performing RA, sample 31 wells at various locations throughout the Cold Bay station. Samples at each monitoring well shall be collected using low-flow sampling techniques and submitted for laboratory analysis -Purge Water Processing All water purged from groundwater monitoring wells will be treated with granular activated carbon (GAC) filter and collected into a suitable storage and shipping container. Once all purge water has been processed through the GAC filter, the contents of the container will be sampled for per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) using EPA Method 1633.3 -Surveying A horizontal and vertical survey of all sampling locations, monitoring wells, and any other locations deemed to be pertinent to the project, must be conducted to third-order accuracy. Use of a map grade GPS is acceptable for surveying sample locations if the GPS is capable of achieving third order accuracy. Training Requirements - Airport access will require training of contractor staff at the Cold Bay Airport Manager’s office on site. - At least one person currently certified in standard First Aid/CPR by the American Red Cross or equivalent agency shall always be present on-site during site operations. -The EPA requires in 40 CFR Part 265.16 all personnel working on hazardous waste sites to be trained in hazardous waste management procedures, and emergency response. The training requirements for different size generators vary. However, since FAA projects have the potential to be large quantity generators, Contractors must have personnel trained at the level required to work at large quantity generator site. In order to better understand the market for this potential requirement, the FAA requests the following information from interested Small Business vendors: 1. Name of Company (the resultant Prime contractor that may ultimately be awarded the subsequent contract) 2. Address 3. Point of Contact name, email address and telephone number 4. UEI Number 5. Relevant experience on similar projects within the last five years (at least 2 projects). Please provide specific contract numbers, contact names and email information to support claimed capabilities. Limit to 5 pages. Please submit your capability statement and the above information to Sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov no later than April 21 , 2026 at 1200 Central Time. Failure to respond to this pre-solicitation with all of the requested information will preclude a Contractor’s ability to receive a copy of the future solicitation. Limit complete responses to no more than five pages. Information will not be released; however, mark PROPRIETARY on all documents submitted, as applicable

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b67398c905894b53801a76c097351363/view)