# RING,RETAINING

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 11:01:02.984-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QFC77

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.24|WWV|N/A|ashton.k.perry.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See sections C and E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8||X||X||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT (COMBO)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|N50286|TBD|N/A|N/A|TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS MECH| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year. |365 days after date of last delivery.||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332722|600 employees|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| 1. This requirement requires access to NOFORN and/or Naval Nuclear Propulsion Information. See local text WSSTERMHZ12 for further information. If you wish to obtain a copy of the drawings, please download the security agreement form from SAM.gov and email the completed, signed form to ashton.k.perry.civ@us.navy.mil. 2. The resulting award will not contain Government source Inspection (GSI) 3. FAR Clause 52.232-25(a)(5), entitled Prompt Payment, Constructive Acceptance is changed from 7 days to 45 days after delivery of the supplies in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract. 4. Note to DCMA ACO: Clause NAVSUPWSSGA02 is amended to include Post Award PCO retaining the following functions: FAR 42.302(3), (32), (37), (38), (40),(41),(43), (45 through 51), (60) and (62). 5. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders,delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed here in. 6. The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Final delivery of material (186 days) 7. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded will be a rated order. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 1.1.1 DSSP Scope of Certification Material - Material Control Division ;(C); applies to this material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.3 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. DRAWING DATA=7108102 |53711| -| |D|0001 | -|00026|0000000 DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;The Ring, Seat Retaining must be manufactured in accordance with NAVSEA Drawing 7108102 item9 except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.2 Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test Laboratories - The Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test of QQ-N-286 must be performed by one of the following laboratories: Huntington Alloys, a Special Metals Company Attn: Bill Bolenr 3200 Riverside Drive Huntington, WV 257059 Phone: (304) 526-5889 FAX: (304) 526-5973 Metallurgical Consultants, Inc. Attn: W. M. Buehler 4820 Caroline PO Box 88046 Houston, TX 77288-0046 Phone: (713) 526-6351 FAX: (713) 526-2964 Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division Attn: Eric Focht Code 614 9500 Macarthur Blvd West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700 Phone: (301) 227-5032 FAX: (301) 227-5576 Teledyne Allvac Attn: Dr. W. D. Cao 2020 Ashcraft Ave. Monroe, NC 28110 Phone: (704) 289-4511 FAX: (704) 289-4269 Westmoreland Mechanical Testing and Research Inc. Attn: Andrew Wisniewski P.O. Box 388 Youngstown, PA 15696-0388 Mannesmann Rohrenwerke Mannesmann Forschungsinstitut (MFI) Attn: Dr. Weiss Postfach 251160 47251 Duisburg Germany Phone: 011-49-0203-9993194 FAX: 011-49-0203-9994415 ThyssenKrupp VDM USA, Inc. Attn: D. C. Agarwal 11210 Steeplecrest Drive, Suite 120 Houston, TX 77065-4939 Phone: (281) 955-6683 3.3 Marking - This item must be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130. 3.4 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government inelectronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.4.1 Waivers/Deviations - Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or minor. All waivers and deviations require review and approval bythe Contracting Officer. A copy of approved waivers and deviations with related OQE must be submitted via WAWF as part of the entire OQE package. (SOC MCD C material requires both approved and disapproved waivers and deviations be submitted) Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to theoperational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.4.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted using the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 3.4.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of theproduct. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineeringchange. 3.5 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Notes to the Contractor - 4.1.1 The Contractor for proprietary designs - Departures from Contractor imposed requirements, not specifically covered by the contract, must be judged individually on the basis of the effect, if any, on contractual requirements. The departure must be considered a nonconformance and be submitted to the PCO for disposition. 4.1.2 The Contractor for proprietary designs - All records of departures from Contractor imposed requirements must be maintained and available for review at the Contractor's facility. A record of these departures, traceable to the applicable part number and contract number must be submitted to the PCO. 4.1.3 The Contractor for proprietary designs - For proprietary designs, the contractor's part numbers are acceptable for reference only. The delivered material must conform to all drawings, specifications, and other contractual requirements. 4.1.4 The Contractor - The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is available for certain data submissions, and to submit questions and clarifications, and waiver requests on Contracts and Solicitations. ECDS can be found at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. 6.1.1 There are 7 (seven) separate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161. 6.2 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS. 6.3 Recent Updates - A short description of recent updates to the technical requirements of this item are listed below, along with an implementation date for each issue. The notes below are only a generic quick reference and are provided for convenience only, detailed requirements will be defined elsewhere in the technical sections of this Contract/Purchase Order. ;10/20/2016 - Updated ECDS URL May 16 2013 - Removed GSI from this Material.;

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/205087fa13bc4c2c96f267d191c26c1d/view