---
layout: default
title: 6505--05-01-2026 NEED AP JERRY Radiopharmaceuticals
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 5b466c5a65154b7b8f4598cd1179f113
---

# 6505--05-01-2026 NEED AP JERRY Radiopharmaceuticals

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-20 11:05:41.823-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0363
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Department of Veterans Affairs, Networking Contracting Office (NCO 01) located in West Haven, CT, intends to enter into a sole source procurement, pursuant to the authority of FAR 6.302-1, with Cardinal Health, Inc., for the following requirement: STATEMENT OF WORK RADIOPHARMACEUTICALS Contractor to provide Radiopharmaceutical products as listed herein, as requested by authorized VA Staff, in order to support the West Haven Campus of VA Connecticut Healthcare System (VACHS) 950 Campbell Ave, West Haven, CT 06516. All radiopharmaceutical supplies provided under this contractor shall be F.O.B. Destination; fuel surcharges shall not be allowed nor added to the invoice. All radiopharmaceuticals provided shall be USDA and USP approved. VA Connecticut prefers procurement of radioisotopes derived from non-High Enriched Uranium (HEU) sources as long as adequate supplies are available. The contractor must provide at least 7 or more FDG doses in one Bulk vial for the Intego MedRad infusion system. In addition, the contractor must also provide a turnaround time of at least 4 hours for WBC Tagged. Contractor will provide for the placement of one or more telephone delivery order (s) per day for items listed in the Pricing and Cost Schedule, 24 hours per day, seven days a week, including holidays. Contractor must be licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and be regularly established in the business of providing radiopharmaceuticals. Offeror must provide copies of licenses and certifications along with quote to the Contracting Officer. DELIVERY ORDERS: Normally orders shall be placed during the workday and delivery shall be required by 6:00 am or 11:00am the following workday, depending on what is specified when the order is placed. Due to the demands of VACHS patient care requirements, there shall be no restriction to the number of orders which may be placed by VA, or the number of deliveries which may be required per day. In the event that the requirements may be determined in advance, a longer delivery time will be scheduled accordingly. The delivery order shall specify: contract item (s) and quantity, time (s) of delivery and applicable VA order number. Orders can be placed orally by telephone, fax transmission or on-line website. Contractor shall routinely provide two (2) deliveries per day. DELIVERY LOCATION: Deliveries will be made to: WEST HAVEN CAMPUS: VA Connecticut Healthcare System VA Connecticut Healthcare System Attn: Nuclear Medicine Department 115, or Attn: PET Center Building One, Ground Floor G141 Building One, Sub ground 114 950 Campbell Ave. 950 Campbell Ave West Haven, CT 06516 West Haven, CT 06516 EMERGENCY ORDERING PROCEDURES: An added cost is provided in the Pricing and Cost Schedule for additional deliveries in excess of two (2) per day. Depending upon the availability of the product, the Contractor shall make deliveries within 2 hours when orders are placed between the hours of 8:00 am and 4:30 p.m. on weekdays and within 2 hours when orders are placed weeknights (between the hours of 4:30 p.m. and 8:00 am), weekends and holidays. DELIVERY COMMITMENT: Time of delivery specified or mutually agreed to at the time of receipt of telephone order shall become mandatory upon the Contractor. Failure to perform in accordance with the delivery commitment may be grounds for termination of contract in accordance with the provisions for default. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Contract will have a Period of Performance from 6/1/2026 to 5/31/2027 with 4 option years. SUPPLIES OR SERVICES AND PRICES/COSTS: Contractor to provide Radiopharmaceutical products as listed herein, as requested by authorized VA Staff, to support the West Haven campus of VA Connecticut Healthcare System (VACHS), 950 Campbell Ave, West Haven, CT 06516. UltraTag Vial Potassium Iodide Tablet (Iosat) Macro Aggregated Albumin Vial Medronate Vial Pentetate Vial Pyrophosphate Vial Ga-67 Gallium Citrate UD I-123 Ioflupane UD I-123 Ioflupane Vial I-123 Iobenguane Sulfate UD I-123 USP NaI 100 uCi Cap I-123 USP NaI 200 uCi Cap I-131 USP NaI DX Cap mCi I-131 USP NaI DX Cap uCi I-131 USP NaI TX Cap In-111 Pentetate SDV/Vial In-111 Pentetreotide UD In-111 WBC Blood Kit (ACD & Hetastarch) In-111 WBC Bld Kit (Heparin&Hetastarch) Tc-99m Exametazime UD Tc-99m Macro Aggregated Albumin UD Tc-99m Mebrofenin UD Tc-99m Medronate UD Tc-99m Mertiatide UD Tc-99m NaTcO4 MD Tc-99m NaTcO4 UD mCi Tc-99m Oxidronate UD Tc-99m Pentetate UD Tc-99m Pyrophosphate UD Tc-99m Sestamibi UD Tc-99m Sulfur Colloid UD Tc-99m Tetrofosmin UD Tc-99m WBC Blood Kit (ACD & Hetastarch) Tc-99m WBC Bld Kit (Heparin&Hetastarch) Tc-99m Exametazime WBC's Tl-201 Thallous Chloride UD Tc-99m Cardiolite UD Tc-99m Filtered Sulfur Colloid (uCi) UD Tc-99m Lymphoseek Study Dose Ra-223 Xofigo per uCi After Hours Callout After Hours Delivery Charge Stat Weekday Delivery 4 Weekday Delivery 5 Weekend Delivery 1 Weekend Delivery 2 Weekend Delivery 3 F-18 FDG UD F-18 FDG UD Source F-18 NaF UD Ga-68 NetSpot Ga-68 Illuccix Stat Weekday Delivery 4 Weekday Delivery 5 Weekend Delivery 1 Weekend Delivery 2 Weekend Delivery 3 The NAICS code for this requirement is 325412. Cardinal Health, Inc. is the only contractor capable of providing all the Nuclear Medicine and PET radiopharmaceuticals used on a daily and weekly basis. Products such as XOFIGO, ILLUCCIX, and NETSPOT are dispensed exclusively through Cardinal Health. The other radiopharmaceutical contractors are located farther away and can only provide a minimum of products that are required. This notice of intent is not a solicitation nor is it a request for proposal. However, interested parties that believe they can satisfy the requirement must clearly identify their capability to do so in writing by Tuesday, April 28, 2026, at 12 pm EST time. Response should be sent to Jerry Choinski at Jerry.Choinski@va.gov. Information submitted in response to this notice will be used solely to determine whether competitive procedures could be used for this acquisition. A determination not to open this requirement to competition based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jerry Choinski
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: jerry.choinski@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5b466c5a65154b7b8f4598cd1179f113/view)