---
layout: default
title: J074--HWW RICOH Copier Maintenance
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: ccd8f8d1f7ba4c63a20777cb63254bd3
---

# J074--HWW RICOH Copier Maintenance

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 16:54:56.571-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0358
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice Presolicitation Notice *=Required Field Presolicitation Notice Page 1 of 2 DESCRIPTION Please note the Government intends to issue the solicitation for RICOH Copier Maintenance for the Washington DC Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center Community Living Center (CLC). The anticipated performance period is for a Base year plus 1 (one) Option year, April 30, 2026 - April 29, 2027 and April 30, 2027 - April 29, 2028, respectfully. This requirement is a set-aside for Small Business concerns under the authority of FAR 19.205. Only those Small Businesses listed and viewable in the Small Business Administration (SBA) database located at https://search.certifications.sba.gov. The SBA database will be checked at the time of offer submission as well as prior to award. The awarded contractor must also submit evidence of enrollment with VETS4212 in order to receive award. The resultant contract will be a Base plus 1 option year commercial Firm Fixed Price Contract. All contractors have to be registered in the SAM Database https://www.sam.gov prior to contract award pursuant to FAR provision 52.204-7. Therefore, prospective offerors are encouraged to register prior to the submittal of quotations. STATEMENT OF WORK A. GENERAL INFORMATION 1. General: The Hershel Woody Williams VAMC in Huntington, WV requires a Maintenance Contract to cover VA owned RICOH All in One Multi-Function Devices (MFD) (Copiers / Printers / Fax) the number of units are subject to change pending new purchases or turn in of existing units. We currently have 1 Production machine that will be covered under this Contract. 2. Scope of Work: The contractor shall provide all resources necessary to accomplish maintenance service, provide toner, parts and other supplies, excluding paper as described in the statement of work (SOW) for 7,988 Black and White copies and 4,993 Color Copies per Month for the MFDs listed in this SOW. 3. Performance Period: Base: April 30, 2026 - April 29, 2027 OY1: April 30, 2027 - April 29, 2028 4. Type of Contract: Firm Fixed. A firm fixed cost per Copier will be agreed to. The number of copiers will vary throughout the length of the Contract as new copiers may be added, and old Copiers may be removed. VA will be invoiced monthly per the number of Copiers covered during each month. 5. Places of Performance: The RICOH Unit mentioned for this contract are located at: a.VA Medical Center 1540 Spring Valley Dr. Huntington WV 25704 B. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS 1.Provide Maintenance Service to include all Parts, Labor, Toner and other supplies necessary, excluding paper, to keep operational the device covered under this Contact for the following current inventory of All in One MFDs. The MDF serial number covered is listed below: Model # Serial # PRO C5310 C84316339 The Vendor is responsible for mounting the Surge Protectors for each Copier to either the Copier itself or to the wall. The Vendor is also responsible for positioning all cables in a manner that keeps them off the floor. Surge Protectors and cables cannot be on the floor as this violates VA Regulations. Hours of operation are 8:00 am to 4:30 pm Monday through Friday excluding Federal Holidays and any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a Federal Holiday. Listed below are the 11 National Holidays: New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 4 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 When a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as a legal holiday by U.S. Government agencies. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday shall be observed as a legal holiday by U.S. Government agencies. Also included would be any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States as a National Holiday. CHANGES TO CONTRACT Only those services specified herein are authorized. Before performing any service of a non-contractual nature, the Contractor shall advise the Contracting Officer of the reason(s) for the additional work and/or service. Changes to the resulting contract shall not be authorized and reimbursement shall not be made for any work or services performed outside the scope of this contract, unless prior authorization is obtained in writing from the Contracting Officer. CONTRACTING OFFICER REPRESENTATIVE (COR) Delegation of Authority letter(s) shall be forwarded to the using service and Contractor after agreement has been signed, identifying the individual(s) as the COR(s). No service shall be provided without the approval of the COR or his/her designee of this contract. The Contractor shall not accept any instructions issued by any other person(s) other than the Contracting Officer or his/her delegated representative(s) acting within the limits of his/her authority. CONTRACTOR MAINTENANCE PERSONNEL All contractor personnel who are production personnel shall possess the skills, knowledge and ability to perform the services required by this contract and must be OEM Factory trained and employed by the awarded contractor or subcontractor and shall be able to understand speak, read and write the English language fluently. All personnel employed by the contractor in the performance of this contract, or any representative of the contractor entering The Beckley VA Medical Center VA installations, shall abide by all the regulations of the installation which may be in effect during the contract period .The Hershel Woody Williams VA Medical Center has the right to restrict access to The Hershel Woody Williams VA Medical Center installations under the contract of any contractor employee, or prospective contractor employee, who is identified as a potential threat to the health, safety, security, general well-being or operational mission of the installation and its population. Tank tops, tee shirts, and worn outerwear are prohibited. The contractor shall perform work requirements in a manner to protect building occupants from any harm or injury. Work shall be scheduled to afford this protection. RESPONSE TO SERVICE CALLS The contractor will respond to service calls during normal working hours, Monday through Friday. Excluding holidays observed by the Federal Government. The vendor must respond to service calls within 12 hours after notification of malfunction of production equipment. The response time on a service call starts when the authorized personnel of a Hershel Woody Williams VA Medical Center agency/activity places a service call to the vendor. The service technician will report to the agency/activity requesting service and notify them of his/her arrival and verify the problem for which the service call was made. After the call is completed, the service technician will contact the service requester, key operator, or VA representative with the office, whether or not service was completed satisfactory. The contractor must provide a telephone number for service calls which must be answered during at least eight working hours, between 8:00am and 4:30pm, Monday through Friday. The contractor shall also provide for placing service call through the contractors web-site and provide for ordering supplies over the internet. The vendor must have sufficient management and qualified dedicated technicians to service the entire solution, including all hardware, software and support. The vendor must have a crew of qualified and trained service and delivery personnel in sufficient numbers to service and support the requirements under contract within the specified response times. The contractor shall provide training for key operators at the time of installation. When notified, the contractor shall supply additional key operator training on an 'as needed- basis due to personnel turnover or one (1) time per year for refresher. The contractor shall furnish an operator's manual for all hardware and software supplied and will make such manuals available in electronic media or web-based access. CONSUMABLE SUPPLIES All consumable supplies are to be furnished by the contractor, including toner, and staples. Excludes, paper and transparencies. MAINTENANCE REPORTS The contractor shall complete a maintenance report upon the completion of each maintenance service/repair call. Report shall include time or arrival on-site, date and time of service completed; and a description of service(s) rendered. A copy of the reports shall be forwarded if requested to the COR within 5 working days.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sylvia Honesty
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Sylvia.Honesty@va.gov
  - Phone: (410) 642-2411 ext 26506

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ccd8f8d1f7ba4c63a20777cb63254bd3/view)