---
layout: default
title: Spin Machine - Amendment 0001
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 793db83d7abe4a299ded74076fc77f01
---

# Spin Machine - Amendment 0001

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 14:58:28.572-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN-26-Q-1B8J

## Summary

AMENDMENT 0001 W15QKN-26-Q-1B8J Questions and Answers only from the original Combined Synopsis/Solicitation will be seperately attached as: "Amendment 0001 W15QKN-26-Q-1B8J" All other terms and conditions remain the same per the original post below.. (i) The Army Contracting Command-New Jersey (CCNJ-IC) hereby issues Combined Synopsis/Solicitation W15QKN-26-Q-1 B8J as a request for quote (RFQ) for the procurement and installation of a “QE&SA Spin Test Machine” in support of Picatinny Arsenal, DEVCOM-AC. This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial products/installation prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 “Streamlined Procedures for Commercial Products/Services”, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. It is a 100% Full & Open Competition with a North America Industry Classification System Code 333248 – All Other Industrial Machinery Manufacturing. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul. The following Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rating applies: DPAS does not apply. The Government intends to make a firm-fixed-price (FFP) award to the responsive, responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the terms and conditions of the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation requirements and represents a technically acceptable, lowest total price quote. (ii) The following commercial items, and the respective description of each, are being solicited via this Combined Synopsis/Solicitation: CLIN: 0001 Description: Base Line Spin Test Equipment (with all components and equipment IAW Section 2.0 of SOW Attachment 0001): All specifications and instructions are in the SOW Sections 1-9. Installation is inclusive of the equipment. Quantity: 1 Unit: EA Unit Price: __________ Total Price: __________ CLIN: 0002 Description: Two (2) Day Training for Four (4) People. (See SOW Section 2.9). Quantity: 1 Unit: EA Unit Price: __________ Total Price: __________ CLIN: 0003 Description: Contract Data Requirement List Price: Not Separately Priced SLIN: A001 - Accident/Incident Report SLIN: A002 - Commercial Support Documentation (iii) Description of requirements for the items components to be acquired, can be located within attachment 0002 – Statement of Work. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point: Items shall be delivered FOB Destination no later than 180 days from date of contract award and shall be delivered to the address below. Inspection and Acceptance will occur at Destination. Shipments shall be made at contractor's expense (prepaid) via contractor's choice of carrier to the following destination: ATTN: US Army, Picatinny Arsenal (Direct Address will be provided upon award). DESTINATION AND DELIVERY SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: It is the responsibility of the contractor or subcontractor to inform their vendors or truck drivers of the prime contractor’s name, contract number and work site. The U.S. Army Picatinny Arsenal is a controlled access installation therefore, subcontractors, vendors, or delivery persons who do not possess the information provided at https://home.army.mil/picatinny/about/visitor-information or meet Homeland Security "REAL ID ACT" may be denied access to the Picatinny Arsenal. Any delay caused by such denial will be at the contractor’s expense and no time extensions for such delays will be allowed. Contractors will provide escorts for suppliers’ trucks from the perimeter gates to job site when required. POC for this Policy are: Picatinny Arsenal Visitor Center (973) 724-9952-phone https://home.army.mil/picatinny/about/visitor-information (v/vi) A list of solicitation provisions, contract and local clauses that apply to the acquisition are included in attachment 0002. Addendums, in accordance with FAR 12.205(a)(1), to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services are provided below. Addendum to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services: Offerors shall submit their quote via electronic mail at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. The quote must not merely repeat the solicitation requirements but rather must provide convincing documentary evidence in support of conclusive statements of how contract requirements will be met. The Government does not assume the duty to search for data to cure problems it finds. The burden of proving acceptability remains with the Offerors. All quotes shall be submitted in Microsoft Office format. Offeror shall not use security options within the files. Each Offeror must propose a firm-fixed price for all CLINs. Failure to provide a unit price for any item/CLIN may result in the quote not being considered for award. All prices shall be rounded to the nearest dollar. Due to the Government RFQ vs. proposal (RFP), there is no requirement for offerors to submit past performance IAW FAR 15.104(3)(ii)(B). Past performance information from a wide variety of sources both inside and outside the Government will be reviewed. This may include reviewing performance information reported to the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System, as well as other sources of information. Period for acceptance of quotes. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its quote firm for 90 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation The Government is not accepting multiple quotes. The Government is seeking one quote per offeror. Offerors are advised of fill-in provisions and clauses attached to this solicitation. Failure to complete and submit the fill-in provisions and clauses with your quote may result in the quote not being considered for award. Addendum to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible, whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Offeror whose quote is determined to provide the lowest priced quote that meets the requirements of the solicitation will be awarded. Technical will be evaluated on an “Acceptable” or “Unacceptable” basis. Acceptable: Proposal meets the requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable: Proposal does not meet the requirements of the solicitation. To be considered technically acceptable, the offeror's quote must meet all salient characteristics and material requirements identified in the Statement of Work (Attachment 0001). The Price Factor will not have an adjectival rating assigned. Unbalanced Pricing: The offeror’s overall price will be evaluated for unbalanced pricing as defined in FAR 15.404-1(g). A quote may be rejected if the contracting officer determines that the lack of balance poses an unacceptable risk to the Government (see FAR 15.404-1(g)(1) through FAR 15.404- 1(g)(3)). Errors: The offeror’s price will be reviewed for errors. The offeror may be given an opportunity to clarify certain aspects of their quote at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer. In accordance with FAR 15.202(c)(1) “No past performance information. An offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance” – Unknown/Acceptable. The Government will, “only determine if the performance is technically acceptable and not perform a comparative assessment of the information,” as well as IAW FAR 15.202(c)(2) to determine contractor qualifications IAW FAR Part 9. The Government will clarify any adverse past performance information to which the offeror has not previously had an opportunity to respond IAW FAR 15.202(a)(2)(ii). Acceptable: Based on the offeror’s performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the offeror’s performance record is unknown (see note above). Unacceptable: Based on the offeror’s performance record, the Government does not have a reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. (vii) The date, time, and place for submission of questions to the Government is no later than Friday, 17 April 2026 at 3:00 p.m. EST. Questions can be sent via email to the following individuals listed below, starting with Primary Contract Specialist. Offerors shall submit quotes via email to the Primary Contract Specialist, Mark T. Bobitka at mark.t.bobitka.civ@army.mil, and/or Jake Perrotta, Contracting Officer at jake.r.perrotta.civ@army.mil no later than 3:00 p.m. EST on Friday, 24 April 2026. (viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). N/A ATTACHMENTS: 0001 - Statement of Work (SOW) 0002 - Solicitation Provisions, Contract and Local clauses 0003 – Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL) 0004 – Commercial Package Information

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mark Bobitka
  - Email: mark.t.bobitka.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jake R. Perrotta
  - Email: jake.r.perrotta.civ@mail.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: All specifications and instructions are in the SOW Sections 1-9. Installation is inclusive of the equipment. Quantity: 1 Unit: EA Unit Price: __________ Total Price: __________ CLIN: 0002 Description: Two (2) Day Training for Four (4) People. (See SOW Section 2.9). Quantity: 1 Unit: EA Unit Price: __________ Total Price: __________ CLIN: 0003 Description: Contract Data Requirement List Price: Not Separately Priced SLIN: A001 - Accident/Incident Report SLIN: A002 - Commercial Support Documentation (iii) Description of requirements for the items components to be acquired, can be located within attachment 0002 – Statement of Work. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point: Items shall be delivered FOB Destination no later than 180 days from date of contract award and shall be delivered to the address below. Inspection and Acceptance will occur at Destination. Shipments shall be made at contractor"s expense (prepaid) via contractor"s choice of carrier to the following destination: ATTN: US Army, Picatinny Arsenal (Direct Address will be provided upon award). DESTINATION AND DELIVERY SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: It is the responsibility of the contractor or subcontractor to inform their vendors or truck drivers of the prime contractor’s name, contract number and work site. The U.S. Army Picatinny Arsenal is a controlled access installation therefore, subcontractors, vendors, or delivery persons who do not possess the information provided at https://home.army.mil/picatinny/about/visitor-information or meet Homeland Security "REAL ID ACT" may be denied access to the Picatinny Arsenal. Any delay caused by such denial will be at the contractor’s expense and no time extensions for such delays will be allowed. Contractors will provide escorts for suppliers’ trucks from the perimeter gates to job site when required. POC for this Policy are: Picatinny Arsenal Visitor Center (973) 724-9952-phone https://home.army.mil/picatinny/about/visitor-information (v/vi) A list of solicitation provisions, contract and local clauses that apply to the acquisition are included in attachment 0002. Addendums, in accordance with FAR 12.205(a)(1), to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services are provided below. Addendum to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services: Offerors shall submit their quote via electronic mail at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. The quote must not merely repeat the solicitation requirements but rather must provide convincing documentary evidence in support of conclusive statements of how contract requirements will be met. The Government does not assume the duty to search for data to cure problems it finds. The burden of proving acceptability remains with the Offerors. All quotes shall be submitted in Microsoft Office format. Offeror shall not use security options within the files. Each Offeror must propose a firm-fixed price for all CLINs. Failure to provide a unit price for any item/CLIN may result in the quote not being considered for award. All prices shall be rounded to the nearest dollar. Due to the Government RFQ vs. proposal (RFP), there is no requirement for offerors to submit past performance IAW FAR 15.104(3)(ii)(B). Past performance information from a wide variety of sources both inside and outside the Government will be reviewed. This may include reviewing performance information reported to the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System, as well as other sources of information. Period for acceptance of quotes. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its quote firm for 90 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation The Government is not accepting multiple quotes. The Government is seeking one quote per offeror. Offerors are advised of fill-in provisions and clauses attached to this solicitation. Failure to complete and submit the fill-in provisions and clauses with your quote may result in the quote not being considered for award. Addendum to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible, whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Offeror whose quote is determined to provide the lowest priced quote that meets the requirements of the solicitation will be awarded. Technical will be evaluated on an “Acceptable” or “Unacceptable” basis. Acceptable: Proposal meets the requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable: Proposal does not meet the requirements of the solicitation. To be considered technically acceptable, the offeror"s quote must meet all salient characteristics and material requirements identified in the Statement of Work (Attachment 0001). The Price Factor will not have an adjectival rating assigned. Unbalanced Pricing: The offeror’s overall price will be evaluated for unbalanced pricing as defined in FAR 15.404-1(g). A quote may be rejected if the contracting officer determines that the lack of balance poses an unacceptable risk to the Government (see FAR 15.404-1(g)(1) through FAR 15.404- 1(g)(3)). Errors: The offeror’s price will be reviewed for errors. The offeror may be given an opportunity to clarify certain aspects of their quote at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer. In accordance with FAR 15.202(c)(1) “No past performance information. An offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance” – Unknown/Acceptable. The Government will, “only determine if the performance is technically acceptable and not perform a comparative assessment of the information,” as well as IAW FAR 15.202(c)(2) to determine contractor qualifications IAW FAR Part 9. The Government will clarify any adverse past performance information to which the offeror has not previously had an opportunity to respond IAW FAR 15.202(a)(2)(ii). Acceptable: Based on the offeror’s performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the offeror’s performance record is unknown (see note above). Unacceptable: Based on the offeror’s performance record, the Government does not have a reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. (vii) The date, time, and place for submission of questions to the Government is no later than Friday, 17 April 2026 at 3:00 p.m. EST. Questions can be sent via email to the following individuals listed below, starting with Primary Contract Specialist. Offerors shall submit quotes via email to the Primary Contract Specialist, Mark T. Bobitka at mark.t.bobitka.civ@army.mil, and/or Jake Perrotta, Contracting Officer at jake.r.perrotta.civ@army.mil no later than 3:00 p.m. EST on Friday, 24 April 2026. (viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). N/A ATTACHMENTS: 0001 - Statement of Work (SOW) 0002 - Solicitation Provisions, Contract and Local clauses 0003 – Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL) 0004 – Commercial Package Information

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/793db83d7abe4a299ded74076fc77f01/view)