---
layout: default
title: PKB Cummins ISL9 450 Engine
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 851432edccb8475b8f38989dccb2adac
---

# PKB Cummins ISL9 450 Engine

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 12:54:42.913-04
- Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1029

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1029 Purchase Description: PKB Cummins ISL9 450 Engine The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this combined synopsis/solicitation, FA461326Q1029, as a Request for Quote using FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Item, & RFO 12.201-1 Simplified Procedures. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 333618, with a small business size standard of 1,500 employees. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price contract. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAC) 2026-01 effective 3/13/2026, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change 11/10/2025 effective 11/10/2025. DESCRIPTION OF ANTICIPATED NEED: A need is anticipated for a complete Cummins ISL9 450 automatic engine for a E-One 2011 HP 75 75’ ladder truck. The engine serial number is 73318978 and must match to be acceptable. Both new and remaunfactured are acceptable options as long as it is in working condition. Core to be returned within two weeks of receipt of the new engine. Include shipping in cost of engine. The shipment method will be FOB destination and it must be received within 30 days of award. No installation is required as the government intends to self-perform this function. Must include standard commercial warranty to be no less than a 1-Year that starts the date of delivery. CLIN 0001: Cummins ISL9 450 Engine (serial number 73318978). Engine must match build sheet of VIN #4EN6AAA88C1006919. Must include standard commercial warranty. Core to be returned within two weeks of receipt of the new engine. If vendor's location is within 100 miles of F. E. Warren AFB, the Government will transport core to vendor's location. Quantity: 1 Unit of Issue: Each Unit Price: $___________ Extended Price Quantity X Unit Price): $_____________ CLIN 0002: Shipping Costs If vendor location is not within 100 miles of F. E. Warren AFB, include shipping cost for the core's return. Quantity: 1 Unit of Issue: each Unit Price $__________ DELIVERY: Within 30 Days. Shipping address to be provided at time of award PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: F. E. Warren AFB, WY QUESTIONS: Questions shall be recieved no later than 20 April 2026 12:00 PM MST to Mrs. Donna Doss (donna.doss.1@us.af.mil) and Mrs Sara Cook (sara.cook.7@us.af.mil). QUOTES: Responses/quotes MUST be recieved no later than 23 April 2026 2:00 PM MST in order to be considered timely. Forward responses by e-mail to Mrs. Donna Doss (donna.doss.1@us.af.mil) and Mrs. Sara Cook (sara.cook.7@us.af.mil). Any quote, modification, or revision of a quote recieved after the exact time specifice in this solicitation shall be determined as late and may not be considered. OTHER INFORMATION: Per RFO Subpart 4.304, offerors are required to be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at time of submission of quote. Failure to do so will result in the offer being deemed ineligible for award. This is a notice that this order is an open market requirement for PKB Cummins ISL9 450 Engine. This acquisition is a total small business set-aside. Only quotes submitted by businesses holding the size standard of 1,500 employees will be accepted by the Government. Interchanges. The Government intends to award without interchanges with respective vendors/quoters. The Government, however, reserves the right to conduct interchanges if deemed in its best interest. Under appropriate curcumstances, interchanges can be an effective method to improve the Government's evaluation of Offerors' quoted approaches and may reduce acquisition cycle time. Interchanges may be written, email, phone call, etc., or any method which would accurately capture the contemporaneous sharing of information between the Government and the Offerors. Interchanges may also be oral conversations between the Government and the Offerors. INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS: Offerors shall comply with RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commcercial Services (Deviation Date) RFO 52.212-1 is hereby tailored as follows: 1. Any inconsistency between RFO Provision 52.212-1 and the Addendum to RFO 52.212-1 shall be resolved by giving precedence to the Addendum to RFO 52.212-1. 2. After receipt of quotes the Government may, with or without notice, negotiate with and, if desired, seek quote revisions from as many or as few quoters as it, in its discretion, deems appropriate. 3. The term "offeror" or "offer" as used in RFO 52.212-1 shall be understood to mean "quoter" and "quote," respectively. Further, the term "award" shall be understood to describe the Government's issuance of an order. 4. The Government will consider all quotes that are timely received and may consider late quotes. Failure of a quote to address any items required in the submission package may make a quote unacceptable, therefore, unawardable. 5. Paragraph (a) of RFO Provision 52.212-1, Submission of Offers, is amended as follows: In addition to the quote submission requirements stated in RFO Provision 52.212-1, quoters shall provide the following, as part of the quote submission package, no later than the required time and date for quote submission: Cover Page to Include the following: Quote must include the following information either on cover page, email, or in the quote: Company Name Cage Code and/or Unique Entity ID Physical Address Point of Contact Phone number Email address Business Type Delivery (must match the solicitation’s delivery requirement or sooner) PRICE: Quote must include price of engine Quote must NOT include the price or refund of the core. Quote must include the cost of shipping Quote must include the cost of shipping to return the core if the vendor’s return location is outside of the radius of 100 miles within F. E. Warren AFB. Vendor must state whether or not the core return location is within the radius in the quote and include return shipping instructions for the core. Discount Terms if offered. TECHNICAL CAPABILITY: Quote must identify the requested Cummins engine to include the model. Quote must state that the engine matches the serial number provided and the build sheet of the VIN number provided. Quote must also include the standard commercial warranty. EVALUATION: ADDENDUM TO RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION-COMMERCIAL ITEM (DEVIATION DATE) Paragraph (a) is hereby replaced with the following: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Quotes that do not include all requested information in RFO 52.212-1 will be considered nonresponsive. Award will be made to the offeror with the lowest priced technically acceptable (LPTA) quote. The following factor(s) shall be used to evaluate offers: 1. Technical Capability: items meet the Government requirement/specifications: Serial Number: 73318978 Specifically for VIN: #4EN6AAA88C1006919 2. Price: 1. The lowest priced quote will be evaluated for technical acceptability first. The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. 2. Price will be evaluated to ensure fair and reasonable pricing. A price is reasonable if, in its nature and amount, it does not exceed that which would be incurred by a prudent person in the conduct of competitive business. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to ensure a fair and reasonable price. Some of those techniques are, but not limited to, comparison of quoted prices received in response to the solicitation and/or comparison of quoted prices with the Independent Government Estimate. Prices must be determined fair and reasonable. 3. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (End of Provision) ATTACHMENTS: Attachment 1 - Clauses and Provisions Attachment 2 - Supplemental Clauses Attachment 3 - Environmental Specifications_2026 Attachment 4 - 90 MW Safety Contractor Guide January 2026 Attachment 5 - JnA Brand Name Cummins ISL9 450 Engine-redacted

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Donna Doss
  - Email: donna.doss.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077734741
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sara Cook
  - Email: sara.cook.7@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077733749

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Clauses and Provisions Attachment 2 - Supplemental Clauses Attachment 3 - Environmental Specifications_2026 Attachment 4 - 90 MW Safety Contractor Guide January 2026 Attachment 5 - JnA Brand Name Cummins ISL9 450 Engine-redacted

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/851432edccb8475b8f38989dccb2adac/view)