# Z2DA--614-23-103 - Replace Old Roofing Buildings 1, 1A, 5 & 7

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 14:34:15.777-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926R0044

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) Part 12 Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services and RFO Part 36 Construction and Architect-Engineer Contracts with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through RFO. This requirement is a 100% set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns under the authority of 38 U.S.C §8127(d). Only those SDVOSB s listed and viewable in the SBA database located at https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/. The database will be checked at the time of offer submission as well as prior to award. All offers must also have an active listing in the System for Award Management (SAM) database https://sam.gov/. The awarded contractor must also submit evidence of enrollment with VETS4212. In addition to the requirements as set forth in the combined synopsis/solicitation notice (to be issued), the proposed contractor must also be determined responsible in accordance with RFO Part 9 Contractors Qualifications. The Contracting Officer (CO) will determine responsibility prior to any award being made. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 238160 Roofing Contractor, applies to this requirement. The small business size standard is $19M. Product/Service Code: Z2DA Repair or Alteration of Hospitals and Infirmaries The Lt Col Luke Weathers Jr VA Medical Center, 116 N Pauline Street, Memphis, TN 38105 has a requirement to Project Number 614-23-103 Replace Old Roofing on Buildings 1, 1A, 5 and 7. Contractor to replace old roofing on buildings 1, 1A, 5, and 7. Previous renovation work did not include all areas of buildings 1, 1A, and 5 which are beyond the useful life. Building 7 requires total replacement due to age and condition. The estimated range of construction is Between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. Wage Determination Shelby County Building TN20260200 dated 01022026 is applicable. Questions related to this requirement will only be addressed in writing by way of email to the Contract Specialist (CS) at jen.jamieson@va.gov and Contracting Officer (CO) at jeannette.morphew@va.gov. The Project Number, Project Name and Solicitation Number must be included in the subject line of all questions related to this requirement. IMPORTANT SUBMISSION INFORMATION SOLICITATION MATERIALS: All solicitation materials consisting of drawings, specifications, contract forms, amendments, and other documents will be posted to the Contract Opportunities Government website located at https://sam.gov/. Enter 36C24926R0044 into the search box to access the solicitation materials. This is the only official location where these documents can be obtained and where updates are posted. No hard copy solicitation materials are available. SOLICITATION SUBMISSION: The following documents must be included in the solicitation submission in the formats as stated: - One (1) electronic copy of an original, fully completed and signed and dated Standard Form (SF)1442 Offer page, acknowledgment of all amendments issued by either completing block 19 of the SF1442 or completing blocks 15a, b, and c of the Amendment(s) and providing them with the SF1442 Offer page; prices on all line items listed on the Price/Cost Schedule; completed Representations and Certifications section (Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation (RFO) Overhaul 52.209-5 and 52.209-7); and fully completed Contractor Experience Modification Rate (EMR) Certification documents. - One (1) electronic copy of an original, completed and signed, SF24 Bid Bond or other allowable Bid Security. Document shall be emailed to the CS Jen Jamieson at jen.jamieson@va.gov and CO Jeannette L. Morphew at jeannette.morphew@va,gov responsible for solicitation in accordance with RFO 28.101 and RFO 28.102. Any missing elements of the bid bond submission could render the offeror ineligible and their offer will not be considered. Offerors are responsible for insuring and verifying their offer and all required solicitation documents are received at the office and point of contact designated in block 8 of the SF1442 and by the date and time specified in block 13a of the SF1442 (subject to amendment). FEDERAL HOLIDAYS: Federal Law (5 U.S.C. 6103) establishes the following public holidays for Federal employees: New Year s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, President s Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving, and Christmas. Please note that most Federal employees work on a Monday through Friday schedule. For these employees, when a holiday falls on a non-workday -- Saturday or Sunday -- the holiday usually is observed on Monday (if the holiday falls on Sunday) or Friday (if the holiday falls on Saturday). Contractor employees shall not be considered government employees for any purpose under this contract. Changes to any resultant contract may only be made by a written modification which is formally executed by the contractor and the CO. DATABASE REGISTRATION INFORMATION SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) REGISTRATION: The SAM website located at https://sam.gov/ is the Official U.S. Government system that consolidated the capabilities of the Central Contractor Registration (CCR including FedReg), Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA), and the Excluded Parties List System (EPLS). Federal Acquisition Regulations require contractors wishing to do business with the Government and bid on work shall have an active registration in SAM at both time of offer and time of award. If the Offeror does not have an active registration in the SAM database at the time of offer submission and is the apparently successful low offeror, the CO shall deem the offeror s proposal non-responsive to the solicitation requirements and proceed to award to the next lowest offer. Offerors must submit proof of current (as of time of offer) SAM registries with their offer and that any offeror that fails to do so will be rendered technically unacceptable/non-responsive outright and will not be considered for award. THE EXCLUDED PARTIES LIST SYSTEM (EPLS): To ensure that the individuals or businesses providing services under the contract have not engaged in fraud or abuse regarding Sections 1128 and 1128A of the Social Security Act regarding federal health care programs, the contractor is required to check the EPLS located at https://sam.gov/ for each person or business providing services under this contract. During the performance of this contract the Contractor is prohibited from using any individual or business listed on the List of Excluded Individuals/Entities. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION (SBA) DYNAMIC SMALL BUSINESS SEARCH (DSBS) REGISTRATION: The SBA DSBS website located at https://www.sba.gov/ is the Official U.S. Government system. VAAR 819.7001(a) requires contractors wishing to do business with the Government and bid on work shall have an active registration in SBA DSBS at both time of offer and time of award. If the Offeror does not have an active registration in the SBA DSBS database at the time of offer submission and are the apparently successful low offeror, the CO shall deem the offeror s proposal non-responsive to the solicitation requirements and proceed to award to the next lowest offer. Offerors must submit proof of current (as of time of offer) SBA DSBS registries with their offer and that any offeror that fails to do so will be rendered technically unacceptable/non-responsive outright and will not be considered for award. Joint Ventures (JVs) submitting an offer must submit SBA DSBS and/or SBA certification of some type with their offer and those that fail to do so shall be rendered technically unacceptable and shall not be eligible for award. VETS-4212 REPORTING REQUIREMENT: Contractors are required to submit a required annual Form VETS-4212, Federal Contractor Veterans' Employment Report in all cases where the contractor or subcontractor has received an award of $100,000 or more in any fiscal year. COs are prohibited from awarding a contract to a contractor that has not submitted a required VETS-4212 Report with respect to the preceding fiscal year if the contractor was subject to the reporting requirement of 38 U.S.C. 4212(d). Submit this report as soon as possible, if not already submitted, to avoid delays in the contract award process. For more information on this requirement and/or for completing the web-based reporting form, visit the following website https://www.dol.gov/agencies/vets/programs/vets4212. See RFO clause 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans under the General Conditions. BONDING INFORMATION BID GUARANTEE: A bid guarantee is required in an amount not less than 20 percent of the bid price but shall not exceed $3,000,000.00. Failure to furnish the required bid guarantee in the proper form and amount, by the time set for opening of bids, shall require rejection of the bid in all cases except those listed in RFO 28.101-4. Bid Bonds must be provided using SF24 (see RFO 28.106-1) and the form must be provided in original (no white outs, faxed or copied signatures, seals) with wet ink signatures and contain the proper solicitation number, bid opening date, and be from a corporate surety listed in Department of Treasury Circular 570. Individual sureties shall be determined acceptable to the CO (see RFO 28.203) and be accompanied by SF28 Affidavit of Individual Surety. Other forms of bid security may be acceptable as denoted in RFO 28.203-2. PERFORMANCE AND PAYMENT BONDS: Pursuant to 40 U.S.C Chapter 31 and in accordance with Contract Clause 52.228-15, and RFO 28.102-1(a), requires Performance Bond (SF25) and Payment Bond (SF25A) for any construction contract exceeding $150,000. Performance and Payment bonds are due no later than ten (10) calendar days after notification of award. Bonds must be provided with original wet ink signatures - no white-outs or other corrections are allowable. Copies and facsimiles of bonds shall not be accepted. MEDICAL CENTER ACCESS: Anyone participating in the site visit, or for any other reason that involves visiting the medical center related to this solicitation, must have a valid ID on their person and their vehicle must be properly registered and insured. Visitors are prohibited from possessing weapons while on a federal installation (See 18 U.S.C. 930 Possession of Firearms and Dangerous Weapons in Federal Facilities). Handheld cellphone usage or texting while driving is also prohibited. All VA Medical Centers and associated properties are Federal Property. PRIVACY TRAINING: All workers regardless of project length must take VA Privacy Training which will be coordinated after project award with the COR. E-VERIFY SYSTEM: Companies awarded a contract with the federal government shall enroll in E-Verify within 30 calendar days of the contract award date. They shall also begin using the E-Verify system to confirm that all their new hires and their employees directly working on federal contracts are authorized to legally work in the United States. E-Verify is an Internet-based system that allows an employer, using information reported on an employee's Form I-9, to determine the eligibility of that employee to work in the United States. There is no charge to employers to use E-Verify. (RFO 52.222-54). PRIME CONTRACTOR INFORMATION- SAFETY OR ENVIRONMENTAL VIOLATIONS AND EXPERIENCE MODIFICATION RATING INFORMATION All Bidders/Offerors shall submit information pertaining to their past Safety and Environmental record (using the attached EMR information/data form). The information must contain a certification that the bidder/offeror has no more than three (3) serious, or one (1) repeat or one (1) willful OSHA or any EPA violation(s) in the past three (3) years. If such certification cannot be made, a Bidder/Offeror shall explain why and submit as much information as possible regarding the circumstances of its past safety and environmental record, including the number of EPA violations and/or the number of serious, repeat, and/or willful OSHA violations, along with a detailed description of those violations. All Bidders/Offerors shall submit information regarding their current EMR. This information shall be obtained from the Bidders/Offeror s insurance carrier and be furnished on the insurance carrier s letterhead. If a Bidder/Offeror s EMR is above 1.0, Bidder/Offeror must submit a written explanation of the EMR from its insurance carrier furnished on the insurance carrier s letterhead, describing the reasons for the elevated EMR and the anticipated date the EMR may be reduced to 1.0 or below. Self-insured contractors or other contractors that cannot provide their EMR rating on insurance letterhead must obtain a rating from the National Council on Compensation Insurance, Inc. (NCCI) by completing/submitting form ERM-6 and providing the rating on letterhead from NCCI. Note: Self-insured contractors or other contractors that cannot provide EMR rating on insurance letterhead from the states or territories of CA, DE, MI, NJ, ND, OH, PA, WA, WY, and Puerto Rico shall obtain their EMR rating from their state-run worker s compensation insurance rating bureau. If the NCCI cannot issue an EMR because the Bidder/Offeror lacks insurance history, Bidder/Offeror shall submit a letter indicating so from its insurance carrier furnished on the insurance carrier s letterhead and include a letter from the NCCI indicating that it has assigned Bidder/Offeror a Unity Rating of 1.0. The above information, along with other information obtained from Government systems, such as the OSHA and EPA online inspection history databases, will be used to make an initial Determination of Responsibility. This requirement is applicable to all subcontracting tiers, and prospective prime contractors are responsible for determining the responsibility of their prospective subcontractors. CONFORMANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS: The Contractor shall perform work under this contract consistent with the relevant policy and objectives identified in the agency, organizational, or facility Green Environmental Management System (GEMS) applicable for the contract. The Contractor shall perform work in a manner that conforms to all appropriate Environmental Management Programs and Operational Controls identified by the agency, organizational, or facility GEMS, and provide monitoring and measurement information as necessary for the organization to address environmental performance relative to the environmental, energy, and transportation management goals. In the event an environmental nonconformance or noncompliance associated with the contracted services is identified, the contractor shall take corrective and/or preventative actions. In the case of a noncompliance, the Contractor shall respond and take corrective action immediately. In the case of a nonconformance, the Contractor shall respond and take corrective action based on the time schedule established by the facility GEMS Coordinator. In addition, the Contractor shall ensure that their employees are aware of the roles and responsibilities identified by the environmental management system and how these requirements affect their work performed under this contract. All on-site contractor personnel shall complete yearly EPA sponsored environmental training specified for the type of work conducted on-site. Upon inclusion in the contract, the COR will verify that all contractor personnel have acquired EMS Awareness Training at their appropriate site or location. REFERENCES TO VA ENGINEER, RESIDENT ENGINEER, SENIOR RESIDENT ENGINEER, OR PROJECT MANAGER (PM): Any reference contained within contract specifications and/or drawings to the VA Engineer , Resident Engineer , Senior Resident Engineer , PM , or their abbreviations are to be replaced with COR . PAYMENT FOR MATERIALS STORED OFF-SITE: The COR and the contractor / PM (whoever will oversee submitting the invoice) shall meet and discuss the items listed on a draft copy of the invoice prior to submission to OB10. All items will be approved prior to submission. It is the CO s discretion to pay for any stored materials. This should be discussed prior to submission of the first invoice. Contract financing is not part of this contract. SCHEDULE OF MATERIAL SUBMITTALS: The submittals contemplated by RFO 52.236-5, Material and Workmanship, are listed on the Schedule of Material Submittals in the Specifications, if provided. The schedule is for reference only the selected contractor is responsible to provide all submittals required by the contract. REVIEW REQUIRED REGISTRATION WITH CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (CPARS) As prescribed in RFO Part 42.11, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) evaluates contractor past performance on all contracts that exceed $900,000 and shares those evaluations with other Federal Government contract specialists and procurement officials. The RFO requires that the contractor be provided an opportunity to comment on past performance evaluations prior to each report closing. To fulfill this requirement VA uses an online database, CPARS, which is maintained by the Naval Seal Logistics Center in Portsmouth, Virginia. CPARS is the system used to collect and retrieve performance assessment reports used in source selection determinations. CPARS also includes access to the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS). FAPIIS is a web-enabled application accessed via CPARS for contractor responsibility determination information. Each contractor whose contract award is estimated to exceed $900,000 is required to register with CPARS database at the following web address: https://www.cpars.gov/cparsweb/home. Help in registering can be obtained by contacting Customer Support Desk at 207-438-1690. Registration should occur no later than 30 calendar days after contract award and must be kept current should there be any change to the contractor's registered representative. For contracts with a period of one (1) year or less, the CO will perform a single evaluation when the contract is complete. For contracts exceeding one (1) year, the CO will evaluate the contractor's performance annually. Interim reports will be filed each year until the last year of the contract, when the final report will be completed. The report shall be assigned in CPARS to the contractor's designated representative for comment. The contractor representative will have 30 calendar days to submit any comments and re-assign the report to the VA CO. Failure to have a current registration in the CPARS database, or to re-assign the report to the VA CO within those 30 calendar days, will result in the Government's evaluation being placed on file in the database with a statement that the contractor failed to respond. END OF SUBMISSION INFORMATION DOCUMENT EVALUATION FACTORS This section describes the evaluation process, proposal preparation, the significant factors and sub-factors and criteria to be used in the evaluation process. This procurement action is a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection process in accordance with RFO 15.103-2. Proposals will be evaluated for acceptability but not ranked using the non-price factors/sub-factors. To be considered for award, an offeror must have an acceptable rating in every non-price factor/sub-factor under consideration. The Government intends to award a single contract to a qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) determined responsible in accordance with the Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation (RFO) Overhaul, whose proposal conforms to all the requirements in this solicitation and is further determined to meet or exceed the standards of acceptability at the lowest offered price. The Government intends to evaluate proposals and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror s initial proposal should contain the Offeror s best terms from both a technical and cost standpoint. The evaluation of offers submitted in response to this Request for Quote (RFQ) solicitation will be conducted utilizing the LPTA selection process. Utilization of this source selection process may result in not all offers being evaluated. The CO upon receipt of offers, will determine eligibility and compliance with the solicitation requirements. The Vendor Information Pages (SBA DSBS registry) will be checked to ensure that any offeror submitting a proposal to perform the work is both listed and verified. All proposals received will also be checked for active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM). Thereafter, the CO will review all proposals to ensure that the minimum proposal submission requirements have been met. Once these requirements have been met, the CO will select and submit for review to the Technical Evaluation Board (TEB) the technical proposal of the lowest priced offeror for consideration. Initially, TEB will not receive any pricing information, only the technical portion of the offeror s proposal. The Government will evaluate the lowest priced proposal first for technical acceptability. If the lowest priced proposal is found to be unacceptable, the next lowest priced proposal will be evaluated, and so on. No additional proposals will be evaluated once one is found to be technically acceptable. Therefore, all proposals may not be evaluated. Offerors shall submit the information described below for Factors 1, 2, and 3 in the same order as they appear in this solicitation document. All information must be complete, accurate, and organized in the order presented. Failure to submit the required information may result in a rating of Unacceptable and elimination from further consideration. Award will be made on a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) basis. Proposals are to be submitted via email to the CO, Jeannette L. Morphew and CS, Jen Jamieson. Offerors shall submit one (1) electronic copy of complete proposal (a. Technical & b. Price) to the address shown below as well as a complete proposal emailed to the email address shown below. EMAIL: jeannette.morphew@va.gov and jen.jamieson@va.gov RFO 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (b) shall be marked. If not marked, the proposal is technically unacceptable and cannot be considered for award. Technical and Price sections of an Offeror s proposal will be evaluated independently. Offeror shall separately submit each section as a separate attachment. All pages containing text shall be consecutively numbered, type-written on 8-1/2x11 inch paper with margins of at least one (1) inch and created using a Times New Roman 12-point font. The submitted package should contain two (2) sections, separately: a.) Technical Proposal b.) Price Proposal. Each section must therefore be labeled with the following: Construction Company Name Physical Address of the Company Telephone Number Email address VA Project Number (Project 614-23-103) VA Project Name (Replace Old Roofing on Buildings 1, 1A, 5 and 7) Solicitation number (36C24926R0044) The Technical Evaluation Board (TEB) shall evaluate the offeror s proposal against all non-price factors/sub-factors using ACCEPTABLE or UNACCEPTABLE ratings based upon the definition in the chart below. Technical Acceptable / Unacceptable Evaluation Ratings Rating Description ACCEPTABLE Based on the Offeror s proposal, the Information provided clearly meets the minimum standards of the solicitation. UNACCEPTABLE Based on the Offeror s proposal, the Information provided does not meet the minimum standards of the solicitation. All submissions must clearly identify which requirement each project or individual fulfills. Excessive or vague information may be disregarded. The Government will not seek clarifications for missing, incomplete, or unclear submissions. Offerors must meet all requirements of Factors 1 3 to be rated Technically Acceptable. The following evaluation factors and sub-factors will apply to this procurement: FACTOR 1 Relevant Construction Experience The Prime Contractor must submit project details that demonstrate experience, provide project title, contract number, location, start and completion dates, contract price, narrative of work performed, and a point of contact to include email and/or phone number. Requirement 1: Completed at least one roofing replacement project within the last 7 years at a healthcare facility. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 2: Completed at least one roofing replacement project at a VA healthcare facility. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 3: Completed at least one roofing project with a total cost of $2,000,000 or more. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 4: Completed at least one roofing project with 100,000 square feet or more. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 5: Completed a project requiring coordination with the property owner for crane operations. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 6: Completed a project requiring coordination with a mechanical contractor to alter existing mechanical equipment for roof installation. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 7: Completed a project involving replacing roofs on multiple buildings with different roofing types. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 8: Completed a project requiring coordination of material removal and installation while buildings remained occupied. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 9: Completed a project requiring removal and reinstallation of lightning protection. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ FACTOR 2 Key Personnel Experience The offeror must provide documentation showing that the Project Manager and/or Site Superintendent assigned to this project meet the requirements below. For each requirement the offeror must clearly identify the project(s) used and provide sufficient information to verify experience.( project title, contract number, location, start and completion dates, contract price, narrative of work performed, and a point of contact to include email and/or phone number.) Requirement 1: Has key personnel managed a VA Roofing project Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 2: Does key personnel have experience managing larger roofing projects over $2,000,000 and/or 100,000 sq ft. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 3: Does key personnel have experience with roofing operations requiring crane coordination/support Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 4: Does key personnel have experience with roofing project that requires coordination with Mechanical Contractor to modify equipment Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 5: Does key personnel have experience with different roofing types. Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 6: Does key personnel have experience with roofing projects where the facility is still occupied Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 7: Does key personnel have experience with lighting protection, removal and re-installation Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ FACTOR 3 - Past Performance: Provide at least two past performance questionnaires (PPQ) applicable to submitted information for Factor 1 and Factor 2, which shows a rating of satisfactory or above. The past performance information to be reviewed on the PPQs includes timeliness of satisfying contract deliverables, adherence to contract schedules, and timeliness of processing of submittals. Requirement 1: PPQ received with satisfactory or better rating Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 2: PPQ shows timeliness of contract deliverables Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 3: PPQ shows adherence to contract schedules Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ Requirement 4: PPQ shows timeliness of processing submittals Acceptable ___ Unacceptable ___ END OF EVALUATION FACTORS DOCUMENT

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3b1c03302b594e8b8eb7e677a0e24700/view