---
layout: default
title: J041--Airflow Testing and Balancing
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 644970b331c94d109ce03a33f2858841
---

# J041--Airflow Testing and Balancing

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 08:09:43.801-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0343
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 29 of 29 Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice *= Required Field Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 1 of 29 Combined Synopsis Solicitation West Haven VAMC Air Testing and Balance (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 36C24126Q0343 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). (iii) A statement that the solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. (iv) This requirement is being issued as a VOSB/SDVOSB set-aside. The associated NAICS 238310 and small business size standard is $16.5 million. (v) The Government intends to award a firm-fixed price award for Air Testing and Balance at West Haven VAMC. Please see the attached Performance Work Statement for full requirement details. Please complete the Price Schedule below and submit with the quote submission. (vi) The Contractor shall provide all resources necessary to provide Air Testing and Balance IAW the attached (Performance Work Statement). Please see the attached PWS for full requirement details. (vii) The Place of Performance is Newington VAMC as described per the (Performance Work Statement). (viii) Provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the provision: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998); 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018); 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (JUL 2016); 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990); 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) (ix) Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, applies to this requirement. Site Visit: No site visit Submission of Quotes: (1) Quotes shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. Note: Offers received after the due date and time shall not be considered. (2) Offerors shall submit their quotes electronically via email to tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. (3) Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is March 20, 2026 by 12:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time may not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. (4) Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Evaluation Process: Award shall be made to the best value, as determined to be the most beneficial to the Government. Please read each section below carefully for the submittals and information required as part of the evaluation. Failure to provide the requested information below shall be considered non-compliant and your quote could be removed from the evaluation process. Offeror quotes shall be evaluated under FAR Part 13.106-2(b) -- Evaluation of Quotations or Offers. Therefore, the Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct discussions with all contractors, solicit final revised quotes, and use other techniques associated with FAR Part 15. The Government shall award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation shall be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:Â Price (Follow these instructions): Offeror shall complete Attachment 1 - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor's business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due March 24, 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is Tnauri.Woodbridge@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base+4 Air Testing and Balance

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT 2 PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK TESTING AND AIR BALANCING VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN VA MEDICAL CENTER NEWINGTON Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, and Air Circulating Equipment. BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System West Haven and Newington Campuses requires complete Airflow Testing of the rooms listed by building and room number. VACHS is currently seeking services for all labor, materials, transportation, parts, and expertise necessary to provide quarterly and annual testing and air balancing required. JUSTIFICATION Veterans Health Administration (VHA) seeks to continue to improve the operational capabilities by establishing services that result in fewer operational problems, improved communications, increased efficiency within the facility and to improve the quality of services to veterans. LOCATION OF SERVICES VA Medical Center West Haven 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 VA Medical Center Newington 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 05/01/2026 04/30/2027. The contract will also contain the provision for (4) annual option years: Option Year 1: 05/01/2027 04/30/2028 Option Year 2: 05/01/2028 04/30/2029 Option Year 3: 05/01/2029 04/30/2030 Option Year 4: 05/01/2030 04/30/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field service representative located within 200 miles of the West Haven and Newington Campuses of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have been trained by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) on the specific model of equipment that he/she is being asked to provide services for. Bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of factory certified service/maintenance training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Contractor s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. The service provider shall be either a certified member of AABC, NEBB, or TABB to perform TAB service for HVAC. The service provider shall be a certified firm and have certified professionals on staff. The certification shall be maintained for the entire duration of duties specified herein. If, for any reason the agency loses subject certification during this period, the CO and COR shall be immediately notified, and a corrective action plan submitted for approval. Any agency that has been the subject of disciplinary action by either the AABC, TABB, or NEBB within the five (5) years preceding Contract Award shall not be eligible to perform any work related to this contract. Service Provider: The service provider shall be either a member of AABC or TABB or an experienced technician of the Agency certified by NEBB. The certification shall be maintained for the entire duration of duties specified herein. If, for any reason, the Specialist loses subject certification during this period, immediately notify the CO and COR and submit another Specialist for approval. Any individual that has been the subject of disciplinary action by either the AABC or the NEBB within the five (5) years preceding Contract Award shall not be eligible to perform any duties related to the HVAC systems, including TAB. The service provider will be coordinating, scheduling, and reporting all work related activities and will provide necessary information as required by the COR. The responsibilities include: Complete air balancing to design specifications and manufacturers equipment design standards. Shall directly supervise all testing work. Shall sign the testing reports that bear the seal of the TAB standard. The reports shall be accompanied by report forms and schematic drawings required by the TAB standard, AABC, TABB, or NEBB. Shall make special notations of variances from design quantities which exceeds plus or minus ten percent of design specifications. Shall ensure any holes or openings made in duct work to facilitate testing are plugged, sealed, and labeled for intended purpose upon completion of work. Shall supply all labor, material, equipment, tools, supervision and all incidentals to complete Dispersed Oil Particulate (DOP) testing on all HEPA filters in all Air Handlers/Supply/Return/Exhaust noted herein which contain HEPA filters in the supply/return/exhaust and shall be tested in accordance with current ASHRAE standards in addition to Federal Standard 209E, ISO 14644, IEST RP-006.3 and AFM procedural standard AHFB0607. All leaks shall be sealed by acceptable trade practice and retested to ensure that each system meets the acceptable particle count standards as per the herein referenced standards and codes. Testing shall be completed by the total probe scan method, installation pressure drop testing, monitoring for temperature and humidity, room pressurization testing and air exchanges per hour. Follow all testing work through its satisfactory completion; document all findings and results and submit a detailed work order ticket per unit and/or test at end of the day s work to the COR and VA Contracting Officer. Include the same information in the follow up formal report with clear call outs for findings and recommendations. All technicians performing actual testing work shall be experienced and must have satisfactory performance on a minimum of three projects comparable in size and complexity to this scope. Qualifications must be certified by the Service Provider in writing. The lead technician and all assigned technicians shall be certified by AABC, TABB, or NEBB. Test Equipment Criteria: The instrumentation shall meet the accuracy/calibration requirements established by AABC National Standards, TABB/SMACNA International Standards, or by NEBB Procedural Standards for Testing, Adjusting and Balancing of Environmental Systems and instrument manufacturer. Provide calibration history of the instruments to be used for test and balance purposes as part of every formal report for every unit and/or test. Submit names and qualifications of TAB specialists a minimum of ten (10) business days prior to starting quarterly and annual testing in writing to the COR and the VA Contracting Officer. Subcontracting of any ensuing award of this solicitation shall not be allowed without written permission of the Contracting Officer. Service response on calls from unauthorized personnel could result in non-payment. SCOPE OF WORK The contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, and all incidentals to complete the work for the services described in this document including testing, inspections and unscheduled service calls. Scheduled maintenance shall be completed Monday through Friday outside of regular business hours after 5:00 p.m. and before 6:00 a.m. a minimum notice of three (3) weeks. No work shall be performed on Government Holidays unless an emergency status has been indicated by the VA Contracting Officer. Description of Services: Quarterly and Annual Airflow Testing to maintain compliance with: VHA Directive 1116 Sterile Processing Services (SPS) 2023 ANSI/ASHRAE/ASHE Standard 170-2017 Ventilation of Healthcare Facilities VHA HEFP HVAC Design Manual Rev November 1, 2022. Per VHA Directive 1811 Appendix A 2.g.(1) Ensure the HVAC system for critical areas such as Operating Rooms, Isolation Rooms, Pharmacy compounding area and Sterile Processing Service area are tested to confirm compliance with VHA standards for airflow and pressure relationship for each room in the area and adjusted if necessary. Testing must be performed annually except Pharmacy compounding area which must be performed twice a year. The test must verify flow from each diffuser to confirm compliance with designed conditions along with overall air change and pressure verification. In addition, VHA Directive 1108.12 2.s.(2) requires the Chief Engineer to ensure that PECs and SECs are installed and maintained in compliance with USP compounding chapters and VA design standards including third party testing and certification. NOTE: VA uses the CETA CAGs to define certification procedures for assessing if the Primary and Secondary Engineering Controls are operating as designed to maintain a sterile environment for the preparation of CSPs Semi- Annual HEPA filter testing. Schedule and coordinate areas to be tested with the COR and with a three (3) week notice. Provide complete airflow testing and hard copy report to include air changes per hour for each room and pressure relationship to surrounding spaces for the following spaces (see attachment 1 for floor plans showing the locations of each room). West Haven Quarterly Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week SPS Soft Supply Storage 1 SG-173 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Cart Wash 1 SG-191 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Prep 1 SG-192 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Decon 1 SG-193 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Steris Decon Mobile Mobile 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Steris Prep Mobile Mobile 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 2106 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR Bulk Storage 1 2216 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3219 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3234 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3258A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday West Haven Bi-Annual Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week Inpatient Pharmacy Pharmacy 1 G220 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Biohazard 1 G220C 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Chemo Room 1 G220F 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Buffer Room 1 G220G 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Ante Room 1 G220E 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Clean Prep 1 G220H 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Oncology Infusion 2 5203 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Sunday West Haven Annual Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week SPS Soft Supply Storage 1 SG-173 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Cart Wash 1 SG-191 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Prep 1 SG-192 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Decon 1 SG-193 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Steris Decon Mobile Mobile 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Steris Prep Mobile Mobile 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday Nuclear Med Imaging 1 G144 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday Nuclear Med Imaging 1 G146 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Scrub Room 1 1109 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Procedure 1 1111 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Control Room 1 1117 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Procedure 1 1115 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Control Room 1 1110 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Cath Storage 1 1107 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday IR Angiography 1 1128 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday IR PAX Room 1 1129 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday IR RAD Storage 1 1130A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday Blood Lab Clinical Lab 1 1229 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Blood Bank 1 1193 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Blood Bank 1 1195 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Blood Bank 1 1196 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Molecular Diagnostics 1 1197 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Pharma Cogenetics 1 1202 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Media Prep 1 1203 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Media Prep 1 1205 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Microbiology 1 1208 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Molecular Diagnostics 1 1213 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Microscopy 1 1185 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Surgical Anatomic Pathology 1 1180 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Histology 1 1175 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Cytology 1 1174 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Supply 1 1173 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Anatomic Pathology 1 1169 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Lab 1 1165 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday SICU Isolation Room 1 3119 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Endoscopy Scope Storage 1 3194 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Endoscopy Decon 1 3189A 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Endoscopy OER/HLD 1 3189B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday OR RMD Storage 1 2106 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR Bulk Storage 1 2216 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3219 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3234 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3258A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 1 OR Suite 1 3216 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 2 OR Suite 1 3258 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 3 OR Suite 1 3236 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 4 OR Suite 1 3238 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 5 OR Suite 1 3227 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 6 OR Suite 1 3244 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 7 OR Suite 1 3246 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday Pre Op OR Suite 1 3212 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday PACU OR Suite 1 3251 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday FLEX Isolation 1 5167 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday FLEX Isolation 1 5168 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday FLEX Isolation 1 5169 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday MICU Bronch Room 1 5216 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday MICU Isolation 1 5167 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday 6W Isolation 1 6127 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday 6W Isolation 1 6128 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Treatment Room 2 G123F 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Treatment Room 2 G123D/E 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Treatment Room 2 G123D/E 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Isolation 2 G123 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Isolation 2 G123 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Outpatient Pharmacy Active Storage 2 2104 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Outpatient Pharmacy Storage 2 2104D 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Outpatient Pharmacy Vault 2 2104DA 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Storage 2 2120 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Operatory 2 2119 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Operatory 2 2118 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Storage 2 2117E 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Exam 2 2117D 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Exam 2 2117C 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Exam 2 2117B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Laboratory 2 2117A 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Storage 2 2116 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Operatory 2 2116B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Operatory 2 2118B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Office 2 2228 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Mail Room 2 2227 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Office 2 2226 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Lab 2 2224 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Conference 2 2222 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Washroom 2 2220 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Sterilizing 2 2221 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Office 2 2220B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Media Preparation 2 2219 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab Fume Hood 2 2219 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab Contamination 2 2217 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB lab Lab 2 2216 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab EKR 2 2215 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab Washroom 2 2215A 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab Corridor 2 Corridor 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday Pharmacy Nursing 2 5202 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Animal Research Operating Room 2 8134 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Clean Linen 2 8134A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8135 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Operating Room 2 8136 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Operating Room 2 8136A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8138 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8140 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8141 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8145 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8147 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8148 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8102 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8104 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8105 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8106 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Operating Room 2 8107 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8108 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8111 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8113 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8115 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8117 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8118 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8119 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8120 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8122 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8123 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8124 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Feed Stock Room 2 8125 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8131 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 5 C252 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 5 C253 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 5 C254 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 27 160 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 27 161 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 27 162 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Newington Quarterly Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week SPS Soft Supply Storage 2E B144A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS Decon 2E B156 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS Prep 2E B157 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS RMD Storage 2E 3100 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Newington Annual Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week SPS Soft Supply Storage 2E B144A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS Decon 2E B156 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS Prep 2E B157 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS RMD Storage 2E 3100 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Dispensing/Assembly 2C 2205 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Active Storage 2C 2207 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Prescription Receiving 2C 2204A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Storage 2C 2121 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Prep 2C 2215 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Storage 2C 2214 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Storage 2C 2123 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Storage 2C 2126 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Vault 2C 2126A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Storage 2C 2115 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2101 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2112 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2110 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2109 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2108 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2107 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Dental Lab 2C 2106 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2105 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Accumulation Room 2C 2104 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Accumulation Room 2C 2102A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Dental X-Ray 2C 2102 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday HVAC Systems to be Air Balanced and HEPA DOP Tested West Haven Campus: Mechanical Air Handler Unit and Exhaust Equipment Schedule Building Room Service Area 1 6137M 6 East 1 5150 5 East and South MICU 1 5206 OR 3, 4, 6, 7 1 4260 OR 1, 2, 5, PACU 1 4260 SICU 1 4181 4 West 1 10th Floor Endoscopy 1 2213B OR Storage and EMS Breakroom 1 2222 1st Floor Ultrasound AHU 5 1 2222 OR Locker and Library AHU 6 1 1207 IAQ 1 1218 Hematology 1229 1 Cardiology Roof Cath Lab 2 Room 1111 1 Nuclear Med Roof Cath Lab 1 Room 1115 1 Cardiology Roof 1st Floor Old Psych/ Cardiology 1 Subground SPS 1 Subground SPS 1 Pharmacy Roof Inpatient Pharmacy 1 SG174 SPD Unit 1 SG129 Ground Cardiology/ MRI 1 SS6 Morgue 2 9 Interior Animal Lab 2 8 Exterior Animal Lab Chiller 2 8 7 DNA Lab 2 6 Cancer Center 2 5185 5 West 2 2102 Pharmacy Corridor 2 2120 Dental 2 2113 Penthouse First AHU Front ER 2 2113 Penthouse Middle AHU Dialysis 2 2113 Penthouse End AHU ER Clinic 2 2200 TB Lab 2 G132 Electrical Lockup AHU 2 G139A New Orleans AHU 7 2 G139B AHU 5 2 G139 Switchgear Room 2 G142A Sterile Storage 2 6th Floor AHU 6 2 7th Floor AHU 1 HVAC Systems to be Air Balanced and HEPA DOP Tested Newington Campus: Lab AHU #1 and Exhaust Located B2E Basement SPS AHU #2 and Exhaust Located B2E Basement Dental AHU B2C Penthouse Pharmacy AHU C01 and Exhaust Located B2W Basement Unscheduled/Emergency Service Calls Requirements: Unscheduled service calls shall be performed at the direction of th...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tnauri Woodbridge
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711 x2892

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor"s business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due March 24, 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is Tnauri.Woodbridge@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base+4 Air Testing and Balance
- Attachment 2: PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK TESTING AND AIR BALANCING VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN VA MEDICAL CENTER NEWINGTON Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, and Air Circulating Equipment. BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System West Haven and Newington Campuses requires complete Airflow Testing of the rooms listed by building and room number. VACHS is currently seeking services for all labor, materials, transportation, parts, and expertise necessary to provide quarterly and annual testing and air balancing required. JUSTIFICATION Veterans Health Administration (VHA) seeks to continue to improve the operational capabilities by establishing services that result in fewer operational problems, improved communications, increased efficiency within the facility and to improve the quality of services to veterans. LOCATION OF SERVICES VA Medical Center West Haven 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 VA Medical Center Newington 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 05/01/2026 04/30/2027. The contract will also contain the provision for (4) annual option years: Option Year 1: 05/01/2027 04/30/2028 Option Year 2: 05/01/2028 04/30/2029 Option Year 3: 05/01/2029 04/30/2030 Option Year 4: 05/01/2030 04/30/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field service representative located within 200 miles of the West Haven and Newington Campuses of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have been trained by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) on the specific model of equipment that he/she is being asked to provide services for. Bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of factory certified service/maintenance training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Contractor s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. The service provider shall be either a certified member of AABC, NEBB, or TABB to perform TAB service for HVAC. The service provider shall be a certified firm and have certified professionals on staff. The certification shall be maintained for the entire duration of duties specified herein. If, for any reason the agency loses subject certification during this period, the CO and COR shall be immediately notified, and a corrective action plan submitted for approval. Any agency that has been the subject of disciplinary action by either the AABC, TABB, or NEBB within the five (5) years preceding Contract Award shall not be eligible to perform any work related to this contract. Service Provider: The service provider shall be either a member of AABC or TABB or an experienced technician of the Agency certified by NEBB. The certification shall be maintained for the entire duration of duties specified herein. If, for any reason, the Specialist loses subject certification during this period, immediately notify the CO and COR and submit another Specialist for approval. Any individual that has been the subject of disciplinary action by either the AABC or the NEBB within the five (5) years preceding Contract Award shall not be eligible to perform any duties related to the HVAC systems, including TAB. The service provider will be coordinating, scheduling, and reporting all work related activities and will provide necessary information as required by the COR. The responsibilities include: Complete air balancing to design specifications and manufacturers equipment design standards. Shall directly supervise all testing work. Shall sign the testing reports that bear the seal of the TAB standard. The reports shall be accompanied by report forms and schematic drawings required by the TAB standard, AABC, TABB, or NEBB. Shall make special notations of variances from design quantities which exceeds plus or minus ten percent of design specifications. Shall ensure any holes or openings made in duct work to facilitate testing are plugged, sealed, and labeled for intended purpose upon completion of work. Shall supply all labor, material, equipment, tools, supervision and all incidentals to complete Dispersed Oil Particulate (DOP) testing on all HEPA filters in all Air Handlers/Supply/Return/Exhaust noted herein which contain HEPA filters in the supply/return/exhaust and shall be tested in accordance with current ASHRAE standards in addition to Federal Standard 209E, ISO 14644, IEST RP-006.3 and AFM procedural standard AHFB0607. All leaks shall be sealed by acceptable trade practice and retested to ensure that each system meets the acceptable particle count standards as per the herein referenced standards and codes. Testing shall be completed by the total probe scan method, installation pressure drop testing, monitoring for temperature and humidity, room pressurization testing and air exchanges per hour. Follow all testing work through its satisfactory completion; document all findings and results and submit a detailed work order ticket per unit and/or test at end of the day s work to the COR and VA Contracting Officer. Include the same information in the follow up formal report with clear call outs for findings and recommendations. All technicians performing actual testing work shall be experienced and must have satisfactory performance on a minimum of three projects comparable in size and complexity to this scope. Qualifications must be certified by the Service Provider in writing. The lead technician and all assigned technicians shall be certified by AABC, TABB, or NEBB. Test Equipment Criteria: The instrumentation shall meet the accuracy/calibration requirements established by AABC National Standards, TABB/SMACNA International Standards, or by NEBB Procedural Standards for Testing, Adjusting and Balancing of Environmental Systems and instrument manufacturer. Provide calibration history of the instruments to be used for test and balance purposes as part of every formal report for every unit and/or test. Submit names and qualifications of TAB specialists a minimum of ten (10) business days prior to starting quarterly and annual testing in writing to the COR and the VA Contracting Officer. Subcontracting of any ensuing award of this solicitation shall not be allowed without written permission of the Contracting Officer. Service response on calls from unauthorized personnel could result in non-payment. SCOPE OF WORK The contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, and all incidentals to complete the work for the services described in this document including testing, inspections and unscheduled service calls. Scheduled maintenance shall be completed Monday through Friday outside of regular business hours after 5:00 p.m. and before 6:00 a.m. a minimum notice of three (3) weeks. No work shall be performed on Government Holidays unless an emergency status has been indicated by the VA Contracting Officer. Description of Services: Quarterly and Annual Airflow Testing to maintain compliance with: VHA Directive 1116 Sterile Processing Services (SPS) 2023 ANSI/ASHRAE/ASHE Standard 170-2017 Ventilation of Healthcare Facilities VHA HEFP HVAC Design Manual Rev November 1, 2022. Per VHA Directive 1811 Appendix A 2.g.(1) Ensure the HVAC system for critical areas such as Operating Rooms, Isolation Rooms, Pharmacy compounding area and Sterile Processing Service area are tested to confirm compliance with VHA standards for airflow and pressure relationship for each room in the area and adjusted if necessary. Testing must be performed annually except Pharmacy compounding area which must be performed twice a year. The test must verify flow from each diffuser to confirm compliance with designed conditions along with overall air change and pressure verification. In addition, VHA Directive 1108.12 2.s.(2) requires the Chief Engineer to ensure that PECs and SECs are installed and maintained in compliance with USP compounding chapters and VA design standards including third party testing and certification. NOTE: VA uses the CETA CAGs to define certification procedures for assessing if the Primary and Secondary Engineering Controls are operating as designed to maintain a sterile environment for the preparation of CSPs Semi- Annual HEPA filter testing. Schedule and coordinate areas to be tested with the COR and with a three (3) week notice. Provide complete airflow testing and hard copy report to include air changes per hour for each room and pressure relationship to surrounding spaces for the following spaces (see attachment 1 for floor plans showing the locations of each room). West Haven Quarterly Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week SPS Soft Supply Storage 1 SG-173 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Cart Wash 1 SG-191 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Prep 1 SG-192 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Decon 1 SG-193 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Steris Decon Mobile Mobile 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Steris Prep Mobile Mobile 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 2106 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR Bulk Storage 1 2216 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3219 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3234 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3258A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday West Haven Bi-Annual Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week Inpatient Pharmacy Pharmacy 1 G220 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Biohazard 1 G220C 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Chemo Room 1 G220F 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Buffer Room 1 G220G 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Ante Room 1 G220E 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Inpatient Pharmacy Clean Prep 1 G220H 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Oncology Infusion 2 5203 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Sunday West Haven Annual Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week SPS Soft Supply Storage 1 SG-173 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Cart Wash 1 SG-191 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Prep 1 SG-192 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Decon 1 SG-193 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Steris Decon Mobile Mobile 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday SPS Steris Prep Mobile Mobile 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday Nuclear Med Imaging 1 G144 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday Nuclear Med Imaging 1 G146 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Scrub Room 1 1109 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Procedure 1 1111 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Control Room 1 1117 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Procedure 1 1115 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Control Room 1 1110 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday CATH Lab Cath Storage 1 1107 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday IR Angiography 1 1128 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday IR PAX Room 1 1129 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday IR RAD Storage 1 1130A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday Blood Lab Clinical Lab 1 1229 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Blood Bank 1 1193 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Blood Bank 1 1195 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Blood Bank 1 1196 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Molecular Diagnostics 1 1197 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Pharma Cogenetics 1 1202 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Media Prep 1 1203 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Media Prep 1 1205 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Microbiology 1 1208 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Blood Lab Molecular Diagnostics 1 1213 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Microscopy 1 1185 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Surgical Anatomic Pathology 1 1180 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Histology 1 1175 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Cytology 1 1174 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Supply 1 1173 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Anatomic Pathology 1 1169 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Laboratory Lab 1 1165 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday SICU Isolation Room 1 3119 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Endoscopy Scope Storage 1 3194 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Endoscopy Decon 1 3189A 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Endoscopy OER/HLD 1 3189B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday OR RMD Storage 1 2106 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR Bulk Storage 1 2216 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3219 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3234 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR RMD Storage 1 3258A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 1 OR Suite 1 3216 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 2 OR Suite 1 3258 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 3 OR Suite 1 3236 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 4 OR Suite 1 3238 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 5 OR Suite 1 3227 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 6 OR Suite 1 3244 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday OR 7 OR Suite 1 3246 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday Pre Op OR Suite 1 3212 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday PACU OR Suite 1 3251 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday - Sunday FLEX Isolation 1 5167 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday FLEX Isolation 1 5168 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday FLEX Isolation 1 5169 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday MICU Bronch Room 1 5216 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday MICU Isolation 1 5167 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday 6W Isolation 1 6127 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday 6W Isolation 1 6128 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Treatment Room 2 G123F 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Treatment Room 2 G123D/E 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Treatment Room 2 G123D/E 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Isolation 2 G123 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dialysis Isolation 2 G123 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Outpatient Pharmacy Active Storage 2 2104 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Outpatient Pharmacy Storage 2 2104D 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Outpatient Pharmacy Vault 2 2104DA 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Storage 2 2120 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Operatory 2 2119 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Operatory 2 2118 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Storage 2 2117E 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Exam 2 2117D 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Exam 2 2117C 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Exam 2 2117B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Laboratory 2 2117A 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Storage 2 2116 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Operatory 2 2116B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Dental Operatory 2 2118B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Office 2 2228 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Mail Room 2 2227 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Office 2 2226 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Lab 2 2224 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Conference 2 2222 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Washroom 2 2220 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Sterilizing 2 2221 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Office 2 2220B 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday TB Lab Media Preparation 2 2219 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab Fume Hood 2 2219 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab Contamination 2 2217 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB lab Lab 2 2216 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab EKR 2 2215 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab Washroom 2 2215A 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday TB Lab Corridor 2 Corridor 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday - Friday Pharmacy Nursing 2 5202 4:00 p.m. 11:00 p.m. Monday Friday Animal Research Operating Room 2 8134 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Clean Linen 2 8134A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8135 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Operating Room 2 8136 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Operating Room 2 8136A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8138 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8140 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8141 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8145 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8147 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8148 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8102 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8104 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8105 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8106 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Operating Room 2 8107 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8108 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8111 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8113 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8115 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8117 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8118 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8119 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8120 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8122 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8123 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Lab 2 8124 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Feed Stock Room 2 8125 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 2 8131 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 5 C252 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 5 C253 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 5 C254 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 27 160 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 27 161 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Animal Research Animal Quarters 27 162 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Monday - Friday Newington Quarterly Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week SPS Soft Supply Storage 2E B144A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS Decon 2E B156 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS Prep 2E B157 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS RMD Storage 2E 3100 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Newington Annual Testing Hours of Work Service Secondary Bldg Room Typ Hours Days of Week SPS Soft Supply Storage 2E B144A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS Decon 2E B156 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS Prep 2E B157 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday SPS RMD Storage 2E 3100 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Dispensing/Assembly 2C 2205 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Active Storage 2C 2207 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Prescription Receiving 2C 2204A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Storage 2C 2121 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Prep 2C 2215 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Storage 2C 2214 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Storage 2C 2123 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Storage 2C 2126 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Pharmacy Vault 2C 2126A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Storage 2C 2115 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2101 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2112 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2110 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2109 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2108 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2107 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Dental Lab 2C 2106 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Exam Room 2C 2105 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Accumulation Room 2C 2104 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Accumulation Room 2C 2102A 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday Dental Dental X-Ray 2C 2102 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Saturday HVAC Systems to be Air Balanced and HEPA DOP Tested West Haven Campus: Mechanical Air Handler Unit and Exhaust Equipment Schedule Building Room Service Area 1 6137M 6 East 1 5150 5 East and South MICU 1 5206 OR 3, 4, 6, 7 1 4260 OR 1, 2, 5, PACU 1 4260 SICU 1 4181 4 West 1 10th Floor Endoscopy 1 2213B OR Storage and EMS Breakroom 1 2222 1st Floor Ultrasound AHU 5 1 2222 OR Locker and Library AHU 6 1 1207 IAQ 1 1218 Hematology 1229 1 Cardiology Roof Cath Lab 2 Room 1111 1 Nuclear Med Roof Cath Lab 1 Room 1115 1 Cardiology Roof 1st Floor Old Psych/ Cardiology 1 Subground SPS 1 Subground SPS 1 Pharmacy Roof Inpatient Pharmacy 1 SG174 SPD Unit 1 SG129 Ground Cardiology/ MRI 1 SS6 Morgue 2 9 Interior Animal Lab 2 8 Exterior Animal Lab Chiller 2 8 7 DNA Lab 2 6 Cancer Center 2 5185 5 West 2 2102 Pharmacy Corridor 2 2120 Dental 2 2113 Penthouse First AHU Front ER 2 2113 Penthouse Middle AHU Dialysis 2 2113 Penthouse End AHU ER Clinic 2 2200 TB Lab 2 G132 Electrical Lockup AHU 2 G139A New Orleans AHU 7 2 G139B AHU 5 2 G139 Switchgear Room 2 G142A Sterile Storage 2 6th Floor AHU 6 2 7th Floor AHU 1 HVAC Systems to be Air Balanced and HEPA DOP Tested Newington Campus: Lab AHU #1 and Exhaust Located B2E Basement SPS AHU #2 and Exhaust Located B2E Basement Dental AHU B2C Penthouse Pharmacy AHU C01 and Exhaust Located B2W Basement Unscheduled/Emergency Service Calls Requirements: Unscheduled service calls shall be performed at the direction of th

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/644970b331c94d109ce03a33f2858841/view)