---
layout: default
title: Annual Inspection and Repair of Fire Equipment and Systems
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 73e84e0aef9d4f8dbb333c1d127f0b69
---

# Annual Inspection and Repair of Fire Equipment and Systems

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 10:47:30.917-04
- Solicitation Number: W912EQ26QA026

## Summary

**The purpose of this amendment is to incorporate a bid schedule into the solicitation.** The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Memphis District has a requirement for annual and periodic inspection and servicing of fire equipment and systems. The solicitation number is W912EQ26QA026 and is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This is a small business set aside procurement. The associated NAICS code is 541990. Response to this solicitation must be received via email by date and time indicated on solicitation; regardless of method of delivery, it is the offeror?s responsibility to ensure receipt of quote by the time and date stated therein. Quotes should be marked with solicitation number W912EQ26QA026 and addressed to Tommye Sepulveda, Phone (901) 579-3647, email: Tommye.B.Sepulveda@usace.army.mil or Kirk A. Middleton, Phone (901) 544-0786, Kirk.A.Middleton@usace.army.mil. Vendors not registered in System for Award Management Registration (SAM) database prior to award will not be eligible for award. Vendors may register for SAM by registering online at www.sam.gov. In accordance with FAR 52.204-7, all vendors shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award, during performance and through final payment of any contract. North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code applicable (541990) to this acquisition must be in vendors SAM registration. EVALUATION AND BASIS OF AWARD ?FAR 13.106, Soliciting competition, evaluation of quotations or offers, award and documentation. The Government will use the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) to evaluate and award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Contractor whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government based on overall assessment of technical capability, past performance and price. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without discussions. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. Therefore, the initial quote should contain the best terms from a price and technical standpoint. The Government may reject any or all quotes if such action is in the public interest IAW FAR 6.302-7 and/or quotes that appear to be buying-in IAW FAR 3.501-1. All quotes submitted will be evaluated for (1) Technical Acceptability, (2) Satisfactory Past Performance and (3) Price.1. Technical Acceptability- - is defined as the capability to PROVIDE THE SERVICES as specified in this Solicitation and the attached Scope-of-Work (SOW), and the ability to meet the specified delivery schedule. To be determined Technically Acceptable contractors shall submit the following with their quote package: (1.) Technicians must be currently registered and licensed to inspect and service portable and fixed fire extinguishing equipment in the States of Tennessee, Arkansas and Missouri as appropriate with the facility location. Proof of licensing must be submitted with the Contractors bid. (2.) Re-tester Identification Number (RIN) issuance letter provided to the Contractor by the Associate Administrator for Hazardous Material Safety. The RIN will be verified using the Department of Transportation (DOT) Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) Cylinder Requalification Locator: https://portal.phmsa.dot.gov/rinlocator (3.) RIN issuance letter provided to the Contractors chosen subcontractor by the Associate Administrator for Hazardous Material Safety along with a Letter of Understanding from the chosen subcontractor stating that it agrees to perform the required hydrostatic testing of cylinders for the Contractor for the duration of the contract W912EQ26QA026. 2. Satisfactory Past Performance- A review of past performance will be conducted on this requirement. To demonstrate past performance the contractor shall provide documentation of satisfactory performance on past or current contracts of a similar type, size, scope and complexity, as well as provide references, including names and contact information of references who can verify their past performance. In addition to the above, the Government may review any other sources of information for evaluating past performance. Other sources may include, but are not limited to, past performance information retrieved through the Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS), including Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS) using all CAGE/Unique Entity Identifier numbers identified in the quote, and any other known sources not provided by the contractor. While the Government may elect to consider data from other sources, the burden of providing detailed, current, accurate and complete past performance information rests with the contractor. 3. Price ? Price Reasonableness will be determined by competitive quotes. The Government may reject any proposal that is determined to be Not Fair and Reasonable, unrealistically high, or low in price when compared to Government estimates, or are unbalanced, such that the proposal is deemed to reflect an inherent lack of competence or failure to comprehend the requirements. Provide your best and final quote including all discounts and credit card fees. It is incumbent upon the contractor to submit sufficient documentation and information for the Government to determine technical acceptability, satisfactory past performance, and proposed price. Failure to submit sufficient information for the government to determine technical acceptability, past performance or price may be cause for rejection of your quote. The Government intends to award no more than two (2) BPAs from this solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kirk Middleton
  - Email: kirk.a.middleton@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9015440786

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/73e84e0aef9d4f8dbb333c1d127f0b69/view)