---
layout: default
title: Repair and Calibration of VigilOX Inhalation Sensor Block (ISB) models ISB001 and ISB003
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 204edf8d115941d788b8dfb8f46f0725
---

# Repair and Calibration of VigilOX Inhalation Sensor Block (ISB) models ISB001 and ISB003

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 16:43:58.581-04
- Solicitation Number: F1S0AM6071A001

## Summary

Notice Type: Presolicitation Notice Anticipated Contract Award Date: 15 April 2026 Contract Award Number: TBD This is a Sole Source presolicitation notice. No small business set-asides apply. NAICS Code: 811210 FSC/PCS: J066 Description: The United States Air Force Test Center/Directorate of Contracting (AFTC/PZZG), located at 5 S. Wolfe Ave, Edwards AFB, CA, 93524 intends to issue a sole source, FFP contract to a large business, Mission Systems Orchard Park Inc (CAGE: 04577) located at 10 Cobham Dr. Orchard Park, New York 14127-4121, for repair and calibration of the VigilOX Inhalation Sensor Block (ISB) models ISB001 and ISB003, P/N B63089-1. The contract will be executed by means of other than full and open competition, due to Mission Systems Orchard Park Inc being the manufacturer and sole entity capable of calibrating and repairing these items. Justification, Statutory Authority: Per RFO

6.103 Other than full and open competition. (a) Agencies may contract without providing for full and open competition under authorities specified in this section (see 10 U.S.C. 3204 and 41 U.S.C. 3304). RFO 6.103-1 Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The authority permitting the use of noncompetitive procedures is 10 U.S.C. 3204(a)(1) or 41 U.S.C. 3304(a)(1). In order to comply with RFO 5.101(c)(4)(vii), the reason for lack of competition is as follows: Eaton Corporation (a parent company of Mission Systems Orchard Park Inc) is a global power management company that builds VigilOX pilot breathing sensors and ISBs; and is the only vendor capable of servicing the VigilOX ISB. The VigilOX Inhalation Sensor Block (ISB) models ISB001 and ISB003 are highly specialized components used in pilot breathing systems, designed to measure physiological data such as oxygen flow rates, concentrations, pressure, and temperature at the point of inhalation. The manufacturer, Mission Systems Orchard Park Inc, requires these sensors to be calibrated and repaired in-house to ensure high precision and regulatory compliance for life-support technology. Proprietary Calibration Technology: The manufacturer develops proprietary calibration solutions that verify not just single points, but ensure all values are within strict specifications. Regulatory Compliance (FDA/ISO): As devices designed for pilot breathing, these sensors are subject to rigorous safety standards. Under guidelines similar to 21 CFR Part 820, manufacturers must ensure traceability to national or international standards (such as NIST), which is best achieved through authorized manufacturer service. Sensor Complexity and Precision: The ISB001/ISB003 sensors are specialized for environmental data capture during flight. Accurate calibration requires specialized knowledge of how pressure, temperature, and specific gas mixtures (like 100%) impact the sensor readings. Warranty and Liability Risk: Utilizing third-party or non-OEM services can void manufacturer warranties and leaves the equipment non-compliant, posing significant liabilities, particularly in safety-critical applications like aviation. Full System Maintenance: Manufacturer service often includes cleaning the internal components, applying firmware updates, and repairing wearable housing parts to prevent malfunctions, such as overheating or short circuits, which a general service provider may not cover. While some oxygen sensors can be calibrated in the field, complex systems that require high precision under specific environmental conditions, such as cabin pressure and varying oxygen concentrations, are generally limited to factory service to ensure reliability. Therefore, Mission Systems Orchard Park Inc is the only vendor who can calibrate and repair these items. FAR 52.225-3, Buy American–Free Trade Agreements–Israeli Trade Act, FAR 52.225-5, Trade Agreements, and FAR 52.225-11, Buy American-Construction Materials under Trade Agreements, or FAR 52.225-23, Required Use of American Iron, Steel, and Manufactured Goods-Buy American Statute-Construction Materials under Trade Agreements do not apply to this acquisition. There are no solicitation documents; however, any vendors that believe they can meet the requirements described should submit a complete technical package, which provides clear and convincing evidence that they can meet the Government’s requirement. Contractors must be registered in System for Award (SAM) at www.sam.gov Please submit all questions, comments, and feedback regarding this product to the following Points of Contact: ? Ms. Carmen Barahona, Contract Specialist, Email: carmen.barahona@us.af.mil ? Ms. Jenna Jacobson, Contracting Officer, Email: jenna.jacobson@us.af.mil No telephone responses will be accepted. Any information submitted by respondents to this Notice of Contract Action is strictly voluntary. To the maximum extent possible, please submit non-proprietary information. Any proprietary information submitted should be identified as such and will be properly protected from disclosure. No classified information shall be submitted. Any response submitted by respondents to this Notice of Contract Action constitutes consent for that submission to be reviewed by Government personnel. The Air Force Test Center has appointed an Ombudsman to consider and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. Concerned parties should address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the Contracting Officer for resolution prior to consulting the Ombudsman. Additionally, Air Force Federal Acquisition Regulation (AFFARS) 5352.201-9101 – Ombudsman, will be included in any potential solicitation and contract for this acquisition. The AFTC Ombudsman contact information is as follows: Air Force Test Center Vice Commander 1 South Rosamond Blvd, Edwards AFB, CA 93524-3784. Phone Number (661) 277-2810, Facsimile Number (661) 277-7593, Email: aftc.workflow@us.af.mil. DISCLAIMER AND NOTICE: This is a presolicitation notice only and does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that AFTC/PZZG, will take procurement action on this matter. This is NOT a request for proposals, applications, proposal abstracts, or quotation. This courtesy Notice of Contract Action only shall not be construed as an obligation on the part of the Government. Further, the Government will NOT be responsible nor reimburse any submitters of information for any cost incurred in furnishing this information. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed. Information provided will be used to assess tradeoffs and alternatives available for the potential requirement. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jenna Jacobson
  - Email: jenna.jacobson@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6612779558
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Carmen Barahona
  - Email: carmen.barahona@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 661-277-3282

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/204edf8d115941d788b8dfb8f46f0725/view)