---
layout: default
title: 6515-- Bone Mill Brand Name or Equal
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c3078aa44f2545bb9589f7668df12b20
---

# 6515-- Bone Mill Brand Name or Equal

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 15:23:06.73-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0250
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Bone Mill System Brand Name or Equal SDVOSB Set Aside This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 11:00pm CT, March 17, 2026 All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. Questions must be emailed by the deadline to Danzel.Streets@va.gov ** Quotes are to be provided to Danzel.Streets@va.gov no later than 11:00pm CT, March 20, 2026 Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ) and the solicitation number is 36C25526Q0250. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-03 effective January 17, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339112 with a small business size standard of 1000 employees. This solicitation is a 100% set-aside for service-disabled veteran owned small business. List of Line Items; Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Stryker Bone Mill+ Base/5420-100-000 Brand Name or Equal 2 EA $ $ 0002 Stryker The Mill Cable/ 5400-704-000 Brand Name or Equal 2 EA $ $ 0003 Stryker Bone Mill Plus Tray/5420-101-000 Brand Name or Equal 2 EA $ $ 0004 Stryker Bone Mill+ Software/5420101000 Brand Name or equal 4 EA $ $ Grand Total $ Description of Requirements for the items to be acquire; See attached statement of work Delivery and acceptance is to be F.O.B Destination (FAR 52.247-34) at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center, located at Department of Veteran Affairs Harry S. Truman Veterans Affairs Medical Center 800 Hospital Dr Columbia, MO, 65203 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturer s (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers.Â No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. Offeror shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM.Â All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract.Â Accordingly, the VA reserves the right enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. If an item in this solicitation is identified as brand name or equal, the purchase description reflects the characteristics and level of quality that will satisfy the Government s needs. The salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics that equal products must meet or exceed are specified in the solicitation. To be considered for award, offers of equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer, must Meet the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation; Clearly identify the item by- Brand name, if any and Make or model number, Include descriptive literature such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer; and Clearly describe any modification the offeror plans to make in a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements. Mark any descriptive material to clearly show the modification. The contracting officer will evaluate equal products on the basis of information furnished by the offeror or identified in the offer and reasonably available to the contracting officer. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the offer. Unless the offeror clearly indicates in its offer that the product being offered is an equal product, the offeror shall provide the brand name product referenced in the solicitation Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the VetCert https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/ or SBA Small Business Search https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) - Technical capability or quality of the item offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) - Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products ; (III) Completion of FAR 25 Provision FAR 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate; (IV) Delivery Lead Time; and (V) Price. Volume I - Technical capability or quality of the item offered to meet the Government requirement The offeror shall submit specifications, cut sheets, or brochures confirming the equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer submitted, meets or exceeds the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation. The product(s) quoted must be identified by brand name, if any, and make or model number. Volume II - Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products The offeror shall complete the Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products and submit as part of the quote. Volume III Delivery Lead Time The offeror shall state the required number of calendar days to deliver the item, to include installation, if applicable. Volume IV Completion of FAR 25 Provision The offeror shall complete the provision if required by FAR Part 25. Provision FAR 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Volume V Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor 1. Technical capability or quality of the item offered to meet the Government requirement Factor 2. Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting- Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products Factor 3. Completion of FAR 25 Provision 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Factor 4. Delivery Lead Time Factor 5. Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will evaluate quotations using the comparative evaluation process outlined in FAR 13.106-2(b)(3), where quotations will be compared to one another to determine which provides the best benefit to the Government. The Government reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price that provides additional benefit(s). Quotations may exceed minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation, but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. The evaluation will consider the following: Factor 1. Technical capability or quality of the item offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor 2. Completion of Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products : The Government will evaluate the responses an offeror makes to Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products for completeness. If an offeror fails to complete Attachment - VAAR Clause 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting-Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products their quote will be determined ineligible for award. Factor 3. Completion of FAR 25 Provision: The Government will evaluate quotes of foreign and domestic offers IAW FAR Part 25. The offeror will complete the provision if required IAW FAR 25. FAR 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Factor 4 Delivery Lead Time - The Government will evaluate delivery lead time and select the quoter/offer whose delivery lead time is most advantageous to the Government. The Government may consider an award to other than the lowest priced quoter/offeror if it s in the best interest of the Government. Factor 5. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the item offered to the Government requirement shall not be selected regardless of price. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Items. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. Offerors must be registered in SAM at time of offer submission. 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(s). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW FAR 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the FAR or VAAR. The following FAR clauses incorporated by reference; FAR 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation & First-Tier Subcontract Awards (JUN 2020) FAR 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (AUG 2020) FAR 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (OCT 2020) FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (JUN 2020) FAR 52.219-28 Post Award Small Business Program Representation (NOV 2020) FAR 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule (MAR 2020) Waiver 334510 Applies FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUN 2003) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JUL 2020) FAR 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (APR 2015) FAR 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity (SEP 2016) FAR 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUN 2020) FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020) FAR 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (JUN 2020) FAR 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010) FAR 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (OCT 2020) FAR 52.223-18 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (JUN 2020) FAR 52.225-1 Buy American Supplies (JAN 2021) FAR 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (JUN 2008) FAR 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements (JUN 2020) FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management (Oct 2018) Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 852.212-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items (Apr 2020) VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.219-10 VA Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside (DEC 2009) if SDVOSB set-aside VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) 852.252-70, Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Jan 2008) The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference, or the clause at FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following FAR provisions are to be incorporated by reference: FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (AUG 2020) FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal (AUG 1999) FAR 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation (JUN 2020) The following VAAR provisions are to be incorporated by reference: None The following FAR clauses are incorporated by reference: FAR 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights and Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (JUN 2020) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (AUG 2020) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (NOV 2021) The following VAAR clauses are to be incorporated by reference: VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market Items (APR 2020) Date and Time offers are due to Danzel.Streets@va.gov by 11:00pm MT, 03/20/2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Danzel Streets Danzel.Streets@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Danzel Streets
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Danzel.Streets@va.gov
  - Phone: (240) 215-0575

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c3078aa44f2545bb9589f7668df12b20/view)