---
layout: default
title: J065--693-26-2-047-0038 | SEA 44080 | Vertex Data Distributing Service | NCO 4 Services 3 (VA-26-00051555)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: d2a6ad5176f0458ea1795b231288d051
---

# J065--693-26-2-047-0038 | SEA 44080 | Vertex Data Distributing Service | NCO 4 Services 3 (VA-26-00051555)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-19 14:52:12.223-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426Q0428
- Awardee: null

## Summary

DESCRIPTION NOTICE OF INTENT TO AWARD SOLE SOURCE: Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Regional Procurement Office East (RPOE), Network Contracting Office 4 (NCO 4) intends to award a sole source contract with Data Distributing LLC, 9 Wyeth St. Ladera Ranch, CA 92694-0300 for Vertex Data Distributing Services for the Wilkes-Barre VAMC at 1111 East End Blvd, Wilkes Barre, PA 18711. This contract is issued to ensure continuous support for the Vertex Data Distributing Services. The Statement of Work is attached. The period of performance will be a base year plus three option years. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES; however, any responsible firm that believes it can meet the requirements may give written notification and capability statements prior to the response due date and time. Vendors shall indicate if they are the direct supplier or service provider of the items and/or authorized reseller/distributor. Supporting evidence must be furnished in sufficient detail to demonstrate the ability to perform the requirements and must include relevant corporate experience along with the applicable contract number, total contract dollar amount, contract period of performance, details of the relevant services and customer point of contact with corresponding telephone number and email address. Responses must include following information: Company Name SAM number Company s address Point of Contact information (title, phone number and email address) Business size. Response received will be evaluated; however, a determination by the Government not to compete the proposed procurement based on responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information provided will not be returned. Responses are due by March 26 at 11:00 AM (EST). No submissions will be accepted after this date and time. Responses shall be submitted via email to derek.chuff@va.gov. The NAICS code for this acquisition is 811210 and the standard size is $34.0M. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS Wilkes-Barre VAMC Statement of Work Title of Project: Support and Repair maintenance service contract for Radiology Image media burner and all subcomponents Scope of Work: In accordance with the following specifications: Unlimited Support M-F 8am 4pm PST. Software Updates upon request that provide the latest software features. Same day shipment of replacement hardware once trouble-shooting is completed before 12pm CT. Next business day exchange equipment, freight, repair labor, and all parts expenses (excludes consumables and print heads). Sorma certified, inspected and quality tested replacement autoloaders and printers. Unlimited Data distributing phone support from 8am -4pm PST. Data distributing will trouble-shoot all technical issues and resolve them over the phone if possible. If a replacement part, unit or software upgrade is needed, Data Distributing will contact the MFG for the product and will request the necessary items to be sent to the end user thereby streamlining the process for the end user. Vendor shall provide all personnel, parts, tools, test equipment, service manuals, computer software and schematics necessary to complete repairs on all equipment identified in Schedule A. This contract shall be for Preventive Maintenance and repair coverage abiding by the selected service plan for that coverage year of contracted equipment. FE Backup Coverage Weekdays: Mon-Fri, 8AM-4PM PST Replace modules 1 for 1 exchange overnight shipping if placed before 12pm CT Unlimited technical phone support 8am 4pm PST All software updates included during contract period Mon-Fri, 8AM-4PM Software and Quality Updates The vendor s service representative shall send the service report to a representative of Biomedical Engineering after completion of equipment repairs. Failure to provide Biomedical Engineering with the service report will result in non-payment of invoices submitted for this service. Records Management: 1. Contractor shall comply with all applicable records management laws and regulations, as well as National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) records policies, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. chs. 21, 29, 31, 33), NARA regulations at 36 CFR Chapter XII Subchapter B, and those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a). These policies include the preservation of all records, regardless of form or characteristics, mode of transmission, or state of completion.Â 2. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, all data created for Government use and delivered to, or falling under the legal control of, the Government are Federal records subject to the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) (5 U.S.C. 552), as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a), as amended and must be managed and scheduled for disposition only as permitted by statute or regulation.Â 3. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, Contractor shall maintain all records created for Government use or created in the course of performing the contract and/or delivered to, or under the legal control of the Government and must be managed in accordance with Federal law. Electronic records and associated metadata must be accompanied by sufficient technical documentation to permit understanding and use of the records and data.Â 4. Wilkes-Barre VAMC and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of Wilkes-Barre VAMC or destroyed except for in accordance with the provisions of the agency records schedules and with the written concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. In the event of any unlawful or accidental removal, defacing, alteration, or destruction of records, Contractor must report to Wilkes-Barre VAMC. The agency must report promptly to NARA in accordance with 36 CFR 1230. 5. The Contractor shall immediately notify the appropriate Contracting Officer upon discovery of any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of information, data, documentary materials, records or equipment. Disclosure of non-public information is limited to authorized personnel with a need-to-know as described in the [contract vehicle]. The Contractor shall ensure that the appropriate personnel, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established to ensure the security and confidentiality of this information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is properly protected. The Contractor shall not remove material from Government facilities or systems, or facilities or systems operated or maintained on the Government s behalf, without the express written permission of the Head of the Contracting Activity. When information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is no longer required, it shall be returned to Wilkes-Barre VAMC control or the Contractor must hold it until otherwise directed. Items returned to the Government shall be hand carried, mailed, emailed, or securely electronically transmitted to the Contracting Officer or address prescribed in the [contract vehicle]. Destruction of records is EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED unless in accordance with Paragraph (4). 6. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, contracts. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Wilkes-Barre VAMC guidance for protecting sensitive, proprietary information, classified, and controlled unclassified information. 7. The Contractor shall only use Government IT equipment for purposes specifically tied to or authorized by the contract and in accordance with Wilkes-Barre VAMC policy.Â 8. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any non-public Wilkes-Barre VAMC information that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract.Â 9. The Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected from public disclosure by an exemption to the Freedom of Information Act.Â 10. The Wilkes-Barre VAMC owns the rights to all data and records produced as part of this contract. All deliverables under the contract are the property of the U.S. Government for which Wilkes-Barre VAMC shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Any Contractor rights in the data or deliverables must be identified as required by FAR 52.227-11 through FAR 52.227-20. Schedule A Allegro 100-RMGE: Serial Numbers: 2220500888 Coverage Year 2026 / 2028 Vertex Software: Serial Numbers: 1021743 Coverage Years 2026 / 2028 Vertex Advanced Dicomization: Serial Numbers: 1022434-AD-1 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1022434-AD-2 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1022434-AD-3 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 Vertex 25EI: Serial Numbers: 1022429 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1022430 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1022431 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1022432 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1022433 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Derek M Chuff
  - Title: Derek Chuff
  - Email: Derek.Chuff@va.gov
  - Phone: 814-943-8164

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d2a6ad5176f0458ea1795b231288d051/view)