---
layout: default
title: DA01--CRR: FMBT Independent Verification & Validation (IV&V) Services - Recompete (VA-26-00044457)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ad6976bc117e4c0ca96c207213892c2e
---

# DA01--CRR: FMBT Independent Verification & Validation (IV&V) Services - Recompete (VA-26-00044457)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 14:00:39.029-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0353
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Information (RFI) Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) Services for Financial Management Business Transformation (FMBT) Program VA-26-00044457 Introduction This Request for Information (RFI) is issued solely for market research and planning purposes and shall not be construed as an Invitation for Bid (IFB), Request for Task Execution Plan (RTEP), Request for Quotation (RFQ), or Request for Proposal (RFP). This RFI does not constitute a solicitation, does not commit the Government to issue a solicitation, and does not authorize the Government to negotiate or award a contract at this time. The purpose of this RFI is to identify qualified and capable vendors that can meet the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) requirements for Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) Services in support of the Financial Management Business Transformation (FMBT) Program. The Government seeks to obtain information on industry capabilities, best practices, and feedback related to the scope provided (Please see attached Draft Performance Work Statement). Any potential contract or order resulting from information obtained through this market research will be competed in accordance with applicable Federal Acquisition Regulations. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by respondents in developing or submitting responses to this RFI. Participation is strictly voluntary, and non participation will not preclude any vendor from future consideration under any forthcoming RTEP, RFQ, or RFP. All submissions become Government property and will not be returned. Respondents are responsible for clearly marking any proprietary, restricted, or competition sensitive information included in their submissions. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 541519. 2. Submittal Information: All responsible sources may submit a response in accordance with the below information. There is a page limitation for this RFI of 10 pages. The Government will not review any other information or attachments included, that are in excess of the 10 page limit. NO MARKETING MATERIALS ARE ALLOWED AS PART OF THIS RFI. Generic capability statements will not be accepted or reviewed. Your response must address capabilities specific to the services required in the attached draft PWS and must include the following: Interested Vendors shall at a minimum, provide the following information in the initial paragraph of the submission: Company Name CAGE/ Unique Entity ID under which the company is registered in SAM.gov Company Address Point of contact name Telephone number Email address Company Business Size and Status For VOSB and SDVOSBs, proof of verification in VetCert (https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/). NAICS code(s) For small business concerns, indicate whether at least 50 percent of the total amount paid by the Government will be paid to firms that are similarly situated. Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) and Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) must indicate whether at least 50% of the cost incurred would be expended for prime employees or employees of other eligible SDVOSB/VOSB firms. This should also include the prime planned percentage and if under 50%, the names of the potential team members that may be used to fulfill the 50% SDVOSB/VOSB requirement. If your company is a Small Business, also include the following: The intent and ability to meet set-aside requirements for performance of this effort. Information as to available personnel and financial resources to support a requirement of this magnitude. Information as to proposed team members, the percentage of work each is to perform and which PWS requirements would be subcontracted. Existing Contractual Vehicles (GWAC, FSS, or MAC) Provide a summary of your capability to meet the requirements contained within the draft PWS for the following areas: List any existing contracting vehicles that you would recommend for this requirement to be solicited against. Detail your company s capability and experience developing verification and validation approaches, risk and assessment criteria, for programs similar to Financial Management Business Transformation (FMBT) ensuring consistency with the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) verification and validation standards and compliance with applicable law and policy. Detail your company s capability and experience developing verification and validation methods for independent testing, to include development and execution of manual and automated test scripts for coverage of business functional and technical requirements, business processes and interfaces for similar systems to the Integrated Financial and Acquisition Management System (iFAMS), software and configurations ensuring consistency with the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) verification and validation standards and compliance with applicable law and policy. Detail your company s capability and certified Momentum federal financial management application subject matter expertise with regard to testing, configuring or supporting Momentum software or Momentum system implementations or enterprise federal financial management efforts. Detail your company s capability and experience with Agile Scrum methodology and/or Scaled Agile Framework (or SAFe methodology) and managing IV&V work utilizing Agile or other industry s best practices. Organizational Conflict of Interest (OCI) Any vendors that are currently providing any services (program management, development, sustainment, testing, etc.) for VA FMBT program or iFAMS will likely have an OCI that will preclude it from bidding on this effort as the scope of this work includes performance analysis of current work being performed by and within each portfolio, re-prioritization/investment recommendations for portfolios/programs/projects, and budget recommendations for the portfolios current states. In addition, any vendors that intend to bid on future work associated with these portfolios should consider that the successful awardee of the Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) services for Financial Management Business Transformation (FMBT) procurement will likely be excluded from bidding on that work as part of the scope of this effort is requirements analysis, strategic planning, and budget formulation for the portfolios future states. Therefore, detail if your company engaged in any VA contracted services directly or indirectly supporting the VA FMBT program or iFAMS in any capacity? If so, please describe the contracted services being provided. Corporate experience or expertise in performing these types of services and specific examples or references. Specific examples or references provided must include the agency, point of contact, dollar value, and contract number. Has the draft PWS provided sufficient detail to describe the technical requirements that encompass the software development and production operations support services to be performed under this effort. ______ YES _______ NO (if No, answer question f, below) If NO , please provide your technical comments/recommendations on elements of the draft PWS that may contribute to a more accurate proposal submission and efficient, cost-effective effort. Responses to this RFI shall be submitted electronically by 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time, April 27, 2026 via email to the Technology Acquisition Center (TAC) point of contact Contract Specialist, Angel Santos, angel.santos2@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Kendra Casebolt, Kendra.Casebolt@va.gov. Please do not wait until the last minute to submit your responses! To avoid submission of late responses, we recommend the transmission of your response file 24 hours prior to the required response due date and time. Please be advised that timeliness is determined by the date and time an Offeror s response is received by the Government not when an Offeror attempted transmission. Offerors are encouraged to review and ensure that sufficient bandwidth is available on their end of the transmission. No more than 10 pages.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angel Santos
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Angel.Santos2@va.gov
  - Phone: 848-377-5096

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ad6976bc117e4c0ca96c207213892c2e/view)