---
layout: default
title: P400--Building 149 and 150 Demolition 552-26-201
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 103ef9e64f28491ca91d771b6a5399f4
---

# P400--Building 149 and 150 Demolition 552-26-201

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 08:24:41.72-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026B0027
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Question: Page 9 of 74 solicitation reference Additional Considerations for Building 150 Par F.. Provide a detailed description of all hazardous materials located in the structure and provide it to the COR Is testing required to identify all hazardous materials, and who is responsible for identifying any/all of the materials that will require testing to be designated (or not) as hazardous? Answer: Due to the extent of the structural failure, all materials shall be considered to be hazardous. The identification of the materials shall account for the type. The VA needs to account for what hazardous materials are located in the demo site for disposal. Question: Page 5 of 74 solicitation reference Utility Removal and Termination Par(s) A, B, C, D Removal and safe termination of (steam, condensate, electrical systems, water supply) in each building at their source Will the various utilities be terminated in the respective buildings 149 and/or 150 or another building, and can the VA provide as-built drawings for the buildings that the utilities will be terminated in? Answer: For building 149, contractor is to remove existing steam and condensate pipe back to the valve. Existing valve is to remain and will be capped/plugged off. For building 150, remove existing piping. B150 s valve has already been copped by maintenance shops. Refer to 006 Steam Distribution Plan in this solicitation. Question: Page 7 of 74 solicitation, reference Hazardous Material Handling Par D., The contractor shall implement a site-specific safety plan addressing all potential hazards, including the safe removal of unknown type and quantity buried under the roof debris. Shall the contractor assume potential hazards to be asbestos, lead paint/pipes, mercury, PCBs, mold, silica dust, creosote, refrigerants, etc.? Answer: Due to the extent of the structural failure, all materials shall be considered to be hazardous. Question: Page 9 of 74 solicitation, reference Additional Considerations for Building 149 Par G., Provide a detailed description of all hazardous materials located in the structure Shall the contractor provide the detailed description following testing? and will a contract modification be issued if unforeseen and unreported hazardous materials are found that require special handling and disposal? Answer: Due to the extent of the structural failure, all materials shall be considered to be hazardous. The identification of the materials shall account for the type. The VA needs to account for what hazardous materials are located in the demo site for disposal. Question: Solicitation and Specifications, many references are made to asbestos, has there been a hazardous survey completed for the buildings scheduled for demolition and can the VA post the hazardous survey via amendment? Answer: Due to safety concerns, no survey was completed. Due to the extent of the structural failure, all materials shall be considered to be hazardous. The identification of the materials shall account for the type. The VA needs to account for what hazardous materials are located in the demo site for disposal Question: Solicitation and Specifications, many references are made to asbestos, has any testing been performed to determine if asbestos actually exists in the buildings scheduled for demolition or is the contractor to assume the building does contain asbestos? Is the contractor to assume the asbestos is friable or non-friable? Answer: Due to safety concerns, no testing was completed. Due to the extent of the structural failure, all materials shall be considered to be hazardous. The identification of the materials shall account for the type. The VA needs to account for what hazardous materials are located in the demo site for disposal Question: During demolition of building 149, can the contractor assume the corridor connecting buildings 305 and 409 will be closed to normal hospital foot traffic, a containment with ramps and floor protection would be constructed isolating the corridor door(s) leading to the parking lot between buildings 305 and 409, and finally, can the contractor stage dumpsters in that parking area? Answer: The corridor connecting buildings 305 and 409 shall be closed to normal hospital foot traffic. Coordination for setting dumpsters shall be coordinated with the COR. Question: Can you tell us How tall are walkways are, so we know which crane to use? Will the contractor need to relandscape the area after the demo is complete on build 149? Answer: The roof ridge line is estimated to be around 20' above grade. This is not an exact measurement. Yes. The contractor shall be responsible for areas that are effected by the construction. Question: In reference to Section 01 00 00, can connecting corridors between buildings 409 and 305 be closed off for demolition and removal of Building 149? Can the parking lots, located outside the corridors, be closed off for Crane and dumpster staging for demolition of Building 149? Answer: Connecting corridor between will require closer in order to remove debris. Sections of the parking lot can be closed off for the use of equipment and dumpster. However, the loading dock will need to remain accessible to maintain shipping and receiving operations. Question: In reference to Section 01 57 19, can hoses be run thru building or hallway for dust suppression for demolition of Building 149? Answer: No hoses will be permitted to run through buildings. A hose running across the corridor at the access doors will be acceptable. No hose connection will be permittable within the corridor to prevent damages caused by possible leakages. Hoses running through the corridor shall be removed as required to secure corridor doors. Question: In reference to Section 33 63 00, what are the requirements for Steam line abandonment? Answer: For building 149, contractor is to remove existing steam and condensate pipe back to the valve. Existing valve is to remain and will be capped/plugged off. For building 150, remove existing piping. B150 s valve has already been capped by the maintenance shops.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julie A Stout
  - Title: Division Chief
  - Email: Julie.Stout@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/103ef9e64f28491ca91d771b6a5399f4/view)