---
layout: default
title: F16_AN_APG68_DualMonitor_NSN5998013035871_PN785R537G01
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 95b77f4125dc43a6bfb1857b47179f53
---

# F16_AN_APG68_DualMonitor_NSN5998013035871_PN785R537G01

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 07:36:26.038-04
- Solicitation Number: F16_AN_APG68_DualMonitor_NSN5998013035871_PN785R537G01

## Summary

P/N: 785R537G01 Noun: RF Monitor Application: F-16 C/D APG-68 Dual Mode Transmitter 1 Jul 2021 Section C 1/3 SECTION C: 1. QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS THAT MUST BE SATISFIED TO BECOME A QUALIFIED SOURCE a. Prequalification Notice: The offeror shall notify the appropriate government Small Business Office or, if responding to a solicitation, the contracting officer in the appropriate government contracting office, of intent to qualify as a source for this RF Monitor. b. Facilities, Testing, and Inspection Capabilities: The offeror must certify to the government that they have, or have access to, the required facilities and equipment to repair, inspect, test, package, and store the item. The offeror shall make their facilities, equipment, tooling, and personnel available for evaluation and inspection by the government. c. Data Verification: The offeror must verify that they have a complete data package. This verification must include a complete list of all procedures, drawings, and specifications, including change notices, in the offeror’s possession including, at a minimum Northrop Grumman (97942) drawings 785R537G01 and T823A84. The offeror may also be required to produce copies of all applicable procedures, drawings, or specifications. d. Repair Process Verification: The offeror must repair this item to conform to the government requirements as prescribed within the ESA-approved engineering/technical data package. The offeror must show compliance with Unique Identification (UID) requirements in accordance with DFARS 211.274 as prescribed within the ESA-approved engineering/technical data package. The offeror must provide, at their own expense, data showing the results of all quality, performance, and environmental evaluations conducted by the offeror to show compliance with the government requirements as prescribed by 416 SCMS/GUEAA. The offeror shall also identify its sources for materials and its standards for internally used processes. e. Test and Evaluation and/or Verification: The offeror, at their own expense, shall prepare and submit to 416 SCMS/GUEAA for their prior approval, a qualification test plan/procedure detailing how they intend to verify compliance with all performance, environmental, mechanical, and quality assurance requirements identified by Drawings 785R537G01 and T823A84. After completion of the approved qualification testing, the offeror shall be required to submit a complete test report of the results to 416 SCMS/GUEAA for their review and approval prior to the contract award. The government retains the right to exercise the option to inspect the testing processes, including on-site witnessing of any or all documented testing. To allow accomplishing this, the offeror shall notify the government at least 30 days in advance of the occurrence of any testing that will be used as a basis for qualification. The offeror’s facilities shall be made available for government inspection during these tests. f. Qualification Article Verification: The offeror must provide, at their own expense, a pre-contract award qualification article for evaluation by the government. This article must comply with all of the requirements of Drawing 785R537G01, T823A84. This article shall be subjected to a form, REPAIR QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS NSN: 5998-01-303-5871 P/N: 785R537G01 Noun: RF Monitor Application: F-16 C/D APG-68 Dual Mode Transmitter 1 Jul 2021 Section C 2/3 fit, and function evaluation to demonstrate compatibility with the weapon system and to evaluate the repair capability of the offeror. Offerors will be notified whether or not their qualification article passed or failed the required qualification testing within 90 days of submitting a product for qualification testing. Note that successful completion of the qualification testing does not guarantee any contract award. If the offeror is deemed qualified and awarded the contract, a post-contract award first article exhibit may be required to verify production capability. g. Qualification Requirement Cost Estimate: Estimated likely costs for testing and evaluation, which will be incurred by the potential offering party to become qualified are $3,000. h. Qualification Time Completion Estimate: It is the estimate of the engineering support activity that completion of this qualification effort should require 180 days. This is based on complexity of the RF Monitor and other factors. i. Qualification Time Limitation: An offeror may not be denied the opportunity to submit and have considered an offer for a contract if the offeror can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the contracting officer that the offeror (or its product) meets these standards for qualification or can meet them before the date specified for award of the contract. The award will not be delayed to provide the vendor with an opportunity to demonstrate its ability to meet the standards specified in this qualification requirement. j. Evaluation of Proposals Not Previously Qualified: The offeror must be fully qualified in order to be eligible for a contract award. Therefore, the offeror must fulfill all of the requirements stated, in writing, in the qualification requirement before the date specified for award of the contract. Once all requirements are met, the offeror will be listed as an approved repair source for this item. Approval, however, does not guarantee subsequent contract award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tracey Beringer
  - Email: tracey.beringer@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7772211

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: be required to verify production capability. g. Qualification Requirement Cost Estimate: Estimated likely costs for testing and evaluation, which will be incurred by the potential offering party to become qualified are $3,000. h. Qualification Time Completion Estimate: It is the estimate of the engineering support activity that completion of this qualification effort should require 180 days. This is based on complexity of the RF Monitor and other factors. i. Qualification Time Limitation: An offeror may not be denied the opportunity to submit and have considered an offer for a contract if the offeror can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the contracting officer that the offeror (or its product) meets these standards for qualification or can meet them before the date specified for award of the contract. The award will not be delayed to provide the vendor with an opportunity to demonstrate its ability to meet the standards specified in this qualification requirement. j. Evaluation of Proposals Not Previously Qualified: The offeror must be fully qualified in order to be eligible for a contract award. Therefore, the offeror must fulfill all of the requirements stated, in writing, in the qualification requirement before the date specified for award of the contract. Once all requirements are met, the offeror will be listed as an approved repair source for this item. Approval, however, does not guarantee subsequent contract award

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/95b77f4125dc43a6bfb1857b47179f53/view)