---
layout: default
title: EQUIPMENT RENTAL- 55,000 CFM TIER III DUST COLLECTOR
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 502a7d4a72b448b4a27f23f071d018cf
---

# EQUIPMENT RENTAL- 55,000 CFM TIER III DUST COLLECTOR

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 11:09:18.93-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z04026Q60556Y00

## Summary

THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS, PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN SUBPART

12.6 OF THE FAR AND AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES ONLY SOLICITATION; QUOTES ARE BEING REQUESTED AND A SEPARATE WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED. SOLICITATION NUMBER 2126406Y61K6597005 APPLIES AND IS USED AS A REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ). THIS SOLICITATION DOCUMENT AND INCORPORATED PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES ARE THOSE IN EFFECT THROUGH FEDERAL ACQUISITION CIRCULAR (FAC) 2024-05, DATED 22 MAY 2024. IT IS ANTICIPATED THAT A COMPETITIVE PRICE PURCHASE ORDER SHALL BE AWARDED AS A RESULT OF THIS SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION. ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT A QUOTATION, WHICH IF TIMELY RECEIVED, SHALL BE CONSIDERED BY THIS AGENCY. THE U.S. COAST GUARD, SURFACE FORCES LOGISTICS CENTER (SFLC) INTENDS TO AWARD A FIRM FIXED PRICE PURCHASE ORDER. NO DOWN PAYMENTS OR ADVANCED PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE TO THE AWARDED VENDOR. VENDOR SHALL ENSURE THEY CAN SECURE FUNDING FOR THIS ORDER UNTIL DELIVERED AND RECEIVED BY THE US COAST GUARD. PAYMENT WILL BE MADE BY GOVERNMENT PURCHASE ORDER (NET 30) AND THE VENDOR SHALL ASSUME FINANCIAL RESPONSIBILITY UNTIL THE ORDER IS ACCEPTED AND RECEIVED BY US COAST GUARD. PAYMENT OF THE WORK IS AUTHORIZED TO BE SUBMITTED AS WORK IS COMPLETED BUT MUST BE APPROVED BY THE CONTRACTING OFFICER FIRST. BASIS FOR AWARD: THIS SOLICITATION IS BASED ON FAR 13 – SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITION PROCEDURES AND QUOTES WILL BE REVIEWED AND AWARDED ON A BEST VALUE BASIS PER THE SOLICITATION. PAST PERFORMANCE WILL ONLY BE REVIEWED FOR “RESPONSIBILITY” BASIS PER FAR 9.1. THE EVALUATION CRITERIA FOR THE QUOTES WILL BE WHO MEETS ALL THE TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS, WHO MEETS OUR DEADLINES AND PRICE. ALL QUOTES SHALL BE EMAILED TO ERICA GIBBS VIA ERICA.L.GIBBS@USCG.MIL AND SHALL BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN MAY 1, 2026, AT 9:00AM (EASTERN). ALL EMAILED QUOTES SHALL HAVE 2126406Y61K6597005 IN THE SUBJECT OF THE EMAIL. VENDOR INFORMATION: ENTITY NAME ENTITY UNIQUE ENTITY ID ENTITY ADDRESS ENTITY POC ENTITY PHONE NUMBER POC EMAIL ADDRESS VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE: LINE 1: TWO (2) 55,000 CFM TIER III DUST COLLECTORS DESCRIPTION: TWO (2) 55,000 CFM TIER III 174 HORSEPOWER DIESEL POWERED UNITS –The collector must have a reverse pulse jet system, auger system for removing dust and debris, and hopper mounted pneumatic vibrators. A flexible discharge hose and drum cover must be included for use with a 55-gallon drum. Unit must be trailer mounted with two 80 or greater gallon fuel tanks. The contractor is responsible for all maintenance and repairs during the rental period. If at any point during the rental period, the unit(s) should have a mechanical or performance issue the Contractor must provide a mechanic for repair 7 days a week upon notice from the government. Repair must be made within eight (8) hours of notice. If unable to repair, the contractor shall provide a replacement within 48 hours. The collection units provided must have been manufactured within 5 years of the contract date. UNIT OF ISSUE: 1 JB LINE TOTAL: ESTIMATED PERFORMANCE DATE: NINE (9) CONSECUTIVE WEEKS BETWEEN 6/10/2026-8/12/2026 LINE 2: OPTION TO EXTEND RENTAL OF (2) 55,000 CFM TIER III DUST COLLECTORS DESCRIPTION: EXTENSION OF RENTAL OF TWO (2) 55,000 CFM TIER III 174 HORSEPOWER DIESEL POWERED UNITS –The collector must have a reverse pulse jet system, auger system for removing dust and debris, and hopper mounted pneumatic vibrators. A flexible discharge hose and drum cover must be included for use with a 55-gallon drum. Unit must be trailer mounted with two 80 or greater gallon fuel tanks. The contractor is responsible for all maintenance and repairs during the rental period. If at any point during the rental period, the unit(s) should have a mechanical or performance issue the Contractor must provide a mechanic for repair 7 days a week upon notice from the government. Repair must be made within eight (8) hours of notice. If unable to repair, the contractor shall provide a replacement within 48 hours. The collection units provided must have been manufactured within 5 years of the contract date. UNIT OF ISSUE: 1 JB LINE TOTAL: ESTIMATED PERFORMANCE DATE: TBD *ALL WORK MUST BE COMPLETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK FOR THE ORDER. *SERVICES ARE REQUIRED TO BE COMPLETE BY AUGUST 12, 2026* PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: U.S. COAST GUARD YARD ATTN: PAINT SHOP, 154' RICHARD SNYDER 2401 HAWKINS POINT ROAD BALTIMORE, MD 21226 INVOICING IN IPP IT IS A REQUIREMENT THAT ALL INVOICING FOR PURCHASE ORDERS WILL NOW BE ENTERED AND PROCESSED THROUGH HTTPS://WWW.IPP.GOV. ALL INVOICES MUST CONTAIN THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: CG PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER, VENDOR’S INVOICE NUMBER, CAGE NUMBER, PO ITEM NUMBER, DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES OR SERVICES, UNIT PRICES AND EXTENDED TOTALS (INVOICES FOR PURCHASE ORDERS AWARDED BY SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER, BALTIMORE ARE TO BE SUMITTED AS NON PO IN IPP). SHIPPING COSTS WILL BE INDICATED AS A SEPARATE LINE ITEM ON THE INVOICE (IF APPLICABLE). SHIPPING COST $100 OR MORE MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY A SEPARATE FREIGHT INVOICE WHEN SUBMITTING AN INVOICE(S) FOR PAYMENT (IF APPLICABLE). TO SUBMIT AN INVOICE, VENDOR MUST HAVE ACCESS TO WWW.IPP.GOV. TO GAIN ACCESS PLEASE INDICATE IF YOU DON’T HAVE AN ACCOUNT SO THE ISSUING OFFICE CAN ESTABLISH ONE FOR YOU. FAR CLAUSES THIS ORDER IS SUBJECT TO BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO THE FOLLOWING FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATIONS: 52.204-24 REPRESENTATION REGARDING CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND VIDEO SURVEILLANCE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT. 52.204-26 COVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES-REPRESENTATION. 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS—COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES. 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS—COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES. 52.204-23 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING FOR HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, AND SERVICES DEVELOPED OR PROVIDED BY KASPERSKY LAB COVERED ENTITIES. 52.204-25 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING FOR CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND VIDEO SURVEILLANCE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT. 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS—COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES. 52.217-8 OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES. AS PRESCRIBED IN 17.208(f), INSERT A CLAUSE SUBSTANTIALLY THE SAME AS THE FOLLOWING: OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES (NOV 1999) THE GOVERNMENT MAY REQUIRE CONTINUED PERFORMANCE OF ANY SERVICES WITHIN THE LIMITS AND AT THE RATES SPECIFIED IN THE CONTRACT. THESE RATES MAY BE ADJUSTED ONLY AS A RESULT OF REVISIONS TO PREVAILING LABOR RATES PROVIDED BY THE SECRETARY OF LABOR. THE OPTION PROVISION MAY BE EXERCISED MORE THAN ONCE, BUT THE TOTAL EXTENSION OF PERFORMANCE HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED 6 MONTHS. THE CONTRACTING OFFICER MAY EXERCISE THE OPTION BY WRITTEN NOTICE TO THE CONTRACTOR WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE END OF THE PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE FOR LINE 1. (END OF CLAUSE)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ERICA GIBBS
  - Email: ERICA.L.GIBBS@USCG.MIL
  - Phone: 2068155371

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/502a7d4a72b448b4a27f23f071d018cf/view)