---
layout: default
title: J065--Seattle Instrument Maintenance, Repair and Sharpening
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d9cc39820e0244b5b9b507374fefe924
---

# J065--Seattle Instrument Maintenance, Repair and Sharpening

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 10:27:37.512-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0464
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Page 1 of 19 Effective Date: 04/18/2025 Revision: 02 Page 1 of 19 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 (eff. 03/13/2026) This solicitation is a Request for Quote (RFQ) and the solicitation number is 36C26026Q0464 and set-aside for SDVOSB vendors. The Government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price services contract from this solicitation. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811210, with a small business size standard of $34M. The FSC/PSC is J065. The Puget Sound VA Medical Center is seeking to purchase a services contract for maintenance, service and sharpening of sterile processing instruments . All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Weekly onsite sharpening and maintenance for approximately 1,100 instruments per week. Inspection, Repair, restoration/refurbishment, cleaning, and marking laser if needed. Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 04-15-2026 POP End: 04-14-2027 12 MO 1001 Weekly onsite sharpening and maintenance for approximately 1,100 instruments per week. Inspection, Repair, restoration/refurbishment, cleaning, and marking laser if needed. Contract Period: Option 1 POP Begin: 04-15-2027 POP End: 04-14-2028 12 MO 2001 Weekly onsite sharpening and maintenance for approximately 1,100 instruments per week. Inspection, Repair, restoration/refurbishment, cleaning, and marking laser if needed. Contract Period: Option 2 POP Begin: 04-15-2028 POP End: 04-14-2029 12 MO 3001 Weekly onsite sharpening and maintenance for approximately 1,100 instruments per week. Inspection, Repair, restoration/refurbishment, cleaning, and marking laser if needed. Contract Period: Option 3 POP Begin: 04-15-2029 POP End: 04-14-2030 12 MO 4001 Weekly onsite sharpening and maintenance for approximately 1,100 instruments per week. Inspection, Repair, restoration/refurbishment, cleaning, and marking laser if needed. Contract Period: Option 4 POP Begin: 04-15-2030 POP End: 04-14-2031 12 MO STATEMENT OF WORK The Veterans Affairs (VA) Puget Sound Healthcare System, Seattle and American Lake, WA requires weekly instrument sharpening and repairs on multiple surgical and dental equipment instruments. The ability to remove dura-bond/taped instruments, by color, will assist in identifying instruments to specific services. Specific duties are as follows: 1. Scope. The contractor shall provide all equipment, materials, and labor for the weekly instrument sharpening, and repair for surgical, podiatry, clinical, CBOCs, and Dental Instruments kept in the care of the Seattle Puget Sound VAMC. The ability to remove dura-bond/taped instruments, by color, will assist in identifying instruments to specific services. 2. Specific Tasks. 2.1 - Onsite Instrument Maintenance and Repair The contractor shall perform mobile onsite sharpening on scissors, nail clippers, osteotomes, chisels, bone cutting forceps, curettes, wire and pin cutters, rongeurs, elevators. The Contractor shall restore inserts on needle holders, check instruments to ensure they are in good working order, have no cracks, and perform deep surface cleaning. The Government estimates the number of instruments to be sharpened or repaired each weekly to be 1,100 instruments.

2.2 Scheduling of Instrument Maintenance and Repair to include Surgical Case Carts/Instrument Containers. The Contractor shall coordinate with the VA Point of Contact (POC) to schedule periods of performance. Contact shall be made not less than 1 week prior to date/ time request. The Contractor shall be escorted by the POC when picking up and returning instruments after repair. The contractor shall perform all work on-site and return the instruments on the same day, unless shipping to facility for repair is needed. Parking will be permitted in the Contractor Vehicle parking only.

2.3 Off Site Instrument Maintenance and Repair If an instrument item is found to be defective beyond the capabilities of the mobile service, or in the event an instrument requires repair or sharpening and cannot wait until the weekly service period, it may become necessary for the government to ship items via a route to be determined to the Contractor for service or repair. The Contractor shall be responsible for all shipping or freight charges incurred during transit. This cost shall be included in the Contractors weekly rate. Contractor shall diagnose the defective item and coordinate with the POC within 3 business day of receipt. At that time the Contractor shall provide the POC with a description of the defect, repair options, and repair cost, as well as an estimated time of repair. POC shall determine whether to continue or return item without repair. All instruments shall be returned to the VA. Under no circumstances will the Contractor retain VA property, this will also include any containers/accessories.

2.4 Summary of Completed Instrument Maintenance and Repair The Contractor shall provide within 3 business days a summary of any work completed. This summary should include a description of items serviced, service completed, as well as service price. This Summary should also include a list of any defective instruments with defects listed for future reference. Deliverables: Summary of Completed Instrument Maintenance and Repair/Summary of items not repairable specifically with total numbers of each item. 3. Performance Monitoring The Seattle Puget Sound VAMC Medical Supply Technicians assigned to the Sterile Processing Service will evaluate the instruments upon return. Instruments shall be in a clean state and in a proper working condition. 100% of all instruments returned must be in an acceptable working condition. Any item that is not able to be repaired should have a written statement as to why the repair could not be made and POC shall be notified. 4. Security Requirements Background Investigation and Special Agreement Checks All contractor employees are subject to the same level of investigation as VA employees who have access to VA sensitive information or routine access to VA Facilities. The level of background investigation commensurate with the level of access needed to perform the statement of work is: Not Applicable The Contactor will not have access to VA sensitive information. The Contractor will not have access to VA computers. They will be in contact with an SPS POC at all times during their visits and shall not have routine access to the VA Facility. 5. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI). The Contractor shall not have access to any Government-Furnished Equipment. All equipment and supplies used under the terms of this contract will be the responsibility of the Contractor. 6. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations. The contractor shall possess at least three years experience in performing sharpening and repair services on medical instruments. The Contractor shall have the capabilities to maintain and repair delicate and micro instrumentation. This instrumentation may include such items as Ophthalmic, ENT, and Vascular equipment. Packaging, Packing and Shipping Instructions - If an instrument item is found to be defective beyond the capabilities of the mobile service, or in the event an instrument requires repair or sharpening and cannot wait until the quarterly service period, it may become necessary for the government to ship items to the Contractor for service or repair. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria - The POC on this contract will inspect a pre-designated 10% of all instruments serviced/ repaired under this contract. SPS staff will inspect 100% of instruments serviced using trade tools designed for the testing of surgical instrumentation. Any instruments found to be of unacceptable quality will be documented in writing and returned to the contractor for repair. 7 Place of Performance. Instrument sharpening/repair services shall be performed at the Seattle Puget Sound Department of Veterans Affairs 1660 South Columbian Way Seattle, WA 98108 and American Lake VAMC 9600 Veterans Dr. SW Tacoma WA 98493. The Contractor shall be authorized to park on VA property to perform this service in the Contractor Vehicle. The Contractor shall perform all work on-site in their mobile vehicle. The Contractor shall not perform the sharpening/repair services inside the VA Facility. The Contractor shall pick up and return the instruments on the same day, unless 2.3 applies. If the requested workload takes more than one day, all instrumentation shall be returned to Sterile Processing by 1700 each day of service. Travel expenses shall be at the expense of the Contractor. The contract period of performance is Base 4-15-2026 to 4-14-2027. Option Year 1 4-15-2027 to 4-14-2028 Option Year 2 4-15-2028 to 4-14-2029 Option Year 3 4-15-2029 to 4-14-2030 Option Year 4 4-15-2030 to 4-14-2031 Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: 1660 South Columbian Way Seattle, WA Postal Code: 98108-1532 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5) A statement that the Offeror is an OEM-authorized provider for the services provided. A letter from the manufacturer stating such must be included with any response to this solicitation. (6) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (7) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is late and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror s initial offer should contain the Offeror s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) 52.203-11 CERTIFICATION & DISCLOSURE REGARDING PAYMENTS TO INFLUENCE CERTAIN FEDERAL TRANSACTIONS SEPT 2024 52.203-18 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS-REPRESENTATION JAN 2017 52.204-7 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT REGISTRATION NOV 2024 52.222-48 EXEMPTION FROM APPLICATION OF THE SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS TO CONTRACTS FOR MAINTENANCE, CALIBRATION, OR REPAIR OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT-CERTIFICATION MAY 2014 852.233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SEP 2018 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE SEP 2018 FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial services. ADDENDUM to 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Technical Past Performance Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will evaluate quotations using the comparative evaluation process as outlined in RFO 12.203(c)(2), where quotations will be compared to one another to determine which provides the best benefit to the Government. The Government reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price that provides additional benefit(s). Quotations may exceed minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. The evaluation will consider the following: Technical or Quality: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Past Performance: The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the contracting officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; Customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. Options. The Government will evaluate quotations for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. This includes options under FAR 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, which applies to this solicitation. Evaluation of options under FAR 52.217-8 will be accomplished by adding six months of the quoter's price for the last potential period of performance under this contract to the quoter's total price.Â For example, if the contract includes option periods that are exercisable under FAR 52.217-9, the quoter's total price for the purpose of evaluation will include the base period, all option periods, and an additional six months of the last option period. Quoters must price only the base and option periods specified in the contract line item numbers (CLINs) and shall not submit a price for the potential six-month extension of services under FAR 52.217-8. The Government reserves the right to exercise the option under FAR 52.217-8 before the end of any of the contractor's performance periods and will be exercised at the price and/or rates in effect at the time the clause is exercised. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) ADDENDUM to 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION OCT 2025) Clauses that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-4 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-4 as an addendum to this solicitation: The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference , (FEB 1998) https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide (RFO FAR) http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) 52.203-6 ALT I. RESTRICTIONS ON SUBCONTRACTOR SALES TO THE GOVERNMENT NOV 2021 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS NOV 2023 52.203-19 PROHIBITION ON REQUIREING CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS JAN 2017 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE OCT 2018 52.209-6 PROTECTING GOVERNMENT S INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT, OR VOLUNTARILY EXCLUDED (DEVIATION NOV 2025) JAN 2025 52.209-10 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS NOV 2015 52.217-8 OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES NOV 1999 52.217-9 OPTION TO EXTEND THE TERM OF THE CONTRACT MAR 2000 52.219-6 NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEVIATION NOV 2025) NOV 2020 52.219-14 LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING (DEVIATION NOV 2025) OCT 2022 52.222-3 CONVICT LABOR JUN 2003 52.222-35 EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR VETERANS DEVIATION NOV 2025) JUN 2020 52.222-36 EQUAL OPPORTUNIT FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEVIATION NOV 2025) JUN 2020 52.222-37 EMPLOYEMENT REPORTS ON VETERANS (DEVIATION NOV 2025) JUN 2020 52.222-40 NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT (DEVIATION NOV 2025) DEC 2010 52.222-50 COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS (DEVIATION NOV 2025) NOV 2021 52.222-51 EXEMPTION FROM APPLICATION OF THE SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS TO CONTRACTS FOR MAINTENANCE, CALIBRATION, OR REPAIR OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT-REQUIREMENTS. MAY 2024 52.226-8 ENCOURAGING CONTRACTOR POLICIES TO BAN TEXT MESSAGING WHILE DRIVING MAY 2024 52.229-3 FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL TAXES (DEVIATION SEP 2025) FEB 2013 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER-SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGMENT JUL2013 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS MAR 2023 52.233-3 PROTEST AFTER AWARD (DEVIATION NOV 2025) AUG 1996 52.233-4 APPLICABLE LAW FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT CLAIM (DEVIATION NOV 2025) OCT 2004 52.240-91 SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS NOV 2025 52.244-6 SUBCONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION OCT 2025) JAN 2025 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING MAY 2018 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS NOV 2018 852.233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SEP 2018 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE SEP 2018 852.242-71 ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER OCT 2020 VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market and Counterfeit Items , (FEB 2023) (a) No used, refurbished, or remanufactured supplies or equipment/parts shall be provided. This procurement is for new Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) items only. No gray market items shall be provided. Gray market items are OEM goods intentionally or unintentionally sold outside an authorized sales territory or sold by non-authorized dealers in an authorized sales territory. (b) No counterfeit supplies or equipment/ parts shall be provided. Counterfeit items include unlawful or unauthorized reproductions, substitutions, or alterations that have been mismarked, misidentified, or otherwise misrepresented to be an authentic, unmodified item from the original manufacturer, or a source with the express written authority of the original manufacturer or current design activity, including an authorized aftermarket manufacturer. Unlawful or unauthorized substitutions include used items represented as new, or the false identification of grade, serial number, lot number, date code, or performance characteristics. (c) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the equipment/system shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (End of Clause) All quoters shall submit the following: Quotes should be emailed to Denise.Patches@va.gov and received no later than April 9, 2026, 10:00AM PT. Quotes may be submitted on this document or the vendors own form. Any offer that does not provide supporting documentation may be considered non-responsive. Required Supporting Documentation: Authorized distributor letter if not the original equipment manufacturer Enough documentation that demonstrates that the offeror can meet the technical requirements of the Statement of Work Quotes that include pricing for all delivery periods listed in the CLIN price table above. Options will be evaluated at time of award. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Denise Patches Contracting Specialist Denise.Patches@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Denise Patches
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Denise.Patches@va.gov
  - Phone: (253) 583-3940

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d9cc39820e0244b5b9b507374fefe924/view)