---
layout: default
title: PEO(U&W)’s Industry Event 2026
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 603398ff6051438e97efbdc265d90b32
---

# PEO(U&W)’s Industry Event 2026

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-26 13:43:55.09-04
- Solicitation Number: PEO_(UW)_Industry_Event_2026

## Summary

************************Updated 26 Mar 2026 Due to ongoing operations, the PEO(U&W) Industry Event 2026 is cancelled. No additional information is available at this time.************************ ************************Updated 9 Feb 2026 with LTJG Evan Mitchell's email address of evan.j.mitchell.mil@us.navy.mil************************ SUMMARY This announcement constitutes a Request for Information (RFI) notice for planning purposes only. This RFI is issued for determining potential technologies and capabilities to consider for the future of the Navy from industry and does not constitute an Invitation for Bid (IFB), a Request for Proposal (RFP), a Request for Quote (RFQ) or an indication that the Government will contract for any of the items and/or services identified in response to this notice. No solicitation documents exist at this time. Participation in this RFI is neither mandatory nor is it requisite to future participation by a contractor in any potential future solicitations/contracts. PEO(U&W) Industry Event 2026 The Program Executive Officer for Unmanned Aviation and Strike Weapons (PEO(U&W)) is planning to host an Industry Event in order to provide opportunities for Industry to learn about the technology needs of the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), PEO(U&W) and the Navy’s Unmanned & Strike Weapons Community with the potential for follow-on briefings regarding technologies that industry has developed. INDUSTRY EVENT SPECIFICS PEO(U&W)’s Industry Event 2026 will take place on 8 & 9 April 2026. This Industry Event will consist of the following: DAY ONE of the event will be held at the SECRET level and will be in-person only in southern Maryland on or near the Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland. DAY TWO of the event will be UNCLASSIFIED and will be in-person only in southern Maryland on or near the Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland. DAY ONE - Wednesday 8 APR 2026 - Government Briefs to Industry (SECRET clearance required) “DAY ONE” of the PEO(U&W) Industry Event 2026 will consist of SECRET level briefings and panel discussions/Q&A from government representatives and one SECRET//NOFORN Threat Brief. This opportunity is open to military, government and industry U.S. Citizens with a final SECRET clearance. Only contractors or sub-contractors performing a current DoD or Federal Intelligence Community contract with a valid DD254 will be allowed to attend. “Need to know” will be determined by the DD254 - a current DD254 authorizing access to national intelligence information with block “10.e(1) and/or 10.e(2) marked will be required to attend the Threat Brief at the classification level of SECRET//NOFORN. Those attendees that do not have blocks 10.e(1) and/or 10.e(2) checked will not be allowed to attend the SECRET//NOFORN Threat Brief but may attend an alternate Threat Brief during the same time period at the Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI ) level as well as the remaining SECRET briefs during DAY ONE. DAY TWO - Thursday 9 APR 2026 - PEO(U&W) Networking with Industry (No clearance required) “DAY TWO” of the PEO(U&W) Industry Event 2026 will consist of UNCLASSIFIED, in-person meetings between Industry and representatives from various PEO(U&W) entities and is open to the public who have registered in advance for these meetings. Meetings will be in the "speed networking" format, will be a maximum of ten minutes in length and must be requested in advance via the registration site. Attendees interested in registering for these meetings will be asked during the registration process to choose their top five choices, in priority order, from 14 available PEO(U&W) entities. REGISTRATION REQUIRED TO ATTEND Register on the Eventbrite website for the days you would like to attend at the following link: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/peouw-industry-event-2026-registration-1982452527877?aff=oddtdtcreator Registration for attendance for either day will be based on a first-come, first-served basis. Registration for DAY ONE will close when full but NO LATER than 1500 Eastern Time (ET) on 31 March 2026 in order to finalize all security clearance verifications. Due to space limitations, please limit attendance for DAY ONE to no more than three representatives per company for each Small Business and no more than six representatives per company for each Large Business. Registration for DAY TWO will close when full but NOT LATER than 1500 Eastern Time (ET) on 31 March 2026. Requests for speed-networking meetings on Day Two will close when full or NOT LATER than 1500 on 17 March in order to finalize the Schedule of Meetings for DAY TWO and to notify potential attendees of their selection or non-selection for these meetings. General questions regarding the registration process for the overall PEO(U&W) Industry Event 2026 should be directed to “Event Coordinator” at peo_uw_industry_.fct@navy.mil. Please put the words “Industry Event 2026” in the subject line plus any amplifying information regarding the question. Specific questions regarding verification of clearances should follow the instructions below. GENERAL INFORMATION Participation in this event and any discussions/release of information is strictly voluntary. The Government will not pay for any information provided or costs associated with travel. The Government is only seeking possible sources and potential capabilities for informational purposes. No reimbursement will be made to respondents for any costs incurred in developing information for, participating in meetings with, or engaging in discussion with the Government in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. On-site lunch options will be available for purchase from vendors ONLY for DAY ONE as well as multiple dining establishments are in close proximity to the event on DAY ONE and DAY TWO. Information contained herein is based on the best information available at the time of publication, is subject to revision, and is not binding upon the Government. Availability of any formal solicitation will be announced under a separate SAM.gov Contract Opportunities announcement. Questions regarding this Event shall be submitted in writing by email to PEO(U&W) at peo_uw_industry_.fct@navy.mil and copy Louise Joy at louise.m.joy.civ@us.navy.mil and LTJG Evan Mitchell at evan.j.mitchell.mil@us.navy.mil with the subject line “PEO(U&W) Industry Event 2026 RFI Question.” Questions shall NOT contain proprietary or classified information. Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. The Government will accept questions concerning this event until 1500 ET 3 April 2026. Questions received after this date may not be answered. Depending on the nature of the question, the Government may post the question and its answer on the SAM.gov Contract Opportunities website or may answer the question during the PEO(U&W) Industry Event 2026 live question and answer sessions. The Government reserves the right not to answer questions received. LAST DAY TO REGISTER FOR DAY ONE OR DAY TWO: WHEN FULL BUT NOT LATER THAN 31 MARCH 2026 LAST DAY TO REQUEST MEETINGS FOR DAY TWO: WHEN FULL BUT NOT LATER THAN 17 MARCH 2026 ********************************************************************************************

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: LTJG Evan Mitchell
  - Email: evan.j.mitchell.mil@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Louise Joy
  - Email: louise.m.joy.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/603398ff6051438e97efbdc265d90b32/view)