---
layout: default
title: Service and Maintenance of Revvity Opera Phenix Plus System Microscope
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 3a3fdb2d581e4c8c909edc2889cf74f9
---

# Service and Maintenance of Revvity Opera Phenix Plus System Microscope

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 14:31:18.019-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIA-001185

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source SOLICITATION NUMBER: PCA-NIA-001185 TITLE: Service and Maintenance of Revvity Opera Phenix Plus System Microscope RESPONSE DATE: April 03, 2026 at 4:00 pm EST. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: Elaine Estrella Contract Specialist Elaine.estrella@nih.gov Brian Lind Contract Specialist Brian.lind@nih.gov INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The National Institute of Health Hospital Laboratory Support Service (NIHHLS) intends to negotiate and award a purchase order without providing for full and open competition to Revvity Health Sciences Inc. The purpose of this acquisition will be to provide the National Institute on Aging (NIA) with maintenance and repair services for the phF Robot Fixed Cell for Phenix (Serial No: PH3-076) and Opera Phenix Plus System (Serial No: 2400L24302) to perform microscopy techniques that are necessary to analyze tissue culture cells invivo and invitro thru a multiple of immunohistochemistry techniques. The microscope is currently in use by the NIA – Center of Alzheimer’s Disease and Related Dementias (CADRD). NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 811210 - Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance with a business size standard classification of $34 M. This acquisition is NOT set aside for small businesses. REGULATORY AUTHORITY The resultant contract will include all applicable provisions and clauses in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2024-07 dated 08-29-2024. This acquisition is conducted under the procedures as prescribed in FAR subpart 13.5—Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items and FAR subpart 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items at an amount exceeding the SAT and not exceeding $7 million. STATUTORY AUTHORITY This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Subpart 13.5—Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items and the statutory authority of [specify the applicable authority: (1) FAR 6.302-1—Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements 41 U.S.C. 3304 (a)(1). DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this requirement is to provide the NIA-CADRD with an acquisition of a maintenance service contract to support the operation of a Revvity Opera Phenix Plus System Microscope. The goal of the NIA-CADRD is to better understand the pathological basis of neurodegenerative diseases mainly Alzheimer’s Disease. This maintenance service contract will ensure that the microscope continues to function PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: NIHHLS anticipates a firm fixed price purchase order. This requirement shall consist of a 12-month base period and (1) 12-month option periods plus additional option quantities. The estimated period of performance shall be as follows: Base Period: April 26, 2026 – April 25, 2027 Option Period 1: April 26, 2027 – April 25, 2028 PROJECT REQUIREMENTS: The Contractor shall be responsible for preventative maintenance and on-demand repair services for the phF Robot Fixed Cell for Phenix (Serial No: PH3-076) and Opera Phenix Plus System (Serial No: 2400L24302) The service may only be completed by an authorized service provider for the Opera Phenix Plus System Microscope. Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to perform the Statement of Work below: The Contactor shall provide: Diagnostic Service and On-Site Field Service as needed by a Revvity certified technician qualified to perform maintenance on the NIA-CADRD’s Opera Phenix Plus System Microscope Onsite preventative maintenance planned and scheduled at least once per period of performance. Such preventive maintenance shall be in accordance with the manufacturer’s recommendations and shall be equal to maintenance provided to commercial customers for the same models. Service calls shall not replace the necessity for scheduled Annual Maintenance. Telephone support and remote troubleshooting. Software upgrades for Revvity owned licenses. Equipment Repair and Replacement parts, as needed. Emergency assessment and repair, as needed. The Contractor shall schedule and perform onsite preventive maintenance from 8:00 am – 5:00 pm Monday through Friday, excluding Federal holidays. The Contractor shall notify the COR in advance of making preventive maintenance inspections. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: Preventive Maintenance: The Contractor shall provide: preventive maintenance to the Microscope System once per year. All visits shall include labor and travel with no additional cost to the government. Assessment and evaluation of overall functionality of the scanner, and system re-calibration Preventive Replacement of working parts as necessary, to prevent future failures Repair services for all parts of the equipment, which includes the following: The contractor must have either an adequate supply of parts in stock and readily available to the service technicians or be able to obtain any required part within 48 hours of the service technician assessment The service technicians need to be OEM trained and qualified All service is to be warranted for 6 months and any replacement part must have at least a 12-month warranty Contractor shall have access to proprietary parts and test instrumentation for effective repair in case of malfunction. Technical performance requirements include system coverage on the subject equipment by Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) factory-trained, authorized technicians and providers of any required parts and software or proprietary diagnostic software and software enhancements must be OEM certified (new or like-new) and compatible with the subject equipment. Contractor shall be required to provide written documentation in achieving this statement of work during the period of performance. The original documentation shall be provided by the vendor to show they completed service. Service shall include labor and parts coverage, extended coverage hours, on-site labor response, technical telephone response (call-back to schedule), and planned maintenance, diagnostics software license and service documentation, and preferred labor rate. CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, Revvity Health Sciences Inc.. is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NIHHLS. The equipment is proprietary to its manufacturer, Revvity Health Sciences Inc., and this company is the sole provider of maintenance for this equipment. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only Revvity Health Sciences. is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: Revvity Health Sciences, Inc. 68 Elm Street Hopkinton MA 01748 United States of America CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, PCA-NIA-01185. Responses must be submitted electronically to Elaine Estrella, Contract Specialist at elaine.estrella@nih.gov or Brian Lind, Contract Specialist at brian.lind@nih.gov . .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elaine Estrella
  - Email: elaine.estrella@nih.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Lind
  - Email: brian.lind@nih.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3a3fdb2d581e4c8c909edc2889cf74f9/view)