---
layout: default
title: Air National Guard (ANG) F-16 Weapons System Simulator Training (WSST)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: dd7af92a135d40a786f52d7551622f7c
---

# Air National Guard (ANG) F-16 Weapons System Simulator Training (WSST)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 09:18:45.341-04
- Solicitation Number: W9133L-26-R-WSST

## Summary

W9133L-26-R-WSST F-16 Weapon System Simulator Training & Support Brief Description: The National Guard Bureau (NGB)/A2/3/6/10 has an ongoing requirement for non-personal services to provide services that meet or exceed performance objectives in support of the Weapon Simulator Training (WSST) program. The purpose of the WSST contract is to provide domestic and international combat capable F-16 aircrews for the United States Air Force, Air National Guard and Foreign Military Sales customers. Place of Performance: Performance under this contract will be at two locations – 149th Fighter Wing (FW) at Joint Base San Antonio (JBSA) – Lackland, Kelly Field Annex, San Antonio, TX and the 162nd Wing located at Morris Air National Guard Base (ANGB) Tucson, AZ. The National Guard Bureau (NGB) Operational Contracting Division, on behalf of NGB/A2/3/6/10YA is conducting market research to determine the availability of qualified sources to provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary to support the WSST program. THIS IS NOT A FORMAL SOLICITATION. The Government is seeking to determine what qualified sources exist to fulfill this requirement. This information may be used to determine if there is a potential of a small business set-aside. The purpose of this “Sources Sought/Market Survey” is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and to develop additional knowledge of the existing market for the required services. The draft Performance Work Statement is posted with this notice and interested parties are encouraged to submit industry comments and/or suggested changes to the PWS. Feedback on individual submissions will not be provided. The Government requests interested small businesses parties submit a response which shall include a brief description of their company’s business size (i.e. annual revenues and employee size), business status (i.e., Small Business, SDB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, WOB, Large Business, etc), anticipated teaming arrangements (i.e. prime contractor/subcontractor, joint venture, mentor protégé relationship, etc.), and a description of same/similar services offered to the Government and to commercial customers. Any responses involving teaming agreements should delineate between the work that will be accomplished by the prime and the work accomplished by teaming partner. Capability Packages should clearly address the following: A technical understanding of the requirement. Key Personnel: Do the key staff members have experience in oversight of F-16 WSST support services? Past Performance: Do you have specific documented past performance and experience in WSST services? In addition, the following questions must be answered and elaborated on as part of the package: Describe the capabilities of your company and the nature of the services you provide. Include a description of your staff composition and management structure (to include business size and any relevant socio-economic categories). Describe your company's past experience on previous projects similar in scope (nature/type of work/services to be provided in the draft PWS), magnitude and complexity to this requirement. Include contract numbers, a brief description of the work performed, period of performance, and agency/organization supported. Describe your company’s capabilities and experience in providing all services identified in the draft PWS. Given the geographic location for performance of the services (San Antonio, TX, and Tucson, AZ), describe your company’s ability/experience to recruit and retain qualified personnel pertinent to the work to be performed under this contract. Identify any potential teaming arrangements/subcontracting relationships likely to be used. Large businesses shall identify subcontracting opportunities. What, if any, risks or unknowns would hinder your ability to meet the requirements? What contract strategy would you recommend? (i.e. contract type, renewal options, CLIN structure, etc.) What do you foresee as the biggest challenges of fulfilling the requirements of the F-16 Weapon System Simulator Training and Support contract? Based on your understanding of this requirement, do you have any specific questions/comments relating to the draft PWS? What provisions of the draft PWS requirements would you change to improve the training or make the operation more efficient? Additional information regarding this requirement will be posted for viewing on Beta SAM at https://beta.sam.gov/ as it become available. Interested parties are cautioned that the draft PWS posted with this notice is subject to change, the formal version of the PWS will be released with the solicitation on a future date. All potential offerors are reminded that in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.204-7, Central Contractor Registration (CCR), lack of registration in the CCR will make an offeror ineligible for contract award. NOTE: It is the responsibility of all potential offerors to monitor the Beta SAM web site for release of any future synopsis or release of the solicitation. Interested parties should submit the information requested above by 15 April 2026, 11:30 am EDT to E-Mail: jeremy.r.wagner3.mil@army.mil Please include company name, address, telephone number, and technical point of contact, brochures/literature. Capability packages must not exceed 15 pages (12 point font with on-inch borders, not including pictures, brochures and Market Survey), must be submitted electronically and should clearly indicate whether your firm is able capable to provide F-16 WSST Program Services. All contractor questions must be submitted no later than 12:00PM EDT on 08 April 2026 to the contract specialist, MAJ Jeremy R. Wagner, E-Mail: jeremy.r.wagner3.mil@army.mil. Telephone calls regarding this notice will not be accepted. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the Government. All information marked {Proprietary to ‘company name’} will not be disclosed outside of the Department of Defense. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS BEING ISSUED FOR PLANNING AND MARKET RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. RESPONSES TO THIS NOTICE ARE NOT CONSIDERED AS OFFERS AND CANNOT BE ACCEPTED BY THE GOVERNMENT TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT. THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY COSTS INCURRED BY INTERESTED PARTIES RESPONDING TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: MAJ Jeremy Wagner
  - Email: jeremy.r.wagner3.mil@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: John Hemmen
  - Email: john.p.hemmen.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dd7af92a135d40a786f52d7551622f7c/view)