---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought - Specimens/Cadavers (Brooke Army Medical Center, JBSA Fort Sam Houston, TX 78234 - San Antonio)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 37f03e8abd494ba6b2839def6e54bde1
---

# Sources Sought - Specimens/Cadavers (Brooke Army Medical Center, JBSA Fort Sam Houston, TX 78234 - San Antonio)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 15:04:53.458-04
- Solicitation Number: PAN26-029832

## Summary

NOTICE THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT / MARKET RESEARCH ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. This notice does not constitute a commitment by the Government. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary, and the Government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the Government. As part of its market research, the Medical Readiness Contracting Office -West (MRCO-W) is issuing this Sources Sought notice to identify and determine if there are potential sources which have the capabilities to provide human specimens/cadavers to Brooke Army Medical Center, JBSA Fort Sam Houston, Texas 78234 (San Antonio). The Government may use the responses to this Sources Sought for information and planning purposes. A general scope of the Government's requirement is provided below. This notice does not constitute a Request for Quote (RFQ)/Invitation for Bid (IFB)/Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFQ, IFB or RFP in the future. This notice does not commit the U.S. Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, the U.S. Government is not seeking quotes, bids or proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals in response to this source sought notice. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. Any hard-copy submittals will not be returned to the respondant. A determination not to compete this requirement, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government. However, if a competitive solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the Government wide Point of Entry, if applicable. It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the Government wide Point of Entry for additional information pertaining to this requirement. SCOPE Projected Period of Performance: One, one-year, base period (1 October 2026 through 30 September 2027; various delivery dates) Departments & Requirements Ophthalmology: Ten (10) total fresh frozen head specimens – seven (7) heads with neck and brain (c-2, c-3) and (3) five heads with brains and vascular vein blue and artery red Otolaryngology: Ten (10) pairs temporal bones, sixteen (16) fresh heads with neck Dermatology: seven (7) hands w/arms (pair) General Surgery & OB/GYN: Sixteen (16) total whole-body – two (2) male and two (2) female per session x4 sessions General Surgery PA & Orthopedics PA: Eight (8) total whole-body – two (2) whole-body per session x4 sessions. Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery (OMFS): Two (2) whole-body and four (4) heads with neck Compliance Awardee must ensure all state and U.S. territory laws and regulations applicable to/that govern the use and/or transport of cadavers are followed. The vendor will provide the county with a copy of the written consent of the claiming parties for each cadaver which will be made available upon request by the contracting officer. Then vendor will follow Title 8. Death and Disposition of the Body Subtitle B. Disposition of the Body Chapter 691. Donation of Bodies and Anatomical Specimens and the Texas Administrative Code of Regulations for Willed Body Programs 25TAC Part 4. Communicable disease testing is performed for each specimen to include at least Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) & Hepatitis B, per the Texas State Anatomical Board. Awardee may not provide any cadavers, or cadaver tissue derived from unclaimed remains, regardless of state or local policy. The government agrees that the use of cadavers will only be for medical professional educational and training purposes. Quantities, Delivery Dates, and Locations Basic Services. The contractor shall provide services for the following for each task listed below: Serology testing is conducted on each of the cadavers by the vendor. All specimens are delivered and picked up according to Specific Tasks below. Disposal as per the Anatomical Board of the State of Texas. Cadavers for Ophthalmology Provide no less than ten (10) total fresh frozen head specimens – seven (7) heads with neck and brain (c-2, c-3) and three (3) heads with brains and vascular vein blue and artery red The same ten (10) cadavers are provided for the entire five-day training period. The cadavers shall be fresh frozen. Preservation in formaldehyde is not adequate for this training. Cadavers that have previously undergone significant surgery or physical alteration are unsuitable for this training. Cadavers for Otolaryngology Provide ten (10) pairs fresh T-Bones specimens. The same ten (10) specimens are provided for the entire training period. Delivery Date: 26 Jan 27 Provide no less than sixteen (16) fresh frozen heads. The specimens shall be fresh frozen. Preservation in formaldehyde is not adequate for this training. Cadavers that have previously undergone significant surgery or physical alteration are unsuitable for this training. The specimens will only be used in the pursuit of anatomic knowledge and its surgical application, specifically for the Otolaryngology Surgical Temporal Bone Dissection training/education. Cadavers for Dermatology Provide seven (7) arms w/hands (pair) Cadavers for General Surgery PA and Orthopedics PA Provide eight (8) whole-body cadavers (x2 per session – 1 male/female x 4 sessions) Cadavers for General Surgery Provide sixteen (16) whole-body cadavers (2 male and 2 female per session x4 sessions) Cadavers for OMFS Provide no less than two (2) whole-body cadavers and four (4) heads with neck HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT Interested Vendors shall provide the following information via email to christopher.a.gregory11.civ@health.mil. 1) Organization name, physical address, valid POC email address, Web site address, telephone number, SAM EUI number, and business size. The NAICS for this requirement is 621991 - Blood and Organ Banks . 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational capability that can meet the government's technical requirement. Telephonic responses WILL NOT be accepted. When responding to this notice, please include in the email subject line the following format: tailor to your company name. “Company Name, Sources Sought Response - Training Specimens ”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher Gregory
  - Email: christopher.a.gregory11.civ@health.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/37f03e8abd494ba6b2839def6e54bde1/view)