---
layout: default
title: Genotyping Support Services
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0b6527fc8030463d9613ce1858b08909
---

# Genotyping Support Services

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 10:22:28.007-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N95026R00006

## Summary

Title: NIA Genotyping Outsourcing Project (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.201-1, Simplified Procedures as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 75N95026R00006 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation. This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and FAR Part 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items and is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. (iii) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) Number 2025-06, with effective date August 26, 2025. (iv) The associated NAICS code 541690 and the small business size standard is $16.5 million. This requirement has no set-aside restrictions. (v) This requirement is for the following service: Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) extraction and multi-gene analysis from rodent tissue samples. See attached Statement of Work (SOW) for additional details. (vi) The Government anticipates award of an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity contract for this acquisition with an anticipated ordering period of April 4, 2026 through April 3, 2031. (vii) The provision at FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), applies to this acquisition. This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.hhs.gov/grants/contracts/contract-policies-regulations/hhsar/index.html (End of provision) The following provisions apply to this acquisition and are incorporated by reference: • FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management (Oct 2018) • FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items (Nov 2021) • HHSAR 352.239-73, Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility Notice (December 18, 2015) The clause at FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), applies to this acquisition. This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.hhs.gov/grants/contracts/contract-policies-regulations/hhsar/index.html (End of clause) The following clauses apply to this acquisition and are incorporated by reference: • FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018) • FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items (Oct 2018). Addendum to this FAR clause applies to this acquisition and is attached. • FAR 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000) • HHSAR 352.239-74, Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility (December 2015) The following provisions and clauses apply to this acquisition and are incorporated as an attachment. • FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items (Jan 2022) • Invoice Instructions (viii) The provision at FAR clause 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: (i.) technical capability, (ii.) price, and (iii.) past performance [see FAR 13.106-2(b)(3)]. Technical capability and past performance, when combined, are significantly more important than price. (b) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (ix) The Offerors to include a completed copy of the provision at FAR clause 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, with its offer. (x) There are no additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions applicable to this acquisition. (xi) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) are not applicable to this requirement. (xii) Responses to this solicitation must include clear and convincing evidence of the offeror’s capability of fulfilling the requirement as it relates to the technical evaluation criteria. The price proposal must include the labor categories, an estimate of the number of hours required for each labor category, fully loaded fixed hourly rate or each labor category, breakdown and rationale for other direct costs or materials, and the total amount. In addition, the vendor Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All Offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov.” All quotations must be received by 12:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight/Standard Time, on Friday, March 20, 2026 and reference Solicitation Number 75N95026R00006. Responses must be submitted electronically to Scott Duernberger, Contract Specialist, scott.duernberger@nih.gov and Kelly Dempsey, Contracting Officer, kelly.dempsey@nih.gov. Fax responses will not be accepted. (xii) The name and telephone number of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Scott Duernberger, Contract Specialist 301-594-0670 Scott.Duernberger@nih.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Scott Duernberger
  - Email: scott.duernberger@nih.gov
  - Phone: 3015940670
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kelly Dempsey
  - Email: kelly.dempsey@nih.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0b6527fc8030463d9613ce1858b08909/view)