---
layout: default
title: NOAA OMAO Procurement of Teledyne Sound Velocity P
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e953377fe14e4ef4a5ee177817aa9643
---

# NOAA OMAO Procurement of Teledyne Sound Velocity P

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 12:28:24.624-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333MK26Q0039

## Summary

The purpose of this procurement is to provide NOAA hydrographic field teams with reliable, fixed-mount sound velocity probes (RESON SVP-70) to support accurate depth measurements during survey operations. These sensors provide continuous sound speed data at the sonar, which is necessary to ensure the quality and accuracy of hydrographic survey data. This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Commercial Items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR SUBPART 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This Combined Synopsis/Solicitation 1333MK26Q0039 constitutes a Request for Quotation (RFQ) which Incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. The National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Office of Marine & Aviation Operations (OMAO), Marine Operation Center (MOC), Engineering Branch Science Division, requires the following (SVP 70 Replacement) The solicitation is being issued as unrestricted and open to all sources. The associated NAICS code is 334511 with a size standard of 1350 Employees. Quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021). Responses are due by 12:00pm EST/EDT on 3/27/2026. There will be no exceptions to the time and date on which responses are due, unless determined otherwise by the Government. Your response, technical, and pricing should be forwarded electronically to the Contracting Specialist via email no later than the date and time specified above. When responding, please include the Requisition number in the subject line. To verify receipt of your response, please contact me either by email or phone. Christopher.baker@noaa.gov FIRM FIXED PRICE CLIN 0001 ¿ Purchase of Make: Teledyne RESON, Model: SVP70, Description: Sound Velocity Probe, Quantity: 15 Each, Deliver within 4 weeks All offered products must meet the requirements of Buy American-Supplies to be considered. Provide verification of the country of manufacture for offered products. This request has an exception under 25.103(2)(e) The start date is an estimate and is subject to new funding approval processes. If there is a significant delay in awarding this contract, a shortened base year Period of Performance may be utilized or an updated quote may be requested with a new 12-month base year and corresponding option years. UTILIZATION OF FEDCONNECT® FOR CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION The Department of Commerce will utilize the FedConnect® web portal in administering this award. The contractor must be registered in FedConnect® and have access to the FedConnect® website located at https://www.fedconnect.net/Fedconnect/. For assistance in registering or for other FedConnect® questions please call the FedConnect® Help Desk at (800) 899-6665 or email at support@fedconnect.net. There is no charge for registration in or use of FedConnect®. (End) CAR 1352.215-72 Inquiries (Apr 2010) OFFERORS MUST SUBMIT ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THIS SOLICITATION IN WRITING VIA EMAIL TO christopher.baker@noaa.gov. QUESTIONS SHOULD BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN 12:00PM EST/EDT ON 3/25/2026. Any responses to questions will be made in writing, without identification of the questioner, and will be included in an amendment to the solicitation. Even if provided in other form, only the question responses included in the amendment to the solicitation will govern performance of the contract. (End of clause) FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) NOTICE TO OFFERORS: Instructions for submitting quotations under this request for quote must be followed. Failure to provide all information to aid in the evaluation may be considered non-responsive. Offers that are non-responsive may be excluded from further evaluation and rejected without further notification to the offeror. 1. Submit PDF or Microsoft Word format quotations to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the time specified in the solicitation. Email quotes are required and can be sent to Christopher.baker@noaa.gov 2. Offeror shall have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM found at https://sam.gov/content/home) in order to provide a quote and be eligible for award. Must provide their UEID/CAGE CODE with their quote and PAGE 1 of their SAM REGISTRATION. 3. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of them or their capability. 4. Acknowledge any solicitation amendments (SF-30), if any. 5. For brand name requirements; Address the ability of meeting the requirements per the specifications with a detail material specification or data sheet, pictures of any requested supply item, and an Authorized OEM letter to sale, distribute or service their products. 6. Provide Copy of Liability Insurance for any services to be performed. 7. Provide at least two references for Jobs performed within the past three years that are same or similar in scope to this requirement. 8.Offerors must provide all evaluation criteria in accordance with FAR 52.212-2. Offerors who do not provide all evaluation criteria may not be considered. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NON-RECEIPT OF QUOTES. IT IS THE CONTRACTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY TO REQUEST AND RECEIVE A CONFIRMATION OF THE QUOTE RECEIPT. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) Offers will be evaluated based on price and the factors set forth in paragraph (a). The evaluation will consider the Non-Price Technical Solution (Technical Approach and Past Performance) to be significantly more important than price. However, as quotes are determined to be more equal in the non-price evaluation factor, price becomes more important and may become the determining factor for award. If, at any stage of the evaluation, all vendors are determined to have submitted equal, or virtually equal, Non-Price Technical Solutions, price could become the factor in determining which vendor will receive the award. The Government intends to evaluate the quotes and award a purchase order based on the Offeror’s initial quote; therefore, the Offeror’s initial quote should contain the Offeror’s best terms from a Non-Price Technical Solution and price standpoint. The Government reserves the right not to award a purchase order depending on the quality of the quote(s) submitted and the availability of funds. Furthermore, the Government may waive informalities and minor irregularities or omissions in quotes received. The Government may make award to other than the lowest-priced Offeror or the Offeror with the highest technical rating if the Contracting Officer determines that to do so would result in the best value to the Government. The Government will not make an award at a significantly higher overall price to achieve only slightly superior performance capability. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Paragraph (a) is hereby completed as follows: Evaluation will be based on the following: 1. Technical Approach and Capability. Brand Name product with all accessory items listed in quote to ensure we are getting a complete package. 2. Price. The Government will evaluate the price quote for completeness and reasonableness in relation to the RFQ requirements. Quoted prices must be entirely compatible with the Non-Price Technical Solution. 3. OEM or Authorized OEM Distributor. Third Party quotes shall not be accepted. 4. Warranty above and beyond the standard. 5. Delivery/Period of Performance considerations. The Government intends to award a trade-off, single firm fixed-price purchase order on an all basis with payment terms of Net 30. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) NAM 1330-17.203(b) (1) Modify FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items, FAR 52.217-4, Evaluation of Options Exercised at Time of Contract Award, or FAR 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options, as applicable, to include the following statement: “Except when it is determined in accordance with FAR 17.206(b) not to be in the Government’s best interests, the Government will evaluate offers or quotations for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement to determine the total evaluated price. This includes options under FAR clause 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, which applies to this solicitation. Evaluation of options will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s).” (2) Include the following statement in all solicitations and resultant contracts and orders: “Inclusion of FAR clause 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, in the solicitation and resultant contract is for use by the Government as outlined at FAR 37.111, Extension of Services. The option will be exercised as needed at any time during the life of the contract using the rates applicable at the time of exercise.” (End of provision) The Government does not accept responsibility for nonreceipt of email. It is the Contractor’s responsibility to request a confirmation of the email receipt. Contractors are encouraged to register with SAM.GOV vendor notification services as well as the interested vendors list for this acquisition. Quoters must be registered in the SAM,GOV database to be considered for this award. Registration is free and can be completed online at HTTP://WWW.SAM.GOV/. Page 1 of completed SAM.gov registration must be with quote package. For additional Clauses and provisions please see attached STANDARD FORM 1449

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: BAKER, CHRISTOPHER
  - Email: CHRISTOPHER.BAKER@NOAA.GOV
  - Phone: 7573170683

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e953377fe14e4ef4a5ee177817aa9643/view)