---
layout: default
title: Z--National Park Service - Independence National Historical Park - Rehabilitate Co
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 374c3988b4b94b66aeb553a7beab7e88
---

# Z--National Park Service - Independence National Historical Park - Rehabilitate Co

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 15:53:50.229-04
- Solicitation Number: 140P4226R0005

## Summary

This announcement 140P4226R0005 REPLACES PRE-SOLICITATION ANNOUNCMENT 140P4225R0008 in its entirety which was originally published back on May 01, 2025, so please reference this one, and disregard that announcement going forward. GENERAL: This is a NEW requirement. This is a PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE only and does not constitute a solicitation; accordingly, no response is due at this time. No questions nor phone call will be accepted about this pre-solicitation notice. All questions and phone calls will be addressed after the solicitation is posted through official amendments. Specific instructions on submitting proposals will be contained in the solicitation documents. It is anticipated that the solicitation will be issued sometime after June 01, 2026. The entire solicitation package, including all attachments, will be available electronic through SAM.gov only. Paper copies of this solicitation are not and will not be made available. Anyone wishing to participate in this proposed procurement must obtain their copy from SAM.gov | Home. Copies will not be mailed from the Contracting Office. All amendments will be posted on SAM.gov | Home. Contractors will be solely responsible for obtaining amendments from this site to update files. PROJECT SCOPE: The Work consists of: Reinforce Two Chimneys and Repoint Six Chimneys. includes the following but is not limited to performing chimney scoping assessment of flues at Chimney 1 and 2. Removal and reinstallation of chimney caps; Reinforcing Chimney 1 and Chimney 2, performing internal flue repairs to stabilize the existing masonry below the roofline utilizing light-weight cast-in-place cementitious flue lining methods for Chimney 1 and 2. Assume base grouting depth to be seven (7) feet below the roofline. Adding vent tubes to all six chimneys, and repointing all six chimneys. Priority Masonry, Gutters, Flashing and Roofing Repair. includes the following but is not limited to resoldering joints at flashing and gutters and removing debris from gutters. Performing a probe to confirm the existing installed configuration of the gutters; removing wood shakes and reinstalling them. Rebuilding portion of damaged jack arch in two different locations; repointing mortar joints, cleaning efflorescence from surface, and replacing bricks previously patched with composite patching mortar located around damaged jack arch. Providing epoxy repair to area of damaged wood repairing and painting entire element after repair is complete. Internal Grouting Four Chimneys. includes the following but is not limited to performing chimney scoping assessment of flues at Chimney 3, 4, 5 and 6; removal and reinstallation of chimney caps; performing internal flue repairs to stabilize the existing masonry below the roofline utilizing light-weight cast-in-place cementitious flue lining methods for Chimneys 3, 4, 5 and 6. Assume base grouting depth to be five (5) feet below the roofline. Option 1: Additional Masonry Repair. This item consists of providing additional repointing in areas of damaged mortar in brick masonry, removing existing mortar back to sound mortar and providing new mortar. Assume 5% repointing of total sf or NTE 894 SF. Option 2: Unit Price for Internal Grouting. Offerors shall provide unit price per linear foot of internal grouting as additional grouting below or reduced grouting above the base grouting depth in CLIN 1 and CLIN 3 once the chimney scoping assessment has been performed. NTE 250 LF Note, contractors are hereby advised to ensure that pricing is balanced, as there is no guarantee that the optional items will be awarded, and if the optional items are awarded, there is no guarantee that all of them will be awarded if funding becomes available. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Independence National Historical Park (INDE), Philadelphia PA ESTIMATED MAGNITUDE OF CONSTRUCTION: In accordance with FAR 36.204, the project magnitude is estimated to be between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000. PROCUREMENT TYPE: The Government anticipates awarding a single firm-fixed price contract award from the solicitation. The Source Selection will be conducted under FAR Part 15.101-2 Lowest Price Technically Acceptable Source Selection Process. SET-ASIDE: This acquisition will be a 100% Small Business Set-aside. Offers will only be accepted from small business concerns. Offers received from concerns that are not small business concerns shall be considered nonresponsive and will be rejected. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE AND SMALL BUSINESS SIZE STANDARD: The NAICS code for this project is 238140 Masonry Contractors and the small business size standard is $19 million. BONDS: All offerors will be required to submit bid guarantee in accordance with FAR 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee. The successful offeror shall be required to provide performance and payment bonds for 100% of the contract award price. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The contract performance period is expected to be 477 days from the start date on the Notice to Proceed, for base item. Will be adjusted accordingly if optional items are included at award, or added later. There will prebid meeting scheduled for this project, but date, time, and location have not been determined as of this pre-solicitation announcement. They will be made known at time of issuance of the solicitation. Contractors will be strongly encouraged to attend. NOTE 1: All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at http://www.sam/gov/ before award of contract; failure to register in the SAM database shall cause your firm to be ineligible for the award and removed from consideration.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: De Leon, Wendy
  - Email: Wendy_Deleon@nps.gov
  - Phone: 6172425681

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/374c3988b4b94b66aeb553a7beab7e88/view)