---
layout: default
title: 6515--REPLACEMENT OF ENDOSCOPE REPROCESSOR SYSTEM. BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW. OEM LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED. IF NO OEM LETTER VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE.
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9a2f28d8e11142f6a77f105cfa901ee4
---

# 6515--REPLACEMENT OF ENDOSCOPE REPROCESSOR SYSTEM. BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW. OEM LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED. IF NO OEM LETTER VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE.

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 10:07:29.963-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0445
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) - IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION. THE SUBMISSION OF PRICING, CAPABILITIES FOR PLANNING PURPOSES, AND OTHER MARKET INFORMATION IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). SEE ATTACHMENT FOR DETAILS: REPLACEMENT OF ENDOSCOPE REPROCESSOR SYSTEM & INSTALLATION FOR BALTIMORE VAMC BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW SEE DETAILS IN THE SOW. * OEM DISTRIBUTOR/AUTHORIZATION LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED FOR ALL RESPONSES, IF NO OEM LETTER IS SUPPLIED THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & THE VENDOR WILL BE DIS-QUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. * MUST COMPLETE THE TRADE AGREEMENT CERTIFICATE - FAR 52.225-6*. * IF THE VENDOR DON T PROVIDE THE ANSWERS FOR ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (1-14). ** THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & VENDOR WILL BE DISQUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. This is a requirement for: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA Medical Center (VAMC). DESCRIPTION: The Baltimore VA VAMC requires the contractor to deliver within 90 days from contract award to the VA medical facility warehouse below during normal business hours from 8:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. (EST), Monday through Friday: Delivery to: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Baltimore VA Medical Center WAREHOUSE/ATTN: 10 North Greene Street Baltimore, MD 21201. DISCLAIMER: This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. Note: The contractor shall deliver the required commodities (Please see attachments) no later than 90 days or less from the date of the award, otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Commodities shall not be delivered to the Government site on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the CO. Delivery shall be made between the hours of 8:00 am and 3:30 pm at the delivery location, during normal workday business hours. The U.S. Government is Performing Market Research to identify responsible sources who have the skills, experience, and knowledge required to successfully meet the requirements. Information received from Market Research will determine the best acquisition strategy and if responsible sources exist for competition, and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. This is only for Market Research but may result in an invitation to an open discussion with the U.S. Government. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the U.S. Government. Any information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. Propriety information or trade secrets should be clearly marked. The information received will not be returned. The U.S. Government reserves the right to reject, in whole or in part, any private sector input as a result of this Sources Sought notice/market survey. The U.S. Government is not obligated to notify respondents of the results of this notice. All responses to this Sources Sought must be submitted to the point of contact listed herein. This does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that procurement will be accomplished and is not a request for proposal or invitation for bid. Responding to this notice in no manner guarantees a contract will be awarded. ** MUST ANSWER ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (FROM 1 TO 14) TO QUALIFY FOR THIS SOLICITATION ** **Respondents to this source sought announcement capable of manufacturing these items should at a minimum provide the following information for U.S. Government review** Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer or distributor of the items being referenced above? Must provide the Manufacture Name (OEM) & Manufacturer Part (MPN). Must complete the Trade Agreement Certificate. FAR 52.225-6. If you are not a manufacturer. The company shall provide an OEM authorized distributor or reseller letter from original equipment manufacturers (OEM) to qualify for this requirement. If no OEM letter will be provided. The vendor will be considered nonresponsive, and the vendor will be disqualified at the time source sought notice (RFI) will close. Does all the items are on FSS/GSA. If the answer is yes. Please provide the FSS/GSA Contract Number and special item number (SIN) & OEM Letter from the Manufacturer that you are authorized to sell this product. Does all the items are on NAC/SAC or SEWP V. Please provide the contract number. Please provide general pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. Legal Business/Company Name (as it is indicated in https://sam.gov ). Unique Entity ID UEI (SAM). Warranty Information (Can be a separate attachment). Point of Contact Name, Telephone number and email address. Must provide the estimated delivery time frame after award. For example: Within 60 days ARO, Within 90 days ARO. The Government intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract for this purchase. To be considered for award, prospective quoters must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) website and complete representations and certifications at https://www.sam.gov . Prospective awardees MUST be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at http://www.sam.gov. PRIOR TO AWARD and through final payment and must complete the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) at http://www.sam.gov prior to award and through final payment. CONTRACT WILL NOT BE AWARDED UNTIL SAM REGISTRATION HAS BEEN COMPLETED. SDVOSB and VOSB socio-economic categories MUST be verified in the SBA Website, U.S. Small Business Administration: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov, at the time of receipt of quotes and at the time of award. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov. No Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Friday, April 17, 2026, by 3:00 PM (EST). Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be utilized by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After reviewing the responses to this Sources Sought notice, a solicitation announcement may or may not be published in SAM.GOV/Open Market or GSA eBuy. STATEMENT OF WORK REPLACEMENT OF ENDOSCOPE REPROCESSORS SYSTEM VA MARYLAND HEALTH CARE SYSTEM BALTIMORE, MD PURPOSE: The overall purpose of this requirement is to procure replacement of three (3) reprocessors and one (1) new endoscope sterilizers to be deployed in the Sterile Processing Service (SPS) at the VA Maryland Health Care System (VAMHCS), Baltimore, MD location. This requirement will account for the procurement of three endoscope reprocessors and one new endoscope sterilizer, the necessary accessories, training, extended installation, and system validation. SCOPE: The contractor shall deliver and install the systems with all specified salient characteristics. Only new equipment will be accepted. The contractor shall provide shipping, transport, installation, and all equipment necessary to meet the requirements and capabilities listed within the scope. The contractor shall deliver the endoscope reprocessors and sterilizer to the rooms of choice at the Baltimore VA medical center. The assembly and validation of the system must be performed by a representative who has been service trained by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM). The contractor is responsible for identifying any missing parts or components not included in the order for the specified equipment to be successfully installed and validated to their full potential. The contractor shall include accessories and consumables in the quotes. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Endoscope reprocessors must have: Monitor to run software and monitor progress of reprocessing cycle Foot switch for hands-free opening and closing Easy access control panel External dimension of ultrasonic washers must be less than or equal to 49 W x 32 D x 69 H Must have minimum net usable chamber dimensions of 32 W x 15 L x 16 D Easily accessible chemical drawers for maintenance Compatibility with barcode scanner Compatibility with CensiTrac Ability to reprocess 2 endoscopes at once Endoscope sterilizer must have: Touchscreen operating panel Hands free opening and closing of the machine Barcode scanner compatibility External dimension of ultrasonic washers must be equal to or cannot exceed 23 W x 35 D x 68 H Compatible with CensiTrac REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION: The contractor will perform installation as the VAMHCS deems fit through discussions with Biomedical Engineering and Sterile Processing. Contractor will provide removal of the existing endoscope reprocessors that are currently in use in Baltimore VA s Sterile Processing Department. These devices are as follows, three (3) Medivators Advantage Plus ADV-1007. Size Dimensions for the devices are as follows: Advantage Plus ADV-1007: 49 x 32" x 69" (W x D x H). The contractor will disconnect all water lines and utilities and remove the devices and any accessories from the space and from the facility to dispose of them. Contractors will need to coordinate with Biomedical Engineering and Infection Control staff to establish removal and installation plans, in accordance with local guidelines. The contractor will be responsible for all labor and materials to relocate plumbing connections as necessary to connect to new equipment. Contractors will use existing drains and will cap off any unused lines. Contractor will be responsible for providing all labor and materials necessary for reconnecting the DI/RO water, hot and cold water and compressed air to all equipment. Contractors will provide necessary labor and material to disconnect and reconnect power to the 3 endoscope reprocessors. DELIVERY The contractor shall deliver equipment and any necessary accessories to the Baltimore VA Warehouse as required in the quantities specified. Any delivery must be coordinated with the COR prior to shipping. The contract must give the COR a minimum of 3 weeks notice prior to shipping. Delivered materials will arrive in the manufacturer s original sealed containers with the associated purchase order number listed on the outside of the box. The contractor shall remove all related shipping debris and packing from the VAMHCS facilities. Delivery address will be: Baltimore VA Medical Center 10 North Greene St. Baltimore, MD 21201 ATTN: Biomedical Engineering SITE CONDITIONS There shall be no smoking on hospital property at any time. Contractor personnel on-site may be required to wear masks to protect against the spread of COVID-19 at any time in accordance with local health guidelines. Due to the sensitive location of the equipment install, personnel on-site may be required to don and doff disposable protective clothing upon entering and exiting the space. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE The contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with the COR upon delivery of equipment. The contractor shall provide the VA COR with a list of missing and/or damaged items found upon inspection and have those items replaced at no cost to the Government. The COR shall ensure all work is completed satisfactorily prior to acceptance. Disputes shall be resolved by the VA Contracting Officer. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Delivery is expected within 90 days ARO. OPERATOR TRAINING Onsite education and training by a vendor service trained representative will be provided to VAMHCS clinical staff, Facilities and Engineering staff, and the Biomedical Engineering staff. The scheduling of operator training shall be coordinated with the COR after delivery and installation. PROTECTION OF PROPERTY The contractor shall protect all items from damage. The contractor shall take precautions against damage to the building(s), grounds and furnishings. The contractor shall repair or replace any items related to building(s) or grounds damaged accidentally or on purpose due to actions by the Contractor. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS The contractor must have a photo ID available when performing work at the VA Medical Center and be willing to present it to VA staff. The contractor is responsible for providing any personal protective equipment (PPE) that is deemed necessary to complete tasks stated in this requirement. The contractor must follow the VA Maryland Health Care Systems current COVID-19 guidance for entry to any medical center or Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC). WARRANTY At a minimum the cart washer and washer-disinfectors and accessories must include a 1-year warranty on all parts and labor at no cost to the Government. Additional years are highly recommended as added value to the government. The warranty shall begin upon completion of validation testing. Warranty shall include onsite repairs and over-the-phone support. Contractor shall provide routine maintenance service program during warranty period. All repairs shall be performed by a vendor or contractor which has been certified by the vendor to perform the repairs. The warranty shall include all travel and shipping costs associated with any warranty repair. CONTRACT TYPE. Firm-Fixed Priced Contract Evaluation Factors Replacement of Endoscope Reprocessor System and Installation VA Maryland Health Care System Baltimore, MD EVALUATION FACTORS: Volume I - Technical Capability The offeror shall provide technical information and specifications regarding the proposed endoscope reprocessors replacement and installation described in the Statement of Work with technical information required to include the following: · Provide equipment specifications and cut sheets · Explain how the proposed equipment connectivity software interfaces with Censitrak instrument tracking system, to include interfaced information and equipment required, server hardware, etc. Volume II Quality of Proposed Solution and Delivery Terms The offeror should provide a complete package with how the proposed equipment will fit into the existing Sterile Processing space. The offeror should clearly articulate the estimated scope and timeline for equipment delivery and installation for all equipment with technical information required to include the following: · Microsoft Project or equivalent project timeline, to include estimated equipment lead times · Detailed scope of work for the installation of the equipment to include what is provided by the offeror and what is the responsibility of the VA Maryland Health Care System · Provide CAD Drawings or equivalent of the equipment placement in the SPS area Volume III Maintenance Availability The offeror should provide information pertaining to their service costs and capabilities for supporting the endoscope reprocessors with technical information required to include the following: · Number of parts depots in the service area and number of service technicians covering the service area · Provide information on contracted time to arrive on-site for repair and average time to repair · Provide information around parts availability and backordered part information Volume IV Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in the solicitation. This will be used to determine selection should all other factors be considered equal. Volume V Past Performance The offeror shall submit three (3) past performance references that are recent and relevant which focuses on experience within the last five (5) years in the hospital settings that are comparable in size as VA Capitol Health Care Network (VISN 5). References shall include the contract number for the project, a brief description, and a point of contact to include an email address. The information shall be provided in 5 pages or less. Past Performance- Acceptable or Unacceptable Rating The Government shall make an objective assessment of the Offeror's current/past performance. It will conduct a performance acceptable assessment based on aspects of offeror's past performance that are recent and relevant, which focuses on experience within the last 5 years in hospital settings that are comparable in size to VA Capitol Health Care Network (VISN 5) or larger ones which contain Operating Rooms, PACUs and other critical care areas. They must be relevant, similar in complexity, and magnitude requirements of solicitation. Performances that are not recent, relevant, similar in complexity or magnitude will be evaluated with unacceptable performance in this area. Volume VI OEM Authorized Distributor Letter from the Manufacturer. Must provide original equipment manufacturer (OEM) Authorization/distributor Letter from the manufacturer is required for all quotes, if no OEM letter is supplied the vendor will be considered non-responsive and the vendor will be dis-qualified at the time RFI will close. Volume VII Trade Agreement Certificate FAR 52.225-6 Must Complete the Trade Agreement Certificate FAR 52.225-6. If there is no Trade Agreement certificate, the vendor will be considered non-responsive, and the vendor will be disqualified at the time RFI will close. Volume VIII Evaluate Offers IAW The polices & procedures of FAR part 25 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). The Government will evaluate offers IAW the policies & procedures of part 25 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). LINE - ITEM DESCRIPTION REPLACEMENT OF ENDOSCOPE REPROCESSOR SYSTEM & INSTALLATION BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW B.1 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ ADV SU RAP PA 110V NO AIR "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): ADV1008 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: ADV1008 0002

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ Deinstall Advantage Plus "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): SE2000121 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: SE2000121 0003

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ Install, Advantage Plus Business Day "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): INS1004 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: INS1004 0004

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ Diposal of AER "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): SE2000900071 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: SE2000900071 0005

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ Enspire 3000 Series Cleaning and Liquid Chemical Sterilant Processing System, 120V, 60Hz (United States) "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): ENLCS3000120601 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: ENLCS3000120601 0006

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ Install Enspire 3000 "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): SE014702 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: SE014702 0007

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1St Year Preventive Care Enspire 3000 "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): SE0147010045 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: SE0147010045 GRAND TOTAL __________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mohsin Abbas
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov.

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: DETAILS: REPLACEMENT OF ENDOSCOPE REPROCESSOR SYSTEM & INSTALLATION FOR BALTIMORE VAMC BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW SEE DETAILS IN THE SOW. * OEM DISTRIBUTOR/AUTHORIZATION LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED FOR ALL RESPONSES, IF NO OEM LETTER IS SUPPLIED THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & THE VENDOR WILL BE DIS-QUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. * MUST COMPLETE THE TRADE AGREEMENT CERTIFICATE - FAR 52.225-6*. * IF THE VENDOR DON T PROVIDE THE ANSWERS FOR ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (1-14). ** THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & VENDOR WILL BE DISQUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. This is a requirement for: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA Medical Center (VAMC). DESCRIPTION: The Baltimore VA VAMC requires the contractor to deliver within 90 days from contract award to the VA medical facility warehouse below during normal business hours from 8:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. (EST), Monday through Friday: Delivery to: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Baltimore VA Medical Center WAREHOUSE/ATTN: 10 North Greene Street Baltimore, MD 21201. DISCLAIMER: This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. Note: The contractor shall deliver the required commodities (Please see attachments) no later than 90 days or less from the date of the award, otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Commodities shall not be delivered to the Government site on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the CO. Delivery shall be made between the hours of 8:00 am and 3:30 pm at the delivery location, during normal workday business hours. The U.S. Government is Performing Market Research to identify responsible sources who have the skills, experience, and knowledge required to successfully meet the requirements. Information received from Market Research will determine the best acquisition strategy and if responsible sources exist for competition, and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. This is only for Market Research but may result in an invitation to an open discussion with the U.S. Government. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the U.S. Government. Any information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. Propriety information or trade secrets should be clearly marked. The information received will not be returned. The U.S. Government reserves the right to reject, in whole or in part, any private sector input as a result of this Sources Sought notice/market survey. The U.S. Government is not obligated to notify respondents of the results of this notice. All responses to this Sources Sought must be submitted to the point of contact listed herein. This does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that procurement will be accomplished and is not a request for proposal or invitation for bid. Responding to this notice in no manner guarantees a contract will be awarded. ** MUST ANSWER ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (FROM 1 TO 14) TO QUALIFY FOR THIS SOLICITATION ** **Respondents to this source sought announcement capable of manufacturing these items should at a minimum provide the following information for U.S. Government review** Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer or distributor of the items being referenced above? Must provide the Manufacture Name (OEM) & Manufacturer Part (MPN). Must complete the Trade Agreement Certificate. FAR 52.225-6. If you are not a manufacturer. The company shall provide an OEM authorized distributor or reseller letter from original equipment manufacturers (OEM) to qualify for this requirement. If no OEM letter will be provided. The vendor will be considered nonresponsive, and the vendor will be disqualified at the time source sought notice (RFI) will close. Does all the items are on FSS/GSA. If the answer is yes. Please provide the FSS/GSA Contract Number and special item number (SIN) & OEM Letter from the Manufacturer that you are authorized to sell this product. Does all the items are on NAC/SAC or SEWP V. Please provide the contract number. Please provide general pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. Legal Business/Company Name (as it is indicated in https://sam.gov ). Unique Entity ID UEI (SAM). Warranty Information (Can be a separate attachment). Point of Contact Name, Telephone number and email address. Must provide the estimated delivery time frame after award. For example: Within 60 days ARO, Within 90 days ARO. The Government intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract for this purchase. To be considered for award, prospective quoters must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) website and complete representations and certifications at https://www.sam.gov . Prospective awardees MUST be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at http://www.sam.gov. PRIOR TO AWARD and through final payment and must complete the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) at http://www.sam.gov prior to award and through final payment. CONTRACT WILL NOT BE AWARDED UNTIL SAM REGISTRATION HAS BEEN COMPLETED. SDVOSB and VOSB socio-economic categories MUST be verified in the SBA Website, U.S. Small Business Administration: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov, at the time of receipt of quotes and at the time of award. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov. No Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Friday, April 17, 2026, by 3:00 PM (EST). Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be utilized by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After reviewing the responses to this Sources Sought notice, a solicitation announcement may or may not be published in SAM.GOV/Open Market or GSA eBuy. STATEMENT OF WORK REPLACEMENT OF ENDOSCOPE REPROCESSORS SYSTEM VA MARYLAND HEALTH CARE SYSTEM BALTIMORE, MD PURPOSE: The overall purpose of this requirement is to procure replacement of three (3) reprocessors and one (1) new endoscope sterilizers to be deployed in the Sterile Processing Service (SPS) at the VA Maryland Health Care System (VAMHCS), Baltimore, MD location. This requirement will account for the procurement of three endoscope reprocessors and one new endoscope sterilizer, the necessary accessories, training, extended installation, and system validation. SCOPE: The contractor shall deliver and install the systems with all specified salient characteristics. Only new equipment will be accepted. The contractor shall provide shipping, transport, installation, and all equipment necessary to meet the requirements and capabilities listed within the scope. The contractor shall deliver the endoscope reprocessors and sterilizer to the rooms of choice at the Baltimore VA medical center. The assembly and validation of the system must be performed by a representative who has been service trained by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM). The contractor is responsible for identifying any missing parts or components not included in the order for the specified equipment to be successfully installed and validated to their full potential. The contractor shall include accessories and consumables in the quotes. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Endoscope reprocessors must have: Monitor to run software and monitor progress of reprocessing cycle Foot switch for hands-free opening and closing Easy access control panel External dimension of ultrasonic washers must be less than or equal to 49 W x 32 D x 69 H Must have minimum net usable chamber dimensions of 32 W x 15 L x 16 D Easily accessible chemical drawers for maintenance Compatibility with barcode scanner Compatibility with CensiTrac Ability to reprocess 2 endoscopes at once Endoscope sterilizer must have: Touchscreen operating panel Hands free opening and closing of the machine Barcode scanner compatibility External dimension of ultrasonic washers must be equal to or cannot exceed 23 W x 35 D x 68 H Compatible with CensiTrac REMOVAL AND INSTALLATION: The contractor will perform installation as the VAMHCS deems fit through discussions with Biomedical Engineering and Sterile Processing. Contractor will provide removal of the existing endoscope reprocessors that are currently in use in Baltimore VA s Sterile Processing Department. These devices are as follows, three (3) Medivators Advantage Plus ADV-1007. Size Dimensions for the devices are as follows: Advantage Plus ADV-1007: 49 x 32" x 69" (W x D x H). The contractor will disconnect all water lines and utilities and remove the devices and any accessories from the space and from the facility to dispose of them. Contractors will need to coordinate with Biomedical Engineering and Infection Control staff to establish removal and installation plans, in accordance with local guidelines. The contractor will be responsible for all labor and materials to relocate plumbing connections as necessary to connect to new equipment. Contractors will use existing drains and will cap off any unused lines. Contractor will be responsible for providing all labor and materials necessary for reconnecting the DI/RO water, hot and cold water and compressed air to all equipment. Contractors will provide necessary labor and material to disconnect and reconnect power to the 3 endoscope reprocessors. DELIVERY The contractor shall deliver equipment and any necessary accessories to the Baltimore VA Warehouse as required in the quantities specified. Any delivery must be coordinated with the COR prior to shipping. The contract must give the COR a minimum of 3 weeks notice prior to shipping. Delivered materials will arrive in the manufacturer s original sealed containers with the associated purchase order number listed on the outside of the box. The contractor shall remove all related shipping debris and packing from the VAMHCS facilities. Delivery address will be: Baltimore VA Medical Center 10 North Greene St. Baltimore, MD 21201 ATTN: Biomedical Engineering SITE CONDITIONS There shall be no smoking on hospital property at any time. Contractor personnel on-site may be required to wear masks to protect against the spread of COVID-19 at any time in accordance with local health guidelines. Due to the sensitive location of the equipment install, personnel on-site may be required to don and doff disposable protective clothing upon entering and exiting the space. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE The contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with the COR upon delivery of equipment. The contractor shall provide the VA COR with a list of missing and/or damaged items found upon inspection and have those items replaced at no cost to the Government. The COR shall ensure all work is completed satisfactorily prior to acceptance. Disputes shall be resolved by the VA Contracting Officer. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Delivery is expected within 90 days ARO. OPERATOR TRAINING Onsite education and training by a vendor service trained representative will be provided to VAMHCS clinical staff, Facilities and Engineering staff, and the Biomedical Engineering staff. The scheduling of operator training shall be coordinated with the COR after delivery and installation. PROTECTION OF PROPERTY The contractor shall protect all items from damage. The contractor shall take precautions against damage to the building(s), grounds and furnishings. The contractor shall repair or replace any items related to building(s) or grounds damaged accidentally or on purpose due to actions by the Contractor. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS The contractor must have a photo ID available when performing work at the VA Medical Center and be willing to present it to VA staff. The contractor is responsible for providing any personal protective equipment (PPE) that is deemed necessary to complete tasks stated in this requirement. The contractor must follow the VA Maryland Health Care Systems current COVID-19 guidance for entry to any medical center or Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC). WARRANTY At a minimum the cart washer and washer-disinfectors and accessories must include a 1-year warranty on all parts and labor at no cost to the Government. Additional years are highly recommended as added value to the government. The warranty shall begin upon completion of validation testing. Warranty shall include onsite repairs and over-the-phone support. Contractor shall provide routine maintenance service program during warranty period. All repairs shall be performed by a vendor or contractor which has been certified by the vendor to perform the repairs. The warranty shall include all travel and shipping costs associated with any warranty repair. CONTRACT TYPE. Firm-Fixed Priced Contract Evaluation Factors Replacement of Endoscope Reprocessor System and Installation VA Maryland Health Care System Baltimore, MD EVALUATION FACTORS: Volume I - Technical Capability The offeror shall provide technical information and specifications regarding the proposed endoscope reprocessors replacement and installation described in the Statement of Work with technical information required to include the following: · Provide equipment specifications and cut sheets · Explain how the proposed equipment connectivity software interfaces with Censitrak instrument tracking system, to include interfaced information and equipment required, server hardware, etc. Volume II Quality of Proposed Solution and Delivery Terms The offeror should provide a complete package with how the proposed equipment will fit into the existing Sterile Processing space. The offeror should clearly articulate the estimated scope and timeline for equipment delivery and installation for all equipment with technical information required to include the following: · Microsoft Project or equivalent project timeline, to include estimated equipment lead times · Detailed scope of work for the installation of the equipment to include what is provided by the offeror and what is the responsibility of the VA Maryland Health Care System · Provide CAD Drawings or equivalent of the equipment placement in the SPS area Volume III Maintenance Availability The offeror should provide information pertaining to their service costs and capabilities for supporting the endoscope reprocessors with technical information required to include the following: · Number of parts depots in the service area and number of service technicians covering the service area · Provide information on contracted time to arrive on-site for repair and average time to repair · Provide information around parts availability and backordered part information Volume IV Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in the solicitation. This will be used to determine selection should all other factors be considered equal. Volume V Past Performance The offeror shall submit three (3) past performance references that are recent and relevant which focuses on experience within the last five (5) years in the hospital settings that are comparable in size as VA Capitol Health Care Network (VISN 5). References shall include the contract number for the project, a brief description, and a point of contact to include an email address. The information shall be provided in 5 pages or less. Past Performance- Acceptable or Unacceptable Rating The Government shall make an objective assessment of the Offeror"s current/past performance. It will conduct a performance acceptable assessment based on aspects of offeror"s past performance that are recent and relevant, which focuses on experience within the last 5 years in hospital settings that are comparable in size to VA Capitol Health Care Network (VISN 5) or larger ones which contain Operating Rooms, PACUs and other critical care areas. They must be relevant, similar in complexity, and magnitude requirements of solicitation. Performances that are not recent, relevant, similar in complexity or magnitude will be evaluated with unacceptable performance in this area. Volume VI OEM Authorized Distributor Letter from the Manufacturer. Must provide original equipment manufacturer (OEM) Authorization/distributor Letter from the manufacturer is required for all quotes, if no OEM letter is supplied the vendor will be considered non-responsive and the vendor will be dis-qualified at the time RFI will close. Volume VII Trade Agreement Certificate FAR 52.225-6 Must Complete the Trade Agreement Certificate FAR 52.225-6. If there is no Trade Agreement certificate, the vendor will be considered non-responsive, and the vendor will be disqualified at the time RFI will close. Volume VIII Evaluate Offers IAW The polices & procedures of FAR part 25 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). The Government will evaluate offers IAW the policies & procedures of part 25 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). LINE - ITEM DESCRIPTION REPLACEMENT OF ENDOSCOPE REPROCESSOR SYSTEM & INSTALLATION BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO MEDIVATOR IAW SOW B.1 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9a2f28d8e11142f6a77f105cfa901ee4/view)