---
layout: default
title: Medium Unmanned Surface Vessel (MUSV) Family of Systems (FoS) program- Request for Prototype Proposal
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 637051a64c9d4bec975798779ab3129b
---

# Medium Unmanned Surface Vessel (MUSV) Family of Systems (FoS) program- Request for Prototype Proposal

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 19:38:14.329-04
- Solicitation Number: N00024-26-R-6326

## Summary

UPDATE 3 (4/9/2026): The purpose of this notice is to update "Attachment J-1 MUSV SoW_rev_1" to correct clerical error. UPDATE 2 (4/9/2026): The purpose of this notice is to upload Government responses to questions submitted by Industry and to update the following attachments: 26March2026 Solicitation Guidance_rev_1 Attachment J-1 MUSV SoW Attachment J-5 MUSV Test Plan Attachment J-7 Cost Estimate Table Template UPDATE 1 (4/1/2026): The purpose of this notice is to update attachment “26March2026 Solicitation Guidance” section 3.1.4. and add “Attachment L-1 Offeror’s Question Submittal Form”. The updated Solicitation Guidance reads as follows: “The Government is providing an opportunity for Industry to submit questions from 1 April 2026 to 4 April 2026 at 5:00p.m. Local Time (Washington, District of Columbia) under this solicitation. Please submit questions electronically to Cassandra Brese (cassandra.j.brese.civ@us.navy.mil) and Kevin Hubbard (kevin.a.hubbard.civ@us.navy.mil). The subject of the email shall read “MUSV N00024-26-R-6326 Question- [COMPANY NAME]” This is a Portfolio Acquisition Executive for Robotic and Autonomous Systems (PAE RAS) requirement. The Navy is pleased to announce the Medium Unmanned Surface Vessel (MUSV) Family of Systems (FoS) program. MUSV uses modular design principles to create adaptable and resilient solutions that can effectively counter evolving threats. We invite interested parties with expertise in innovative solutions to complex problems, vessel construction, autonomy, perception systems, and general maritime experience to participate in this exciting opportunity. To accelerate the design, development and demonstration of MUSV capabilities, the Navy will be utilizing the Other Transaction Authority pathway as outlined in Title 10 U.S.C. § 4022. It is intended that this solicitation will result in the award(s) of prototype project(s), which may include commercially available technologies fueled by commercial or strategic investment that can incrementally improve commercial technologies, existing Government-owned capabilities, or concepts for defense application. The initial effort, as solicited in this notice, will focus on offerors who can perform and successfully complete an MUSV autonomy and vessel performance test. The Solicitation Guidance provides information on how to respond to this solicitation and the guidelines for proposals. The following attachments to this notice are included below: J-1 MUSV SOW J-4 Payload Space Weight Power Cooling and Interfaces J-5 MUSV Test Plan J-6 Data Assertions List J-7 Cost Estimate Table J-8 Placemat Table All proposals shall be submitted electronically via email and must be received no later than 17 April 2026, at 12:00p.m. Local Time (Washington, District of Columbia) to the following addresses: TO: Ms. Cassandra Brese – cassandra.j.brese.civ@us.navy.mil and Mr. Kevin Hubbard- kevin.a.hubbard.civ@us.navy.mil SUBJECT LINE: MUSV N00024-26-R-6326 Response [COMPANY NAME] Companies are encouraged to submit proposals prior to the latest closing date. Inclusion of a delivery receipt with an email submission will be the only indication of successful receipt of proposal. File size is limited to 10MB per email. Companies are responsible for ensuring their email size does not exceed the 10MB limitation. File sizes larger than 10MB and .zip file extensions may be stripped by the Navy email system. Links to online share drives such as google drive, dropbox, etc. will not be accepted. One email is acceptable as long as it does not exceed 10MB. If it exceeds 10MB, companies may separate their submission among multiple emails and should number them (e.g., 1 of 3, 2 of 3, 3 of 3). NOTE: HARD COPIES OF MAILED OR HAND DELIVERED WHITE PAPERS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. Submissions sent through other channels or after the deadline will not be reviewed nor evaluated.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cassandra Brese
  - Email: cassandra.j.brese.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kevin Hubbard
  - Email: kevin.a.hubbard.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -1 MUSV SoW_rev_1" to correct clerical error. UPDATE 2 (4/9/2026): The purpose of this notice is to upload Government responses to questions submitted by Industry and to update the following attachments: 26March2026 Solicitation Guidance_rev_1 Attachment J-1 MUSV SoW Attachment J-5 MUSV Test Plan Attachment J-7 Cost Estimate Table Template UPDATE 1 (4/1/2026): The purpose of this notice is to update attachment “26March2026 Solicitation Guidance” section 3.1.4. and add “Attachment L-1 Offeror’s Question Submittal Form”. The updated Solicitation Guidance reads as follows: “The Government is providing an opportunity for Industry to submit questions from 1 April 2026 to 4 April 2026 at 5:00p.m. Local Time (Washington, District of Columbia) under this solicitation. Please submit questions electronically to Cassandra Brese (cassandra.j.brese.civ@us.navy.mil) and Kevin Hubbard (kevin.a.hubbard.civ@us.navy.mil). The subject of the email shall read “MUSV N00024-26-R-6326 Question- [COMPANY NAME]” This is a Portfolio Acquisition Executive for Robotic and Autonomous Systems (PAE RAS) requirement. The Navy is pleased to announce the Medium Unmanned Surface Vessel (MUSV) Family of Systems (FoS) program. MUSV uses modular design principles to create adaptable and resilient solutions that can effectively counter evolving threats. We invite interested parties with expertise in innovative solutions to complex problems, vessel construction, autonomy, perception systems, and general maritime experience to participate in this exciting opportunity. To accelerate the design, development and demonstration of MUSV capabilities, the Navy will be utilizing the Other Transaction Authority pathway as outlined in Title 10 U.S.C. § 4022. It is intended that this solicitation will result in the award(s) of prototype project(s), which may include commercially available technologies fueled by commercial or strategic investment that can incrementally improve commercial technologies, existing Government-owned capabilities, or concepts for defense application. The initial effort, as solicited in this notice, will focus on offerors who can perform and successfully complete an MUSV autonomy and vessel performance test. The Solicitation Guidance provides information on how to respond to this solicitation and the guidelines for proposals. The following attachments to this notice are included below: J-1 MUSV SOW J-4 Payload Space Weight Power Cooling and Interfaces J-5 MUSV Test Plan J-6 Data Assertions List J-7 Cost Estimate Table J-8 Placemat Table All proposals shall be submitted electronically via email and must be received no later than 17 April 2026, at 12:00p.m. Local Time (Washington, District of Columbia) to the following addresses: TO: Ms. Cassandra Brese – cassandra.j.brese.civ@us.navy.mil and Mr. Kevin Hubbard- kevin.a.hubbard.civ@us.navy.mil SUBJECT LINE: MUSV N00024-26-R-6326 Response [COMPANY NAME] Companies are encouraged to submit proposals prior to the latest closing date. Inclusion of a delivery receipt with an email submission will be the only indication of successful receipt of proposal. File size is limited to 10MB per email. Companies are responsible for ensuring their email size does not exceed the 10MB limitation. File sizes larger than 10MB and .zip file extensions may be stripped by the Navy email system. Links to online share drives such as google drive, dropbox, etc. will not be accepted. One email is acceptable as long as it does not exceed 10MB. If it exceeds 10MB, companies may separate their submission among multiple emails and should number them (e.g., 1 of 3, 2 of 3, 3 of 3). NOTE: HARD COPIES OF MAILED OR HAND DELIVERED WHITE PAPERS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. Submissions sent through other channels or after the deadline will not be reviewed nor evaluated

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/637051a64c9d4bec975798779ab3129b/view)