---
layout: default
title: Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V)
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 820c243f065e4f9d92058ca7acd488ad
---

# Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V)

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 14:06:58.647-04
- Solicitation Number: 80JSC026CAMSV

## Summary

Modification 2 - March 11, 2026 This is modification 2 to the Industry Day Notice for Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V) and 80JSC026CAMSV which was posted on March 5, 2026. Please note that the following changes are made: Industry Day charts are provided as an attachment to this modification and will be added to the CAMS V website listed below. Please continue to monitor this sam.gov posting for updates on the release of any documents, as well as the CAMS V website at https://www.nasa.gov/jsc/procurement/CAMSV. ________________________________________________________________________ Modification 1 - March 5, 2026 This is modification 1 to the synopsis entitled Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V) and 80JSC026CAMSV which was posted on February 5, 2026. You are notified that the following changes are made: Industry Day Announcement. To facilitate open communications with industry, NASA Johnson Space Center (JSC) plans to conduct an Industry Day for entitled Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V). The presentation for Industry Day will be held via Microsoft Teams on Thursday, March 12, 2026, from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM Central Standard Time (CST). The Government will also provide one-on-one communication opportunities on Thursday, March 12, 2026, which will be scheduled between 11:30 AM and 5:00 PM Central Time. One-on-one meetings will be conducted via Microsoft Teams and will not exceed 20 minutes. Participation is limited to four (4) individuals from each company/team. Please RSVP for both the Industry Day event and the one-on-on event by Tuesday, March 10, 2026, 4:00 PM Central Time by sending an email to the following address: jsc-CAMSV@mail.nasa.gov. The RSVP email must include the following: Company name, address, main point of contact information, and SAM Unique Entity ID If planning a one-on-one meeting, please provide names and position descriptions of the four attendees, as well as contact information Indication of your company’s wish to be added to the Interested Parties list, which will be publicly available after Industry Day on the CAMS V website. Please email any questions regarding this posting to jsc-CAMSV@mail.nasa.gov. For any questions submitted at Industry Day, the Government will officially respond to all questions by posting responses to SAM.gov and the CAMS V website after Industry Day. Note: Questions pertaining to the Industry Day content will be accepted via email through COB Monday, March 16, 2026. One-on-one Meetings To facilitate interactive communications with industry, JSC personnel will also be available for meetings with individual companies in conjunction with Industry Day. The meetings are intended to be Questions and Answers (Q&A) sessions in which neither side will make a formal presentation. To request a one-on-one meeting, please indicate so as part of your RSVP to the email address above, and please indicate your requested meeting time. The following topics may be discussed at the one-on-one meetings: The general purpose of the announced procurement; Any information about the CAMS V acquisition that NASA has already made accessible to the public or is otherwise being made available to all potential offerors; Historical information about the general nature or scope of prior contracts whose requirements will be addressed in whole or in part under a follow-on procurement; Information that describes the federal procurement process as defined by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), NASA FAR Supplement (NFS), or other published procurement policy documents; and Procurement specific information already published such as information contained in the acquisition forecast, Statement of Work (SOW), and sources sought synopsis. Questions regarding the subjects below will not be discussed: Proprietary or confidential business information of incumbent contractor(s) or other business entities; Privacy Act protected information such as, incumbent contractor employees’ personal data; Trade Secrets Act protected information; Speculation on what the Government might be looking for in proposals; Different technical and management approaches; Technical Efficiencies; Any particular Government Emphasis; and Incumbent’s performance. A confirmation email will be sent to acknowledge your reservation(s) and provide further instructions. No recordings of any kind are permitted of the Industry Day presentation or one-on-one sessions. NASA anticipates releasing the Industry Day charts prior to Industry Day. Please continue to monitor this SAM.gov posting for updates on the release of any documents, as well as the CAMS V website at https://www.nasa.gov/johnson/jsc-procurement/cams-v/. It is the potential offeror’s responsibility to monitor the websites for release of any information regarding this acquisition. _________________________________________________________________________ Background: The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center (JSC) Safety & Mission Assurance (S&MA) Directorate is hereby requesting information from potential sources for the Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V) solicitation. JSC is issuing this Sources Sought Synopsis/Request For Information (RFI) as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support this requirement. This acquisition will be a follow-on procurement to the current NASA CAMS IV, contract number 80JSC021DA016. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the type and method of procurement. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is 541380, Testing Laboratories and Services; under this NAICS code the small business size standard is $19 million. NASA JSC is seeking capability statements from all interested parties, including all socioeconomic categories of Small Businesses and Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU)/Minority Institutions (MI), for the purposes of determining the appropriate level of competition and/or small business subcontracting goals for the CAMS V solicitation. The Government reserves the right to consider a Small, 8(a), Women-owned (WOSB), Service Disabled Veteran (SD-VOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Women-owned Small Business (EDWOSB) or HUBZone business set-aside based on responses received. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and there is no solicitation at this time. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals and submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary. The government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred and the respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. If a solicitation is released it will be synopsized in SAM.gov. Interested firms are responsible for monitoring this website and https://www.nasa.gov/jsc/procurement/CAMSV for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. CAMS V Description: It is anticipated that CAMS V will be a Single-Award, 100% Indefinite-Delivery, Indefinite-Quantity Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract. Requirements will be issued as FFP task orders as determined appropriate throughout the life of the contract. For your reference, the current CAMS V Statement of Work is attached to this posting. A summary of content for the proposed CAMS V contract includes, but is not limited to, the following: The contractor shall operate and maintain JSC’s Metrology Standards and Calibration Laboratory (MSCL) located in Building 343 at JSC. The NASA JSC in Houston, TX currently has an existing Metrology Standards and Calibration Laboratory (MSCL) located in Building 343. The MSCL provides calibration operations for Measurement and Test Equipment (MTE) primarily for JSC Organizations. The MSCL also supports calibrations for other NASA centers and Federal Government Agencies. Most MTE are commercial off-the shelf used to measure physical, mechanical, and electrical properties such as torque wrenches, pressure transducers and voltmeters. CAMS V requirements may include, but are not limited to, services such as: Contract Management and Administration; Documentation and Records Management; MSCL Equipment and Facilities; Information Technology (IT); Logistics; Safety, Health, and Environmental Standards; Safety and Health Quality Assurance and Reliability Environmental and Energy Conservation Requirements Technical Requirements; Calibration Software Tools and Calibration Data Management Calibration Turn-around Time and Commit Dates Technical Representation Metrology Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Requirements The pertinent contract information for the current contract is as follows: Current Contractor: Rohmann Services, Inc.; Contract Number 80JSC021DA016; Estimated Contract Value: Approximately $15 million; Contract Expiration Date: August 31, 2026. Capability Statement: Interested firms having the required capabilities necessary to meet the above requirement should indicate the ability to perform all aspects of the effort, and include the following information: Describe your company's overall skills, experience, and capabilities to perform the work of the draft CAMS V SOW. Please identify specific draft CAMS V SOW sections where your company could provide the stated capability by way of Attachment 1 - Vendor Capability Matrix at the end of this announcement. The Vendor Capability Matrix will be included within the page limitation. If subcontracting or joint venture is anticipated to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the anticipated administrative and management structure of such arrangements (if this information is known at this time). Also address what elements of work would be performed by the prime or joint venture and which elements would be performed by subcontractors; Company-Specific Information - responses must include the following: Name and address of firm Point of Contact information (include DUNS number, address, phone, and email). Size of business. Average annual revenue for past three years. Number of employees. Whether the firm is a Large, SB, SDB, HUBZone, WOSB, VOSB, SDVOSB, HBCU/MI, and/or 8a. Number of years in business. Affiliate information: parent company, joint venture partners, and potential teaming partners. If you plan to propose as a prime or as a subcontractor. A list of contracts covering the past three years with emphasis on work performed for the United States Federal Government. Please provide contract numbers, if your firm was a prime or subcontractor, contract type, dollar value of each procurement, and customer point of contact (address, phone, and email). If work was performed as a subcontractor, please indicate percentage of work/subcontract dollar value. If the contract(s) were IDIQ, please indicate the number of task orders awarded and the total dollar value of those task orders. In addition to the information requested above, interested parties may also provide optional comments on this potential acquisition regarding proposed contract type, incentive arrangements, evaluation criteria, or performance metrics. Specifically, interested parties are requested to address the following items: What innovations might you propose in the performance of this contract or contract structure? If the Government issues a Request for Proposal (RFP), the government reserves the right to restrict the procurement to small businesses. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, is applicable. The Center Ombudsman for this acquisition can be found at https://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/procurement/regs/Procurement-Ombuds-Comp-Advocate-Listing.pdf Organizational Conflicts of Interest (OCI): In addition to the information requested above, NASA is requesting information from industry regarding potential OCI arising from the CAMS V acquisition. The nature of the work anticipated under CAMS V contract may create the potential for OCI as currently described in FAR Subpart 9.5. Each interested party should review FAR Subpart 9.5 in light of NASA’s anticipation of OCI issues and consider carefully the extent to which an OCI may arise before making the decision to compete for CAMS V. A link to the NASA’s Guide on Organizational Conflicts of Interest is below: https://www.nasa.gov/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/nasa-organizational-conflicts-of-interest.pdf Please reference this document for additional information about NASA’s policies with respect to OCI issues. Interested parties are requested to address the following questions: What type(s) of OCI issues would your company or potential team identify, if any, should you choose to propose on the CAMS V contract? What strategies would you anticipate proposing to mitigate the OCI issues that you identified (if any)? Please provide strategy details, previous examples/experience with other contracts with NASA or other agencies, etc. Are there any other types of potential OCI issues with the proposed CAMS V contract that were not identified in this RFI? Does your company foresee any OCI issues associated with the CAMS V that would cause you to decide not to propose on the potential CAMS V RFP? If so, please explain. NASA will review any responses received regarding potential OCI and each offeror’s proposed OCI mitigation strategy. NASA will respond to each company who submits an OCI mitigation strategy. NASA’s response will simply be an attempt to examine circumstances which might lead to or eliminate an OCI and is not intended to serve as a confirmation that, in fact, all potential OCI issues have been identified, that an OCI will ultimately exist, or that an interested party is capable of successfully eliminating or mitigating an identified OCI. NASA’s response is also not intended to encourage or discourage any interested party from responding to an RFP issued for CAMS V in the future. Furthermore, NASA’s response in no way alters or interprets FAR 9.5 as it applies to a final statement of work or a final proposal submission, should an interested party elect to submit a proposal to an RFP for CAMS V. Subsequent to the initial OCI submission and NASA’s response, the Government will not consider further information as it relates to this RFI. The Contractor will still be required to comply with the RFP OCI requirements and its submission will be considered in accordance with the RFP. The documents on the NASA procurement website are for information and planning purposes, to allow industry the opportunity to comment, and to promote competition only. NASA will not affirmatively release any information received in response to this RFI to the public but may use information received in developing the best approach for a contract strategy, and therefore such information may be recognizable to the interested party who submitted it. Submission Instructions: Interested firms having the required capabilities necessary to meet the above requirement described herein should submit a capability statement of no more than twenty pages, using no less than 12-point Times New Roman font indicating the ability to perform all aspects of the effort. A firm's response to this RFI shall not exceed twenty pages.?? No solicitation exists; therefore, please do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on SAM.gov and on the CAMS V website. Interested firms are responsible for monitoring this website for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or to award a contract, nor will the Government pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. Respondents deemed fully qualified will be considered in any resultant solicitation for the requirement. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e) responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by NASA to form a binding contract. Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform one or more elements of the Statement of Work are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice/RFI by?5:00 p.m. CST on?February 19, 2026. All responses and questions related to this Sources Sought Notice/RFI must be emailed to?jsc-CAMSV@mail.nasa.gov An Interested Vendors List is enabled within this posting. This list is available to other vendors to allow potential offerors the opportunity to network Parties that would like their information posted to the Interested Vendors List shall use the “Add Me to Interested Vendors” button. If a vendor would like to be removed from the Interested Vendors List, use the “Remove Me from Interested Vendors” button. It is the potential offeror’s responsibility to monitor this site for the release of any solicitation or synopsis.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Gregory
  - Email: jsc-CAMSV@mail.nasa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Marcelino LaBrake
  - Email: jsc-CAMSV@mail.nasa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this modification and will be added to the CAMS V website listed below. Please continue to monitor this sam.gov posting for updates on the release of any documents, as well as the CAMS V website at https://www.nasa.gov/jsc/procurement/CAMSV. ________________________________________________________________________ Modification 1 - March 5, 2026 This is modification 1 to the synopsis entitled Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V) and 80JSC026CAMSV which was posted on February 5, 2026. You are notified that the following changes are made: Industry Day Announcement. To facilitate open communications with industry, NASA Johnson Space Center (JSC) plans to conduct an Industry Day for entitled Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V). The presentation for Industry Day will be held via Microsoft Teams on Thursday, March 12, 2026, from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM Central Standard Time (CST). The Government will also provide one-on-one communication opportunities on Thursday, March 12, 2026, which will be scheduled between 11:30 AM and 5:00 PM Central Time. One-on-one meetings will be conducted via Microsoft Teams and will not exceed 20 minutes. Participation is limited to four (4) individuals from each company/team. Please RSVP for both the Industry Day event and the one-on-on event by Tuesday, March 10, 2026, 4:00 PM Central Time by sending an email to the following address: jsc-CAMSV@mail.nasa.gov. The RSVP email must include the following: Company name, address, main point of contact information, and SAM Unique Entity ID If planning a one-on-one meeting, please provide names and position descriptions of the four attendees, as well as contact information Indication of your company’s wish to be added to the Interested Parties list, which will be publicly available after Industry Day on the CAMS V website. Please email any questions regarding this posting to jsc-CAMSV@mail.nasa.gov. For any questions submitted at Industry Day, the Government will officially respond to all questions by posting responses to SAM.gov and the CAMS V website after Industry Day. Note: Questions pertaining to the Industry Day content will be accepted via email through COB Monday, March 16, 2026. One-on-one Meetings To facilitate interactive communications with industry, JSC personnel will also be available for meetings with individual companies in conjunction with Industry Day. The meetings are intended to be Questions and Answers (Q&A) sessions in which neither side will make a formal presentation. To request a one-on-one meeting, please indicate so as part of your RSVP to the email address above, and please indicate your requested meeting time. The following topics may be discussed at the one-on-one meetings: The general purpose of the announced procurement; Any information about the CAMS V acquisition that NASA has already made accessible to the public or is otherwise being made available to all potential offerors; Historical information about the general nature or scope of prior contracts whose requirements will be addressed in whole or in part under a follow-on procurement; Information that describes the federal procurement process as defined by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), NASA FAR Supplement (NFS), or other published procurement policy documents; and Procurement specific information already published such as information contained in the acquisition forecast, Statement of Work (SOW), and sources sought synopsis. Questions regarding the subjects below will not be discussed: Proprietary or confidential business information of incumbent contractor(s) or other business entities; Privacy Act protected information such as, incumbent contractor employees’ personal data; Trade Secrets Act protected information; Speculation on what the Government might be looking for in proposals; Different technical and management approaches; Technical Efficiencies; Any particular Government Emphasis; and Incumbent’s performance. A confirmation email will be sent to acknowledge your reservation(s) and provide further instructions. No recordings of any kind are permitted of the Industry Day presentation or one-on-one sessions. NASA anticipates releasing the Industry Day charts prior to Industry Day. Please continue to monitor this SAM.gov posting for updates on the release of any documents, as well as the CAMS V website at https://www.nasa.gov/johnson/jsc-procurement/cams-v/. It is the potential offeror’s responsibility to monitor the websites for release of any information regarding this acquisition. _________________________________________________________________________ Background: The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center (JSC) Safety & Mission Assurance (S&MA) Directorate is hereby requesting information from potential sources for the Calibration and Metrology Services V (CAMS V) solicitation. JSC is issuing this Sources Sought Synopsis/Request For Information (RFI) as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support this requirement. This acquisition will be a follow-on procurement to the current NASA CAMS IV, contract number 80JSC021DA016. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the type and method of procurement. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is 541380, Testing Laboratories and Services; under this NAICS code the small business size standard is $19 million. NASA JSC is seeking capability statements from all interested parties, including all socioeconomic categories of Small Businesses and Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU)/Minority Institutions (MI), for the purposes of determining the appropriate level of competition and/or small business subcontracting goals for the CAMS V solicitation. The Government reserves the right to consider a Small, 8(a), Women-owned (WOSB), Service Disabled Veteran (SD-VOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Women-owned Small Business (EDWOSB) or HUBZone business set-aside based on responses received. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and there is no solicitation at this time. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals and submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary. The government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred and the respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. If a solicitation is released it will be synopsized in SAM.gov. Interested firms are responsible for monitoring this website and https://www.nasa.gov/jsc/procurement/CAMSV for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. CAMS V Description: It is anticipated that CAMS V will be a Single-Award, 100% Indefinite-Delivery, Indefinite-Quantity Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract. Requirements will be issued as FFP task orders as determined appropriate throughout the life of the contract. For your reference, the current CAMS V Statement of Work is attached to this posting. A summary of content for the proposed CAMS V contract includes, but is not limited to, the following: The contractor shall operate and maintain JSC’s Metrology Standards and Calibration Laboratory (MSCL) located in Building 343 at JSC. The NASA JSC in Houston, TX currently has an existing Metrology Standards and Calibration Laboratory (MSCL) located in Building 343. The MSCL provides calibration operations for Measurement and Test Equipment (MTE) primarily for JSC Organizations. The MSCL also supports calibrations for other NASA centers and Federal Government Agencies. Most MTE are commercial off-the shelf used to measure physical, mechanical, and electrical properties such as torque wrenches, pressure transducers and voltmeters. CAMS V requirements may include, but are not limited to, services such as: Contract Management and Administration; Documentation and Records Management; MSCL Equipment and Facilities; Information Technology (IT); Logistics; Safety, Health, and Environmental Standards; Safety and Health Quality Assurance and Reliability Environmental and Energy Conservation Requirements Technical Requirements; Calibration Software Tools and Calibration Data Management Calibration Turn-around Time and Commit Dates Technical Representation Metrology Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Requirements The pertinent contract information for the current contract is as follows: Current Contractor: Rohmann Services, Inc.; Contract Number 80JSC021DA016; Estimated Contract Value: Approximately $15 million; Contract Expiration Date: August 31, 2026. Capability Statement: Interested firms having the required capabilities necessary to meet the above requirement should indicate the ability to perform all aspects of the effort, and include the following information: Describe your company"s overall skills, experience, and capabilities to perform the work of the draft CAMS V SOW. Please identify specific draft CAMS V SOW sections where your company could provide the stated capability by way of Attachment 1 - Vendor Capability Matrix at the end of this announcement. The Vendor Capability Matrix will be included within the page limitation. If subcontracting or joint venture is anticipated to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the anticipated administrative and management structure of such arrangements (if this information is known at this time). Also address what elements of work would be performed by the prime or joint venture and which elements would be performed by subcontractors; Company-Specific Information - responses must include the following: Name and address of firm Point of Contact information (include DUNS number, address, phone, and email). Size of business. Average annual revenue for past three years. Number of employees. Whether the firm is a Large, SB, SDB, HUBZone, WOSB, VOSB, SDVOSB, HBCU/MI, and/or 8a. Number of years in business. Affiliate information: parent company, joint venture partners, and potential teaming partners. If you plan to propose as a prime or as a subcontractor. A list of contracts covering the past three years with emphasis on work performed for the United States Federal Government. Please provide contract numbers, if your firm was a prime or subcontractor, contract type, dollar value of each procurement, and customer point of contact (address, phone, and email). If work was performed as a subcontractor, please indicate percentage of work/subcontract dollar value. If the contract(s) were IDIQ, please indicate the number of task orders awarded and the total dollar value of those task orders. In addition to the information requested above, interested parties may also provide optional comments on this potential acquisition regarding proposed contract type, incentive arrangements, evaluation criteria, or performance metrics. Specifically, interested parties are requested to address the following items: What innovations might you propose in the performance of this contract or contract structure? If the Government issues a Request for Proposal (RFP), the government reserves the right to restrict the procurement to small businesses. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, is applicable. The Center Ombudsman for this acquisition can be found at https://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/procurement/regs/Procurement-Ombuds-Comp-Advocate-Listing.pdf Organizational Conflicts of Interest (OCI): In addition to the information requested above, NASA is requesting information from industry regarding potential OCI arising from the CAMS V acquisition. The nature of the work anticipated under CAMS V contract may create the potential for OCI as currently described in FAR Subpart 9.5. Each interested party should review FAR Subpart 9.5 in light of NASA’s anticipation of OCI issues and consider carefully the extent to which an OCI may arise before making the decision to compete for CAMS V. A link to the NASA’s Guide on Organizational Conflicts of Interest is below: https://www.nasa.gov/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/nasa-organizational-conflicts-of-interest.pdf Please reference this document for additional information about NASA’s policies with respect to OCI issues. Interested parties are requested to address the following questions: What type(s) of OCI issues would your company or potential team identify, if any, should you choose to propose on the CAMS V contract? What strategies would you anticipate proposing to mitigate the OCI issues that you identified (if any)? Please provide strategy details, previous examples/experience with other contracts with NASA or other agencies, etc. Are there any other types of potential OCI issues with the proposed CAMS V contract that were not identified in this RFI? Does your company foresee any OCI issues associated with the CAMS V that would cause you to decide not to propose on the potential CAMS V RFP? If so, please explain. NASA will review any responses received regarding potential OCI and each offeror’s proposed OCI mitigation strategy. NASA will respond to each company who submits an OCI mitigation strategy. NASA’s response will simply be an attempt to examine circumstances which might lead to or eliminate an OCI and is not intended to serve as a confirmation that, in fact, all potential OCI issues have been identified, that an OCI will ultimately exist, or that an interested party is capable of successfully eliminating or mitigating an identified OCI. NASA’s response is also not intended to encourage or discourage any interested party from responding to an RFP issued for CAMS V in the future. Furthermore, NASA’s response in no way alters or interprets FAR 9.5 as it applies to a final statement of work or a final proposal submission, should an interested party elect to submit a proposal to an RFP for CAMS V. Subsequent to the initial OCI submission and NASA’s response, the Government will not consider further information as it relates to this RFI. The Contractor will still be required to comply with the RFP OCI requirements and its submission will be considered in accordance with the RFP. The documents on the NASA procurement website are for information and planning purposes, to allow industry the opportunity to comment, and to promote competition only. NASA will not affirmatively release any information received in response to this RFI to the public but may use information received in developing the best approach for a contract strategy, and therefore such information may be recognizable to the interested party who submitted it. Submission Instructions: Interested firms having the required capabilities necessary to meet the above requirement described herein should submit a capability statement of no more than twenty pages, using no less than 12-point Times New Roman font indicating the ability to perform all aspects of the effort. A firm"s response to this RFI shall not exceed twenty pages.?? No solicitation exists; therefore, please do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on SAM.gov and on the CAMS V website. Interested firms are responsible for monitoring this website for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or to award a contract, nor will the Government pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. Respondents deemed fully qualified will be considered in any resultant solicitation for the requirement. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e) responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by NASA to form a binding contract. Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform one or more elements of the Statement of Work are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice/RFI by?5:00 p.m. CST on?February 19, 2026. All responses and questions related to this Sources Sought Notice/RFI must be emailed to?jsc-CAMSV@mail.nasa.gov An Interested Vendors List is enabled within this posting. This list is available to other vendors to allow potential offerors the opportunity to network Parties that would like their information posted to the Interested Vendors List shall use the “Add Me to Interested Vendors” button. If a vendor would like to be removed from the Interested Vendors List, use the “Remove Me from Interested Vendors” button. It is the potential offeror’s responsibility to monitor this site for the release of any solicitation or synopsis

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/820c243f065e4f9d92058ca7acd488ad/view)