---
layout: default
title: J065--New Zimmer Biomet Rosa Robot Svc Contract Base Plus Four
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 2311f08edfcd4299bc33bcf62660a642
---

# J065--New Zimmer Biomet Rosa Robot Svc Contract Base Plus Four

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 19:33:14.653-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0374
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Amendment 0001 is issued to extend the date and time for the receipt of offers. HOUR & DATE for Receipt of Offers is EXTENDED to: 03-27-2026 1400 PDT Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Services This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 This solicitation is for full and open competition The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811210-Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance, with a small business size standard of $34.0 Million. The FSC/PSC is J065-Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment Medical, Dental, and Veterinary Equipment and Supplies. Network Contracting Office (NCO) 20, at 1601 East 4th Plain Boulevard, Vancouver, WA 98661, is seeking annual maintenance, repair, and software support services for a Zimmer Biomet ROSA Brain Surgical Robot. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Annual Service Plan: 4 Annual Preventative Maintenance Visits; Break/Fix Hardware & Software Repair and Troubleshooting; Regular Software and Maintenance Updates to Application(s); Unlimited Hospital Staff & Super User Training; Unlimited On-Site Surgeon Training; 12 Surgical Procedures Covered by ROSA Service Experts Base period POP: Award date 02/28/2027 1 YR 1001 Annual Service Plan: 4 Annual Preventative Maintenance Visits; Break/Fix Hardware & Software Repair and Troubleshooting; Regular Software and Maintenance Updates to Application(s); Unlimited Hospital Staff & Super User Training; Unlimited On-Site Surgeon Training; 12 Surgical Procedures Covered by ROSA Service Experts Option Year One (1) POP: 03/01/2027 02/29/2028 1 YR 2001 Annual Service Plan: 4 Annual Preventative Maintenance Visits; Break/Fix Hardware & Software Repair and Troubleshooting; Regular Software and Maintenance Updates to Application(s); Unlimited Hospital Staff & Super User Training; Unlimited On-Site Surgeon Training; 12 Surgical Procedures Covered by ROSA Service Experts Option Year Two (2) POP: 03/01/2028 02/28/2029 1 YR 3001 Annual Service Plan: 4 Annual Preventative Maintenance Visits; Break/Fix Hardware & Software Repair and Troubleshooting; Regular Software and Maintenance Updates to Application(s); Unlimited Hospital Staff & Super User Training; Unlimited On-Site Surgeon Training; 12 Surgical Procedures Covered by ROSA Service Experts Option Year Three (3) POP: 03/01/2029 02/28/2030 1 YR 4001 Annual Service Plan: 4 Annual Preventative Maintenance Visits; Break/Fix Hardware & Software Repair and Troubleshooting; Regular Software and Maintenance Updates to Application(s); Unlimited Hospital Staff & Super User Training; Unlimited On-Site Surgeon Training; 12 Surgical Procedures Covered by ROSA Service Experts Option Year Four (4) POP: 03/01/2030 02/28/2031 1 YR Statement of Work The Portland VA Medical Center (PVAMC) requires a full-service maintenance contract to ensure that the Zimmer Biomet Rosa Brain Surgical Robot is kept in proper operating condition and meets manufacturer specifications so that it is ready for use on patients. This contract includes preventive and corrective maintenance, software maintenance and software updates after they have been vetted and released by the manufacturer, unlimited on-site training and onsite support for 12 clinical procedures that are covered by Zimmer-trained and Zimmer-authorized Zimmer Biomet Rosa clinical applications experts. Scope All work is to be performed on the Zimmer Biomet Rosa Brain Surgical Robot located at the Portland VA Medical Center. The unit s unique serial number is B520083. Specific Tasks General Requirements: The contractor must provide all parts, service, and travel costs to repair the Zimmer Biomet Rosa Brain Surgical Robot when repair is needed. All parts used for repair and maintenance must be certified new from Zimmer Biomet, and all contract service engineers must be fully trained by Zimmer Biomet and have current training certifications. Additional requirements include: Unlimited telephone technical support (855-767-2268) must be available M-F from 5:00am to 4:00pm PST (8AM to 7PM EST). When a call for service is placed, virtual technical support will respond within twenty-four (24) hours. Onsite response, once determined it is needed, must be within 3 business days of the request notification under normal conditions. Corrective maintenance and repairs, including parts, labor and travel/travel-related costs will be covered during normal coverage hours of Monday through Friday 8AM to 5PM. Four (4) preventive maintenance procedures per year (one visit per quarter) will be performed. Each visit includes: Planned maintenance Calibration of the equipment Functional checks All PM parts, required replacement parts, labor, and travel/travel-related costs, excluding consumables. Installation of regular software and maintenance updates to the software modules will be installed on the equipment at no extra cost by Zimmer-trained and Zimmer-authorized Zimmer Biomet Rosa field service engineers. A hardcopy or emailed service report will be provided after each repair or maintenance procedure. Unlimited hospital staff and super user training must be provided by Zimmer-trained and Zimmer-authorized Zimmer Biomet Rosa clinical applications specialists. Unlimited on-site surgeon training must be provided as requested by Zimmer-trained and Zimmer-authorized Zimmer Biomet Rosa clinical applications specialists. Clinical Applications support for twelve (12) surgical procedures must covered by Zimmer-trained and Zimmer-authorized Zimmer Biomet Rosa clinical applications experts at no extra cost. On-site response time for clinical support must be within three (3) business days of receiving notification of request. Data services such as providing insights to healthcare operations and to assistance in treatment, data aggregation, and de-identification services as well as providing insights about Customer s patients to and from other customers. Performance Monitoring The tasks are well defined and can, therefore, be easily monitored by the Government point of contact (POC), who shall represent the government for this process. The contractor performance will be monitored and the work certified by the POC. The POC will assure contractor quality by routine inspections, product sampling, and monitoring of work while work is being performed. Security Requirements The vendor s field service technicians will be escorted by a VA employee (PIV badged) while on the facility campus. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations The contractor shall provide service engineers that have specialized training and experience with Zimmer Biomet ROSA Brain and Spine Surgical Robot. The contractor s service engineers must have original equipment manufacturer (OEM) trained on the ROSA Brain and Spine Surgical Robot and have a valid training certificate that is kept up to date. The contractor s service engineer must have fast access to parts, elevated troubleshooting assistance, and regional support. Parts shall be shipped via overnight delivery and/or next flight out (NFO) as required if the situation is emergent. Vendors for maintenance and repair must check in and out with a Biomedical Equipment Support Specialist or designee located in building 100, room B1D106. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria The POC is responsible for certifying that the work done under this contract is performed to standard. The POC is also responsible to assure the inspection and acceptance of products provided incidental to services. The contract period of performance is the date of award 02/28/2027 plus four (4) option years to 02/28/2031. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: Portland VA Medical Center 3710 Southwest US Veterans Hospital Road Portland, ORÂ Postal Code: 97239-2964 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide The following solicitation provisions and clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) (a)Â Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include (1)Â The solicitation number; (2)Â The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3)Â The Offeror s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4)Â Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5) A statement that the Offeror is an OEM-authorized provider for the services provided. A letter from the manufacturer stating such must be included with any response to this solicitation. (6)Â Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (7)Â A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b)Â Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c)Â Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1)Â Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2)Â Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is late and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3)Â If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4)Â Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d)Â Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror s initial offer should contain the Offeror s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e)Â Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1)Â The agency s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror s offer. (2)Â The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3)Â The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4)Â A summary of the rationale for award. (5)Â For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6)Â Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) 2. FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) 52.203-11 CERTIFICATION & DISCLOSURE REGARDING PAYMENTS TO INFLUENCE CERTAIN FEDERAL TRANSACTIONS SEPT 2024 52.203-18 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS-REPRESENTATION JAN 2017 52.204-7 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT REGISTRATION NOV 2024 52.222-48 EXEMPTION FROM APPLICATION OF THE SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS TO CONTRACTS FOR MAINTENANCE, CALIBRATION, OR REPAIR OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT-CERTIFICATION MAY 2014 852.215-72 NOTICE OF INTENT TO RE-SOLICIT OCT 2019 852.233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SEP 2018 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE OCT 2019 FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial services. ADDENDUM to 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Technical Past Performance Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will evaluate quotations using the comparative evaluation process as outlined in RFO 12.203(c)(2), where quotations will be compared to one another to determine which provides the best benefit to the Government. The Government reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price that provides additional benefit(s). Quotations may exceed minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. The evaluation will consider the following: Technical or Quality: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Past Performance: The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the contracting officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; Customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. Options. The Government will evaluate quotations for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. This includes options under FAR 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, which applies to this solicitation. Evaluation of options under FAR 52.217-8 will be accomplished by adding six months of the quoter's price for the last potential period of performance under this contract to the quoter's total price.Â For example, if the contract includes option periods that are exercisable under FAR 52.217-9, the quoter's total price for the purpose of evaluation will include the base period, all option periods, and an additional six months of the last option period. Quoters must price only the base and option periods specified in the contract line item numbers (CLINs) and shall not submit a price for the potential six-month extension of services under FAR 52.217-8. The Government reserves the right to exercise the option under FAR 52.217-8 before the end of any of the contractor's performance periods and will be exercised at the price and/or rates in effect at the time the clause is exercised. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (End of Provision) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) ADDENDUM to 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION OCT 2025) Clauses that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-4 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-4 as an addendum to this solicitation: The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference , (FEB 1998) https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide (RFO FAR) http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) 52.203-6 ALT I. RESTRICTIONS ON SUBCONTRACTOR SALES TO THE GOVERNMENT NOV 2021 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS NOV 2023 52.203-19 PROHIBITION ON REQUIREING CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS JAN 2017 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE OCT 2018 52.209-6 PROTECTING GOVERNMENT S INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT, OR VOLUNTARILY EXCLUDED (DEVIATION NOV 2025) JAN 2025 52.209-10 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS NOV 2015 52.217-8 OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES NOV 1999 52.217-9 OPTIN TO EXTEND THE TERM OF THE CONTRACT MAR 2000 52.219-4 NOTICE OF PRICE EVALUATION PREFERENCE FOR HUBZONE SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS (DEVIATION NOV 2025) OCT 2022 52.222-3 CONVICT LABOR JUN 2003 52.222-19 CHILD LABOR-COOPERATION WITH AUTHORITIES AND REMEDIES (DEVIATION NOV 2025) JAN 2025 52.222-35 EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR VETERANS DEVIATION NOV 2025) JUN 2020 52.222-36 EQUAL OPPORTUNIT FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEVIATION NOV 2025) JUN 2020 52.222-37 EMPLOYEMENT REPORTS ON VETERANS (DEVIATION NOV 2025) JUN 2020 52.222-40 NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT (DEVIATION NOV 2025) DEC 2010 52.222-50 COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS (DEVIATION NOV 2025) NOV 2021 52.225-5 TRADE AGREEMENTS NOV 2023 52.229-3 FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL TAXES (DEVIATION SEP 2025) FEB 2013 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER-SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGMENT JUL2013 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS MAR 2023 52.233-3 PROTEST AFTER AWARD (DEVIATION NOV 2025) AUG 1996 52.233-4 APPLICABLE LAW FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT CLAIM (DEVIATION NOV 2025) OCT 2004 52.240-91 SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS NOV 2025 52.244-6 SUBCONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION OCT 2025) JAN 2025 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING MAY 2018 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS NOV 2018 852.233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SEP 2018 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE SEP 2018 852.242-71 ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER OCT 2020 VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market and Counterfeit Items , (FEB 2023) (a) No used, refurbished, or remanufactured supplies or equipment/parts shall be provided. This procurement is for new Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) items only. No gray market items shall be provided. Gray market items are OEM goods intentionally or unintentionally sold outside an authorized sales territory or sold by non-authorized dealers in an authorized sales territory. (b) No counterfeit supplies or equipment/ parts shall be provided. Counterfeit items include unlawful or unauthorized reproductions, substitutions, or alterations that have been mismarked, misidentified, or otherwise misrepresented to be an authentic, unmodified item from the original manufacturer, or a source with the express written authority of the original manufacturer or current design activity, including an authorized aftermarket manufacturer. Unlawful or unauthorized substitutions include used items represented as new, or the false identification of grade, serial number, lot number, date code, or performance characteristics. (c) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the equipment/system shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (End of Clause) All quoters shall submit the following: Quotes should be emailed to Krystal.Weeks@va.gov and received no later than March 13, 2026, 14:00 PT. Quotes may be submitted on this document or the vendors own form. Any offer that does not provide supporting documentation may be considered non-responsive. Required Supporting Documentation: Authorized distributor letter if not the original equipment manufacturer Enough documentation that demonstrates that the offeror can meet the technical requirements of the Statement of Work Quotes that include pricing for all delivery periods listed in the CLIN price table above. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must also include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Krystal Weeks Krystal.Weeks@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Krystal Weeks
  - Title: Branch Chief
  - Email: Krystal.Weeks@va.gov
  - Phone: or
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Gregory Watson
  - Email: gregory.wason2@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2311f08edfcd4299bc33bcf62660a642/view)