---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought: Dental Supplies for the Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center, Sisseton SD
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 278e522da7394e41a7462e92e5cab7ba
---

# Sources Sought: Dental Supplies for the Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center, Sisseton SD

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 12:09:58.025-04
- Solicitation Number: IHS1524727

## Summary

Sources Sought: Dental supplies for the Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center (WWKMHCC), Sisseton, SD. Sources Sought Notice Number: IHS-SS-26-1524727 This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation, an obligation or commitment by the Indian Health Service. This notice is intended strictly for market research to determine the availability of Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE). Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. The anticipated applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 339114 – Dental Equipment and Supplies Manufacturing. 1. BACKGROUND The IHS is an agency within the Department of Health & Human Services and is responsible for providing federal health services to American Indians and Alaska Natives. The Indian Health Service provides a comprehensive health service delivery system for approximately 1.9 million American Indians and Alaska Natives who belong to 567 federally recognized tribes, in 35 states. The Indian Health Service Headquarters is located in Rockville, MD and then divided into twelve (12) physical areas: Alaska, Albuquerque, Bemidji, Billings, California, Great Plains, Nashville, Navajo, Oklahoma, Phoenix, Portland, and Tucson. The Great Plains Area Office (GPAO) works in conjunction with 19 Indian Health Service Units and Tribal Managed Service Units to provide health care to approximately 130,000 Native American located in North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Iowa. WWKMHCC falls under the GPAO and provides medical care to approximately 7,000 tribal members living on the Lake Traverse Reservation. Serving a rural area, many of our patients travel 100 miles round trip to receive care. The Service Unit was built in 2007 to provide an expanded level of outpatient health care services specifically designed to meet the needs of our population. Services include: Behavioral Health, Community Health, Dental, Laboratory, Nutrition Services, Optometry, Pharmacy, Physical Therapy, Public Health Nursing, Purchased & Referred Care Services, and Radiology. 2. OBJECTIVE The primary objective for this project is to provide dental supplies for the Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center in Sisseton, SD. 3. SPECIFICATIONS See attached PDF list for items needed 4. TYPE OF ORDER The award for this service will be a firm fixed purchase order. 5. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of Performance: Date of award x 90 days 6. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center, Indian Health Service, 100 Lake Traverse Drive, Sisseton, SD. 7. PAYMENT The contractor shall submit invoices for services that is mutually agreed upon by the contractor and the COR through the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP.gov). 8. Capability Statement/Information: Interested parties are expected to review this notice and attached statement of work to familiarize itself with the requirements of this project. Failure to do so will be at your firm’s own risk. The following information shall be included in the capability statement: 1. A general overview of the respondent’s opinions about the difficulty and/or feasibility of the potential requirement, and any information regarding innovative ideas or concepts. 2. Information in sufficient detail of the respondent’s (a) current capability and capacity to perform the work; (b) prior completed events of similar nature/size; (c) organizational experience and management capability; and (d) examples of prior completed Government contracts and other related information. 3. The respondents’ UEI number, organization name, address, point of contact, and size and type of business (e.g., 8(a), HUBZone, etc.) Pursuant to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code: 339114 – Dental Equipment and Supplies Manufacturing. 4. Any other information that may be helpful in developing or finalizing the requirements of the potential acquisition. 5. The capability statement shall not exceed 10 single-sided pages (including all attachments, resumes, etc.) presented in single-space and using a 12-point font size minimum, in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF), with 8-1/2 by 11 inch paper size, and 1 inch top, bottom, left and right margins. 6. All proprietary information should be marked as such. Statements should also include an indication of current certified small business status; this indication should be clearly marked on the first page of your capability statement (preferably placed under the eligible small business concern’s name and address). Responses will be reviewed only by IHS personnel and will be held in a confidential manner. 9. Closing Statement Point of Contact: Jeremiah Tsoodle, Purchasing Agent, at jeremiah.tsoodle@ihs.gov Submission Instructions: Interested parties shall submit capability via email to Jeremiah Tsoodle, Purchasing Agent, at jeremiah.tsoodle@ihs.gov. Must include Sources Sought Number IHS1524727 in the Subject line. The due date for receipt of statements is April 13, 2026, 3:00 p.m. Central Time. All responses must be received by the specified due date and time in order to be considered. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of IHS. IHS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses nor otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted. As a result of this notice, IHS may issue a Request for Quote (RFQ). THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. However, should such a requirement materialize, no basis for claims against IHS shall arise as a result of a response to this notice or IHS’s use of such information as either part of our evaluation process or in developing specifications for any subsequent requirement. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeremiah Tsoodle
  - Email: jeremiah.tsoodle@ihs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/278e522da7394e41a7462e92e5cab7ba/view)