---
layout: default
title: Preparation & Preservation of Potable Water Tanks Onboard Submarine
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: b253ec0f920248fc90f34e6e5ff0bc5f
---

# Preparation & Preservation of Potable Water Tanks Onboard Submarine

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 08:19:43.362-04
- Solicitation Number: N6278926Q0012

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for a modified commercial service acquisition prepared in accordance with simplified acquisition procedures found in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Revolutionary Far Overhaul (RFO) Subpart 12.2, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation is intended to result in the issuance of a singular firm fixed price award. Solicitation Number N62789-26-Q-0012 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold (SAT). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2026-01 dated March 13, 2026. This is an unrestricted acquisition using NAICS Code: 336611, size standard: 1,300. This work is performed onboard a submarine located at a pier at the Naval Submarine Base New London. The intended period of performance is June 3, 2026 – July 17, 2026. Offerors should recognize the preparation and preservation work is not consecutive in schedule and requires the offeror to complete the preparation and then come back to the Naval Submarine Base New London to complete the preservation. The successful offeror is required to work 7 days per week 2 shifts per day until task completion. The successful offeror is required to provide the Government with documentation of each of the following qualifications (or NAVSEA approved alternatives with proper documentation): AMPP C7, AMPP C12, AMPP C14, AMPP CAS LEVEL 2 and QP-1. The successful offeror is also required to be at least “LEVEL 1; SELF” Certified in the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) within the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) module in the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE). This requirement is found in DFARS Provision 252.204-7025 and Clause 252.204-7021 as both are contained in the solicitation. Please provide a quote stating the total price of the work and further broken down by Contract Line Item Number (CLIN). Please include as much detail as possible to assist in an expeditious evaluation. CLIN 0001: Prepare Potable Water Tanks. The Contractor shall Prepare Potable Water Tanks #1 and #2 in accordance with the included statement of work. Contractor to clearly state the number of people performing work, hours per person, job title of each person and corresponding labor rates, total number of days required to complete the Preparation considering 2 shifts per day, and total hours to complete each tank. CLIN 0002: Preserve Potable Water Tanks. The Contractor shall provide Preservation services within Potable Water Tanks #1 and #2 in accordance with the included statement of work. Contractor to clearly state number of people performing work, hours per person, job title of each person and corresponding labor rates, total number of days required to complete the Preservation considering 2 shifts per day, and total hours to complete each tank. CLIN 0003: Material Costs. Contractor to state material costs to be incurred in support of the tank preparation and preservation. Contractor to break down or clearly state the materials to be consumed (consumables, equipment to perform services, disposal etc.). CLIN 0004: Contractor Travel/Per Diem. Contractor to state travel costs to Naval Submarine Base New London for two (2) occurrences for the tank preparation and preservation efforts. Contractor to provide a complete breakdown of travel plans (number of people travelling, hotel costs, flights, car rental expenses, meals/incidentals) to assist in evaluation. The anticipated award will be made to the responsible vendor that can satisfy this requirement in conformance with the solicitation and is determined to be the best value to the government, price and other factors considered. In determining the best overall response, the combined non-cost/price factors (technical qualification and past performance) are more important than the cost/price factor; however, cost/price is still a significant factor. The Government may select for award the offeror whose price is not necessarily the lowest, but whose technical quotation is more advantageous to the Government and warrants the additional cost. The evaluation factors considered for this award are listed below and also contained in Section M of the solicitation. Offers that take exception to any performance criteria are unacceptable. Quotations are due prior to 12:00 P.M., EST on April 20, 2026. Late submissions will not be accepted. Offers should be submitted via electronic mail to: andrea.a.cook.civ@us.navy.mil and stephanie.l.neale.civ@us.navy.mil. Offerors should identify the RFQ number in the subject line of the email. Offerors are advised to submit electronic documents early and to confirm successful transmittal. The System for Award Management (SAM) is a Government maintained database of companies wanting to do business with the Government. A firm must register and maintain an active SAM registration in order to receive a federal award. Register at: https://sam.gov/SAM/pages/public/index.jsf EVALUATION FACTORS FOR AWARD: The relative weight of each criterion is as follows: Rank 1: Technical Qualification/ normalized weight .5 Rank 2: Past Performance / normalized weight .3 Rank 3: Price / normalized weight .2 Total Normalized Weight of

1.0 Ratings. Each criterion will be given a rating of 1, 2 or 3, with three being the most favorable rating as it denotes “Acceptable”: 1. Technical Qualification. Normalized Weight: .50 a. Technical Qualification relates to the credentials, capability and eligibility of an offeror to receive this award. For this criterion, the offeror shall provide the Government with documentation of its NAVSEA approved qualifications (or NAVSEA approved equivalents with proper documentation): AMPP C7, AMPP C12, AMPP C14, AMPP CAS Level 2, QP-1, in accordance with section 3.2 of the statement of work. b. The offeror shall demonstrate that it otherwise has the technical understanding and ability to successfully and timely complete this requirement. This means the vendor has demonstrated it has adequate financial resources, the personnel, machinery/equipment and project management skills sufficient to successfully perform under the terms of the contract. c. The offeror shall otherwise be eligible for Government award. Specifically, they must have an active SAM.gov registration with no active exclusions, be Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) compliant within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) or be precluded from award by another means. d. The Government will evaluate the extent to which the offeror’s qualification will ensure success of the acquisition. The rating will be made based on the following chart. Rating / Adjectival Rating / Description 1 / Unacceptable / Offeror does not hold the required credentials and/or have the ability (technical, financial, personnel, machinery/equipment etc.) to satisfy the requirement(s) and/or is not eligible to receive a Government award by another means described above. Failure to prove qualification is a deficiency and is un-awardable. 2 / Marginal / Offeror possesses the required credentials but has not adequately demonstrated their technical ability to satisfy this requirement. 3 / Acceptable / Offeror has proven it holds the required credentials, the ability to satisfy the requirement(s) and has the ability to receive a Government award. 2. Past Performance. Normalized Weight: .30 a. Past performance relates to how well a contractor has performed in the past. Evaluation of the offerors past performance will be based on the summary provided by the offeror with respect to their most recent 3 contracts. Additionally, the Government will conduct a review of the offerors Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), SAM.gov. The Government may use any other source other than the ones listed to determine past performance. b. The Government will evaluate the extent to which the offeror’s past performance will ensure success of the acquisition. The rating will be made based on the following chart. Rating / Adjectival Rating / Description 1 / Unacceptable / Offeror has an unacceptable or undesirable past performance history as demonstrated by CPARS, SAM.gov, and/or the Offerors Summary (or by another allowable means). An unacceptable or undesirable past performance is un-awardable. 2 / Marginal / Offeror has a little relevant past performance history. 3 / Acceptable / Offeror has a successful past performance history as demonstrated by CPARS, SAM.gov and/or the Offerors Summary (or by another allowable means). 3. Price. Normalized Weight: .20 a. Price relates to the cost analysis that will be performed in reviewing each quotation. Each offeror’s proposed price will be evaluated for overall reasonableness, realism (each individual line item) and affordability. The Government may use various cost analysis techniques and procedures to ensure a fair and reasonable price, which includes evaluation of individual cost elements. b. The offeror must show cost reasonableness and realism in its quotation by clearly showing a justification for costs. Each quotation will be independently reviewed, reviewed against other offers received and compared to the Independent Government Cost Estimate (IGCE). c. The Government will evaluate the extent to which the offeror’s proposed price will ensure success of the acquisition. The rating will be made based on the following chart. Rating / Adjectival Rating / Description 1 / Unacceptable / Proposed price is not fair, reasonable and/or justified for the work being performed and is considered un-awardable. 2 / Marginal / Although proposed price appears to meet the statement of work, the price is not competitive. 3 / Acceptable / Proposed price is fair, reasonable and justified and provides the best price for the Navy.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrea Cook
  - Email: andrea.a.cook.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 8604338436
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Stephanie Neale
  - Email: stephanie.l.neale.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 8604333709

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b253ec0f920248fc90f34e6e5ff0bc5f/view)