---
layout: default
title: RFI to locate contractors who are able to P25 (Conventional or Trunked) Handhel
agency: SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 502ef9824c5c417fb5d0c9e73a4e0507
---

# RFI to locate contractors who are able to P25 (Conventional or Trunked) Handhel

- Agency: SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-09 14:52:47.453-04
- Solicitation Number: 28321326RI0000011

## Summary

This request for information (RFI) is issued solely for planning purposes and is published in accordance with FAR Part 10. This is not a solicitation or call for proposals. Any proposal submitted in response to this request for information will not be considered. Information received from this RFI is for planning purposes and market research only, and it will assist the Government in its acquisition strategy. The Government will not pay any costs incurred in the preparation of information for responding to this market survey or the Government’s use of the information. Proprietary information must be clearly identified as proprietary information. All proprietary information submitted will be held in a confidential manner and will only be used for the purpose intended. The Government will not provide a debrief on the results of the survey. The SSA is required to meet the requirements for physical security set by the Interagency Security Committee under executive order 14111. The ISC states under Security Criterion 68 that all Federal Security Level IV facilities must Provide a centralized radio network for security force personnel. Furthermore, DHS/CISA SAFECOM has provided guidance on how agencies shall provide means of communication. The purpose of this RFI is to identify subject matter expert contractors that can provide Security & Resilience PhySec the options for P25 compliant radio systems that meet the requirements within the DRAFT - SOW along with estimated pricing for each proposed system and equipment. REQUESTED INFORMATION SSA is seeking responses from vendors capable of providing information regarding a P25 Trunked Radio Communication System. SSA requests RFI submissions for four (4) distinct P25 Trunked Radio System options. These options pertain to either single or multiple locations requiring P25 Radio coverage: 1. Option 1: Provide option for P25 Trunked (Phase 1 or Phase 2) a. Headquarters (HQ) Woodlawn, MD 2. Option 2: Provide option for P25 Trunked (Phase 1 or Phase 2) a. National Support Center (NSC) Urbana, MD 3. Option 5: Provide option for P25 Trunked (Phase 1 or Phase 2) crossing Geographic boundaries a. Headquarters (HQ) Woodlawn, MD b. National Support Center (NSC) Urbana, MD c. Second Support Center (SSC) Durham, NC d. Western Support Center (WSC) Denver, CO 4. Provide suggested communication device options (handheld radios, base stations (interconnected with other sites), PTT over LTE, and high-level cost estimates for the hardware, licensing and other required equipment to meet the requirements of the proposed systems. i. This may be awarded as a separate contract based on the best technically acceptable system with the best cost. The SSA will look at the proposals and will select the most technically acceptable system and the most technically acceptable Radio with the best price for the taxpayer. P25 Radio System Options, Technical Requirements and Features, and Project Requirements: 1. Option 1: Headquarters (HQ) Woodlawn, MD (Trunked Phase 1 or Phase 2) a. SSA Headquarters in Woodlawn, MD requires a radio system capable of supporting radio traffic for up to 124 Portable Handheld Radios Users during peak hours. b. The system must provide 6 talk groups, each accommodating up to 80 users per talk group. c. Headquarters operates a base station located in the PhySec SOC configured for communication with all SSA Headquarters personnel and talk groups d. Provision for PTT over LTE across the USA with access to FirstNet emergency cellular tower networks for select personnel. 2. Option 2: National Support Center (NSC) Urbana, MD (Trunked Phase 1 or Phase 2) a. The National Support Center (NSC) in Urbana, MD requires a radio system capable of supporting radio traffic for up to 41 Portable Handheld Radios Users during peak hours. b. The system must provide 5 talk groups, each accommodating up to 30 users. c. The NSC operates a base station in the NSC-Security Control Center (NSC-SCC) configured for communication with all NSC personnel. d. Provision for PTT over LTE across the USA with access to FirstNet emergency cellular tower networks for select personnel 3. Option 3: Provide a unified P25 Emergency communications system allowing encrypted P25 Trunked communications between Headquarters (HQ) Campus in Woodlawn, MD, the National Support Center (NSC) in Urbana, MD, the Second Support Center in Durham, NC, the WBDOC facility in Wilkes Barre, PA and the Western Support Center (WSC) eVault located in Denver, CO along with other future sites brought onto the SSA Security and Resilience Emergency Radio Communication System (Trunked Phase 1 or Phase 2) SSA Headquarters in Woodlawn, MD Proposed P25 trunked emergency communications system shall be capable of: a. Supporting radio traffic for up to 124 Portable Handheld Radios Users and 1 base station during peak hours. b. The system must provide 6 talk groups (Guard Force, PhySec, SOHO, Facilities, OEM) each accommodating up to 80 encrypted devices per talk group. c. Use existing Distributed Antenna infrastructure and ancillary systems where possible d. Headquarters operates 1 base station located in the PhySec SOC configured for communication with: • All SSA Headquarters personnel and talk groups, • The NSC-SCC via HQ PhySec SOC base station • The WBDOC Security Control Center (WBDOC-SCC) via HQ PhySec SOC base station • The Second Support Center Security Control Center (SSC-SCC) in Durham, NC via HQ PhySec SOC base station • The WSC Security Control Office via HQ PhySec SOC base station. e. The HQ Campus Guard Force Talk Group shall be able to: • Communicate with the HQ Campus Guard Force Talk Group • Communicate with the HQ PhySec SOC Base Station f. The HQ Campus PhySec Talk Group shall be configured to: • Selectively Communicate with all HQ Campus Talk groups • Selectively communicate with the SSC PhySec, NSC PhySec, WSC PhySec, and WBDOC PhySec • Selectively Communicate with the SSC-SCC, NSC-SCC and WSC Security Office Base Stations. • Selectively communicate with the NSC and SSC OEM group g. The HQ Campus OEM Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with HQ Campus PhySec • Selectively Communicate with HQ PhySec SOC base station • Selectively communicate with the NSC OEM, SSC/RTP OEM, and WSC-OEM h. The HQ Campus Facilities Talk group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the HQ Campus PhySec talk group • Selectively Communicate with the HQ PhySec SOC base station • Selectively communicate with the HQ Campus OEM group i. Provision for PTT over LTE from any location within the USA with access to FirstNet emergency cellular tower networks for select personnel to all other PTT over LTE, and all sites talk groups The National Support Center (NSC) in Urbana, MD Proposed P25 trunked emergency communications system shall be capable of: a. Supporting radio traffic for up to 45 Portable Handheld Radios Users and 3 base stations during peak hours. b. The system must provide 5 talk groups (Guard Force, PhySec, SOHO, Facilities, OEM) each accommodating up to 30 encrypted devices. c. Use existing Distributed Antenna infrastructure and ancillary systems where possible (NSC does have an existing combiner and transmitter system on site) d. The NSC operates a base station in the NSC-Security Control Center (NSC-SCC) configured for communication with: • All NSC AND WSC talk groups and personnel • The HQ PhySec SOC via NSC-SCC base station • The WBDOC Security Control Center (WBDOC-SCC) via NSC-SCC base station • The Second Support Center Security Control Center (SSC-SCC) in Durham, NC via NSC-SCC base station • The WSC Security Control Office via NSC-SCC base station. e. The NSC Guard Force Talk Group shall be able to: • Communicate with the NSC Guard Force Talk Group • Communicate with the NSC-SCC Base Station f. The NSC PhySec Talk Group shall be configured to: • Selectively Communicate with all the NSC Talk groups • Selectively communicate with the SSC PhySec, HQ PhySec, WSC PhySec, and WBDOC PhySec • Selectively Communicate with the SSC-SCC, HQ PhySec SOC and WSC Security Office Base Stations. • Selectively communicate with the NSC OEM group g. The NSC SOHE Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the NSC PhySec • Selectively Communicate with the NSC-SCC base station • Selectively communicate with the SSC SOHE and WSC SOHE Talk Group h. The NSC OEM Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the NSC PhySec • Selectively Communicate with the NSC-SCC base station • Selectively communicate with the NSC SOHE • Selectively communicate with the SSC-OEM, and WSC-OEM i. The NSC Facilities Talk group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the NSC PhySec talk group • Selectively Communicate with the NSC-SCC base station • Selectively communicate with the NSC OEM group j. Provision for PTT over LTE from any location within the USA with access to FirstNet emergency cellular tower networks for select personnel to all other PTT over LTE, and all sites talk groups The Second Support Center (SSC) and RTP facilities in Durham, NC Upgrade the existing conventional P25 Motorola radio system. This proposal shall include: a. The required hardware, software and licensing required for P25 encrypted trunked inter-site communications b. Shall be capable of supporting radio traffic for up to 25 Portable Handheld Radios Users and 2 base stations during peak hours/emergencies. c. Use existing Distributed Antenna infrastructure and ancillary systems where possible (SSC does have an existing P25 system and repeaters for RTP facility) d. Provide 5 talk groups (Guard Force, PhySec, SOHO, Facilities, OEM) each accommodating up to 35 users for each talk group. e. The SSC operates a base station operates in the SSC-Security Control Center (SSC-SCC) configured for communication with: • All SSC and RTP talk groups and personnel • The HQ PhySec SOC via SSC-SCC base station • The WBDOC Security Control Center (WBDOC-SCC) via SSC-SCC base station • The NSC-SCC via SSC-SCC base station • The WSC Security Control Office via NSC-SCC base station. f. The SSC/RTP Guard Force Talk Group shall be able to: • Communicate with the SSC/RTP Guard Force Talk Group • Communicate with the SSC-SCC Base Station g. The SSC/RTP PhySec Talk Group shall be configured to: • Selectively Communicate with all the SSC /RTP Talk groups • Selectively communicate with the NSC PhySec, HQ PhySec, WSC PhySec, and WBDOC PhySec along • Selectively Communicate with the NSC-SCC, HQ PhySec SOC and WSC Security Office Base Stations. • Selectively communicate with the SSC OEM group h. The SSC/RTP SOHE Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the SSC PhySec • Selectively communicate with the NSC SOHE and WSC SOHE Talk Group i. The SSC/RTP OEM Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the SSC PhySec • Selectively communicate with the SSC Guard Force • Selectively communicate with the SSC SOHE • Selectively communicate with the NSC-OEM, and WSC-OEM j. The SSC/RTP Facilities Talk group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the SSC/RTP PhySec talk group • Selectively Communicate with the SSC-SCC base station • Selectively communicate with the SSC/RTP OEM group k. Provision for PTT over LTE from any location within the USA with access to FirstNet emergency cellular tower networks for select personnel to all other PTT over LTE, and all sites talk groups The Western Support Center (WSC) in Denver, CO Proposed P25 trunked emergency communications system shall be capable of: a. Supporting radio traffic for up to 5 Portable Handheld Radios Users and a base station during peak hours/emergencies. b. The system must also provide 5 talk groups (Guard Force, PhySec, Facilities, SOHE, OEM) each accommodating up to 10 users each talk group. c. The WSC needs to operate a base station configured for communication with: • All WSC talk groups and personnel • The NSC-SCC via WSC Security Office base station • The SSC-SCC via WSC Security Office base station • The HQ PhySec SOC via WSC Security Office base station. d. The WSC Guard Force Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively Communicate with the WSC Security Office base station • Communicate with the NSC-SCC Base Station • Selectively communicate with WSC Facilities • Communicate with the WSC SOHE Talk Group • The Communicate with the WSC Guard Force Talk Group e. WSC PhySec Talk Group shall be configured to: • Selectively Communicate with all the WSC Talk groups • Selectively communicate with the NSC PhySec, HQ PhySec, and SSC/RTP PhySec along • Selectively Communicate with the NSC-SCC, HQ PhySec SOC and SSC-SCC Base Stations. • Selectively communicate with the WSC OEM group f. The WSC SOHE Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the WSC PhySec • Selectively Communicate with the WSC Security Office base station • Selectively communicate with the NSC SOHE and WSC SOHE Talk Group g. The WSC OEM Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the WSC PhySec • Selectively Communicate with the WSC Security Office base station • Selectively communicate with the WSC SOHE • Selectively communicate with the NSC-OEM, and SSC-OEM h. The WSC Facilities Talk group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the WSC PhySec talk group • Selectively Communicate with the WSC Security Office base station • Selectively communicate with the WSC OEM group i. Provision for PTT over LTE from any location within the USA with access to FirstNet emergency cellular tower networks for select personnel to all other PTT over LTE, and all sites talk groups The WBDOC facility in Wilkes Barre, PA Proposed P25 trunked emergency communications system shall be capable of: a. Supporting radio traffic for up to 65 Portable Handheld Radios Users and a base station during peak hours/emergencies. b. The system must also provide 5 talk groups (Guard Force, PhySec, Facilities. Maintenance, OEM/OEO) each accommodating up to 25 users each talk group. c. The WBDOC Security Control Center (WBDOC-SCC) needs to operate a base station configured for communication with: • All WBDOC talk groups and personnel • The NSC-SCC via WSC Security Office base station • The SSC-SCC via WSC Security Office base station • The HQ PhySec SOC via WSC Security Office base station. d. The WBDOC Guard Force Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively Communicate with the WBDOC-SCC base station • Communicate with the NSC -SCC Base Station • Selectively communicate with SSC Facilities • WBDOC • Communicate with the WBDOC OEM/OEO Talk Group • The Communicate with the WSC Guard Force Talk Group e. WBDOC PhySec Talk Group shall be configured to: • Selectively Communicate with all the WBDOC Talk groups • Selectively communicate with the NSC PhySec, HQ PhySec, and SSC/RTP PhySec • Selectively Communicate with the NSC-SCC, HQ PhySec SOC and SSC-SCC Base Stations. f. The WBDOC OEM Talk Group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the WBDOC PhySec • Selectively Communicate with the WBDOC-SCC base station • Selectively communicate with the WBDOC Facilities • Selectively communicate with the NSC-OEM, and SSC-OEM g. The WBDOC Facilities Talk group shall be able to: • Selectively communicate with the WBDOC PhySec talk group • Selectively Communicate with the WBDOC-SCC base station • Selectively communicate with the WBDOC OEM group h. Provision for PTT over LTE from any location within the USA with access to FirstNet emergency cellular tower networks for select personnel to all other PTT over LTE, and all sites talk groups 4. Please confirm and/or include the following information in all submissions: a. The system must be true SAFECOM P25 Encrypted Trunked system and support future integration with other P25 Trunked systems throughout the agency. i. Submitter shall provide technical specifications that comply with P25, including, but not limited to, security features, AES 256 encryption, operational modes, frequencies, hardware, and software. b. The system should enable inter-agency connectivity, including Federal, State, and Local Police departments, as well as Fire/EMS services. c. Specify the number of channels the radio system and subscriber units can support on a single frequency AND recommend the number of frequencies and licenses needed for each Option. d. Describe interoperability capabilities between all P25 radio systems, regardless of manufacturer, and across multiple sites in different geographic regions using an IP Interlink Extension or equivalent solution. e. Confirm compatibility with the existing Motorola P25 Conventional system located at SSC Durham, NC. If upgrades are required for integration with the P25 Trunked system, please provide relevant details. f. Confirm that the NSC and WSC existing L3Harris XG-75 Portable Hand-Held (Model: EVXG-PFU1B), and L3Harris XG-25P, Hand-Held (Model : DPXG-PBU1B) are P25 Trunked mode compatible; AND If confirmed, provide list of licensing required to use convert the existing Harris XG-25P and XG-75P radios to the P25 Trunked system. g. Provide make/model and cost of replacement portable hand-held radios and base stations (subscriber unit). Replacement Subscriber Unit shall have the required capabilities and licensing to work on the proposed P25 Trunked system and allow radio to radio encrypted communication if the head end system is down. MUST BE COMPATIBLE WITH ANY P25 system used at the SSA (e.g. Motorola, Harris, Tait) h. Include an itemized list that explains the total cost of each handheld radio. Include the price of portable radio, the price to activate, the price of the licenses, and the price of any other associated cost that is needed to get the portable handheld radio functioning. i. Provide list of available attachments for proposed radio replacement radios listed above (hand mic, whisper mic, etc.) j. Include information on Push to Talk (PTT) over cellular network (LTE) capabilities with licensing, application, and hardware requirements. Also include if the PTT over LTE gets priority on cell towers while in use. k. Include the radio coverage radius in miles that the system can support. l. Include whether or not the P25 radio uses or can use the Distributed Antenna System (DAS). If so, explain how it works. m. Include information on Base Station (Physical and Virtual). n. Include the process on how we can enable the system for cross-jurisdiction (i.e. how the process works for us to be able to communicate to our data center in Denver, CO and Durham, NC.). o. Include what it would take to add two radios to a random field office that does not have a base station. Please explain if it would only need to purchase handheld radios or if it would need to purchase more equipment in order for the portable handheld radios to function and communicate back to Woodlawn, MD. p. Include how we will be able to communicate across geographical locations with the handheld radio in the same manner PTT over LTE is used. q. Please be able to include whether or not you are able to record radio traffic and have visual dispatch capabilities. Alos, can the talk groups be created “on the go”? r. Include if you can do static and virtual capabilities for talk groups and channels. 5. Project Requirements a. Provide a comprehensive project plan, including complete system architecture, design documentation, and as-built drawings. b. Address the removal of any existing infrastructure systems that are incompatible and detail the deployment of all new radio system infrastructure components. c. Specify all hardware requirements and describe backend components. Ensure all systems are equipped with a redundant power source. d. Include details on training programs for both end users and system administrators. e. Provide a sample Blank Purchase Agreement covering Subscriber Units, Base Stations, Single Charging Stations, Multi-Charging Stations, Replacement Batteries, and Subscriber Unit Antennas. f. Outline warranty terms for all subscriber units, equipment, hardware, and software. g. The contractor must have the capacity to offer a service contract for the base period plus four (4) additional years, effective after the warranty period. This agreement should cover parts and labor for all system components, system software, workstations/monitors, servers, security patches, and hardware purchased and installed under the contract. h. All systems must comply with U.S. Government security standards and protocols. i. If software will be deployed on the SSA network, it must successfully complete the agency’s network authority to operate process. If the system will not be on the SSA network, provide a detailed explanation of how communication will be enabled between sites in different geographic locations. RESPONSE GUIDELINES Respondents shall briefly describe its company’s background and experience in providing P25 Radio Communication Systems and its responses to Sections 2 (Requested Information) of this RFI. Responses are to be sent electronically not to exceed five (25) pages in length. All documents shall be fully readable and in a format compatible with Microsoft Word or .pdf. All pages shall be single spaced, Times New Roman, 11-point font and 1-inch margins. Acceptable graphics, figures, tables, footnotes, and legend font shall be no smaller than 8-point font. Respondents should ensure that their submissions address items outlined within this RFI. Respondents shall not provide marketing material. NOTE: All Options in Section 2 should reflect what would be needed for each. Proprietary information is neither sought nor desired by SSA. All information received will be treated as being nonproprietary. RESPONSE FORMAT The Capabilities Statement in response to this RFI shall adhere to the format outlined above. Please note RFI responses received may be shared amongst other SSA offices. Responses to this RFI should be submitted through FedConnect no later than 2pm EST on March 23, 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kathryn Keller
  - Email: Kathryn.Keller@ssa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/502ef9824c5c417fb5d0c9e73a4e0507/view)