---
layout: default
title: Z--Spillway Gantry Crane Removal, Tiber Dam, Chester, Montana
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2390596aff62402aab10aa1bc888a593
---

# Z--Spillway Gantry Crane Removal, Tiber Dam, Chester, Montana

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 15:58:16.826-04
- Solicitation Number: 140R6026Q0034

## Summary

Sources Sought Announcement Spillway Gantry Crane Removal, Tiber Dam, Chester, Montana THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES General Information Contract Opportunity Type: Sources Sought (Original) All Dates/Times are: (UTC-6:00) Mountain Daylight Time (MDT) Classification Responses Due: 4/2/2026, 3:00 PM MDT Product Service Code (PSC): Z2KA, Repair or Alteration of Dams North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code: 237990, Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction Description This Sources Sought announcement for Spillway Gantry Crane Removal, Tiber Dam, Chester, Montana. This announcement is being used for market research and advanced planning purposes. Proposals/quotes are not requested and will not be accepted from this Sources Sought notice. This is not a solicitation for proposals and a contract will not be awarded as a result of this notice. Tiber Dam is located on the Marias River, approximately 20 miles southwest of Chester, Montana, in Liberty County. The crane is located at the spillway intake structure near the right abutment. The jobsite is adjacent to a public roadway, however the area around the spillway is closed to the public. The Tiber Dam Spillway Gantry Crane (crane) was installed in 2001 and has since become inoperable. Removal of the crane is required. Portions of the crane are located over the Spillway. The Contractor shall remove the crane and instill protection of existing installations. Following removal of the crane, the Contractor shall install and remove government furnished stoplogs. The principal components of work include: A. Remove all crane components, including the crane frame, bridge, hoist, rail, and rail support beams and columns. a. Connections to concrete decks/piers shall be removed by methods which minimize damage to the concrete. It is anticipated that all anchors embedded in the concrete substructure be flush with the concrete surface after the structure is removed. All concrete is to be left in place. B. Load, haul, and legally dispose of all materials off site. a. Contractor may salvage all materials at their discretion. C. After removal of the existing crane components, install and remove government furnished stoplogs into each of the 3 spillway gate bays. a. Stoplogs shall remain in place for 1 day for each gate to allow government forces to operationally test the radial gates. The day that the stoplogs are left in place shall be during the working week, Monday through Thursday. b. Only one full set of stoplogs is available and will have to be moved between gate bays. c. After all the gate have been tested, place the stoplogs back in the storage area near the spillway. The Contractor shall provide all management, supervision, labor, subcontractors, materials, supplies and equipment, and shall plan, schedule, coordinate, and assure effective completion of all services. Performance After award the contractor shall be required to commence work within 10 calendar days after the date the contractor receives the Notice to Proceed. Work shall be complete and ready to use within 30 calendar days from receipt of Notice to Proceed. Work shall be performed Monday through Thursday, 7:00 AM to 5:30 PM. No work will be allowed during the night, Federal holidays or Sundays. Work is only allowed between April 1 through June 1, and August 15 through November 1. Work outside this window may be allowed with Reclamation approval depending on reservoir elevations. Sources Sought The Government is seeking responses and capability statements from interested small businesses, small disadvantages businesses (including 8(a)), women-owned small businesses, HUBZone small businesses, service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses, and Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises, who have the resources necessary to successfully supply and deliver this requirement. The NAICS code for this action is 237990, Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction, with a small business size standard of $45 million. The estimated magnitude for this project is between $25,000 and $100,000. If an interested small business concern believes it is qualified and capable of performing the work required under this project, please submit a capability statement demonstrating the ability to successfully accomplish the various components of the work outlined above. Responses and capability statements are requested with the following information: 1. Business name, address, System for Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, and points of contact with email addresses. 2. Business size/classification to include any designations as Small Business, HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business, Service Disable Veteran Owned Small Business, Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise, or 8(a). The Government will not reimburse any costs associated with responding to this Sources Sought Notice. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will not be bound to this information if a solicitation is issued. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract action, based on the responses to this notice, is at the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources that believe they have the capability to meet this requirement shall submit a capability statement along with their business profile to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer at sydney_oakes@ios.doi.gov and charlene_maurer@ios.doi.gov by 3:00 PM MDT, April 2, 2026. Any information received will be treated as market research information for future same or similar requirements. For record keeping purposes, telephonic inquiries will not be accepted. System for Award Management (SAM) Effective October 2018, all contractors interested in doing business with the Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at the time they submit their offer. SAM registration and annual confirmation requirements must be accomplished through the SAM website at https://sam.gov/. For assistance with registering in SAM, contact the Federal Services Desk at 1-866-606-8220. Note: System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications¿Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Oakes, Sydney
  - Email: SKessel@usbr.gov
  - Phone: 4062333647

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2390596aff62402aab10aa1bc888a593/view)