---
layout: default
title: Global Advisory Request for Proposals (RFP)
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 57f4d548561d4d5993f0f43639d03c6d
---

# Global Advisory Request for Proposals (RFP)

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 11:42:33.942-04
- Solicitation Number: 19AQMM25R0019

## Summary

04/06/2026 The Government is currently evaluating the Global Advisory proposals. At this time, no further information is available. Offerors who submitted their proposals on time are requested not to contact the Department of State for updates. Vendors who did not submit a timely proposal, as well as other interested parties or those conducting market research, should also refrain from contacting the Department of State for status updates. Thank you for your understanding. ------------------------------ 02/20/2026 The Government is currently evaluating the Global Advisory proposals. At this time, no further information is available. Offerors who submitted their proposals on time are requested not to contact the Department of State for updates. Vendors who did not submit a timely proposal, as well as other interested parties or those conducting market research, should also refrain from contacting the Department of State for status updates. Thank you for your understanding. ------------------------------ 01/21/2026 The Government is currently evaluating the Global Advisory proposals. At this time, no further information is available. Offerors who submitted their proposals on time are requested not to contact the Department of State for updates. Vendors who did not submit a timely proposal, as well as other interested parties or those conducting market research, should also refrain from contacting the Department of State for status updates. Thank you for your understanding. ------------------------------ 11/24/2025 The Government is currently evaluating the Global Advisory proposals. At this time, no further information is available. Offerors who submitted their proposals on time are requested not to contact the Department of State for updates. Vendors who did not submit a timely proposal, as well as other interested parties or those conducting market research, should also refrain from contacting the Department of State for status updates. Thank you for your understanding. ------------------------------ 07/28/2025 The Government is currently evaluating the Global Advisory proposals. At this time, no further information is available. Offerors who submitted their proposals on time are requested not to contact the Department of State for updates. Vendors who did not submit a timely proposal, as well as other interested parties or those conducting market research, should also refrain from contacting the Department of State for status updates. Thank you for your understanding. ------------------------------ 03/27/2025 Amendment 2 does the following: 1. Provide answers to the questions received. The questions and answers are provided via J-Attachment 12. 2. Makes several clarifications to the RFP. See the RFP document for specific updates. 3. Update the Request for Proposal (Sections B-M). 4. Update Section J-Attachments which include J-10 and J-12. 5. There is no change to the due date/time. 6. While the Government has highlighted changes in red, Offerors are responsible for reviewing the entire solicitation to ensure they are aware of and comply with all current terms and conditions, as not all changes may be captured in red. The primary POC is Taynelle McCloud, mccloudtl@state.gov. Alternate POCs are Andrew Lawson lawsonar@state.gov and Courtney Grayson, graysoncb@state.gov. ____________________________________________________________________ 03/12/2025 Amendment 1 does the following: 1. Provide answers to the questions received. The questions and answers are provided via J-Attachment 12. 2. Update the Request for Proposal (Sections B-M). 3. Update Section J-Attachments which include J-1; J-9; J-10; J-11 and J-12. 4. Extend the due date for offerors to respond to this solicitation. The new due date/time is May 6th, 2025, 14:00 EDT. 5. While the Government has highlighted changes in red, Offerors are responsible for reviewing the entire solicitation to ensure they are aware of and comply with all current terms and conditions, as not all changes may be captured in red. ____________________________________________________________________ The Global Advisory 19AQMM25R0019 Request for Proposals (RFP) is attached. Instructions for Q&A is located in Section L.13. Also included is all Global Advisory Section J Attachments as follows: J-1 Labor Category Descriptions J-2 NTE Fully-Loaded Hourly Labor Rates (NOT INCLUDED in RFP/to be provided/inserted at IDIQ award). J-3 Equipment Specifications J-4 NTE Equipment Unit Prices (NOT INCLUDED in RFP/to be provided/inserted at IDIQ award). J-5 Provisional Billing and Ceiling Indirect Cost Rates (NOT INCLUDED in RFP/to be provided/inserted at IDIQ award). J-6 CLIN Structure J-7 Contract Security Classification Spec (DD Form 254) J-8 Procurement Restrictions Under the Foreign Assistance Act J-9 Past Performance Questionnaire – IDIQ Evaluation Only J-10 Sample Task Order – IDIQ Evaluation Only J-11 Pricing Tables – IDIQ Evaluation Only J-12 Questions and Answers (Q&A) Template J-13 IDIQ Key Personnel Resume Template The primary POC is Taynelle McCloud, mccloudtl@state.gov. Alternate POCs are Robert “Todd” McNelly, mcnellyrt@state.gov and Andrew Lawson lawsonar@state.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Taynelle McCloud
  - Email: mccloudtl@state.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Andrew Lawson
  - Email: LawsonAR@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . 2. Makes several clarifications to the RFP. See the RFP document for specific updates. 3. Update the Request for Proposal (Sections B-M). 4. Update Section J-Attachments which include J-10 and J-12. 5. There is no change to the due date/time. 6. While the Government has highlighted changes in red, Offerors are responsible for reviewing the entire solicitation to ensure they are aware of and comply with all current terms and conditions, as not all changes may be captured in red. The primary POC is Taynelle McCloud, mccloudtl@state.gov. Alternate POCs are Andrew Lawson lawsonar@state.gov and Courtney Grayson, graysoncb@state.gov. ____________________________________________________________________ 03/12/2025 Amendment 1 does the following: 1. Provide answers to the questions received. The questions and answers are provided via J-Attachment 12. 2. Update the Request for Proposal (Sections B-M). 3. Update Section J-Attachments which include J-1; J-9; J-10; J-11 and J-12. 4. Extend the due date for offerors to respond to this solicitation. The new due date/time is May 6th, 2025, 14:00 EDT. 5. While the Government has highlighted changes in red, Offerors are responsible for reviewing the entire solicitation to ensure they are aware of and comply with all current terms and conditions, as not all changes may be captured in red. ____________________________________________________________________ The Global Advisory 19AQMM25R0019 Request for Proposals (RFP) is attached. Instructions for Q&A is located in Section L.13. Also included is all Global Advisory Section J Attachments as follows: J-1 Labor Category Descriptions J-2 NTE Fully-Loaded Hourly Labor Rates (NOT INCLUDED in RFP/to be provided/inserted at IDIQ award). J-3 Equipment Specifications J-4 NTE Equipment Unit Prices (NOT INCLUDED in RFP/to be provided/inserted at IDIQ award). J-5 Provisional Billing and Ceiling Indirect Cost Rates (NOT INCLUDED in RFP/to be provided/inserted at IDIQ award). J-6 CLIN Structure J-7 Contract Security Classification Spec (DD Form 254) J-8 Procurement Restrictions Under the Foreign Assistance Act J-9 Past Performance Questionnaire – IDIQ Evaluation Only J-10 Sample Task Order – IDIQ Evaluation Only J-11 Pricing Tables – IDIQ Evaluation Only J-12 Questions and Answers (Q&A) Template J-13 IDIQ Key Personnel Resume Template The primary POC is Taynelle McCloud, mccloudtl@state.gov. Alternate POCs are Robert “Todd” McNelly, mcnellyrt@state.gov and Andrew Lawson lawsonar@state.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/57f4d548561d4d5993f0f43639d03c6d/view)