---
layout: default
title: Zirconium Hydride
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c34daa8e9a3c4464a9bba3ee63771de4
---

# Zirconium Hydride

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 16:36:53.862-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC-26-Q-ZHYD

## Summary

1. The Army Contracting Command - Rock Island (ACC-RI) issues solicitation W519TC-26-Q-ZHYD in accordance with (IAW) Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12 (Acquisition of Commercial Items) procedures for the procurement of Zirconium Hydride to be utilized at Crane Army Ammunition Activity. 2. This requirement is issued as Full and Open Competition under NAICS code 331492 - Secondary Smelting, Refining, and Alloying of Nonferrous Metal (except Copper and Aluminum); Product Service Code 6810. 3. The description of the requirement is as follows: Zirconium Hydride First Article Testing; Quantity 10 pounds In accordance with MILSPECS MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2, as found in Attachment 0002 – MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2 and Attachment 0003 - Technical Specifications and Packaging Requirements Zirconium Hydride; Quantity 2216 pounds In accordance with MILSPECS: MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2, as found in Attachment 0002 – MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2 and Attachment 0003 - Technical Specifications and Packaging Requirements A Certified Material Analysis is required for each item for each delivery. 4. The quote shall be determined fair and reasonable prior to award, and the contractor needs to provide other than cost and pricing data with the quote so that the Government can make that determination. Clause 52.215-20, Requirements for Certified Cost or Pricing Data and Data Other Than Certified Cost or Pricing Data is applicable. 5. Period of Performance follows (actual dates provided at time of award): Base Year – Award Date – 365 Days After Award (DAA) Option Year 1 – 366 DAA – 731 DAA Option Year 2 – 732 DAA – 1,097 DAA Option Year 3 –1,098 DAA – 1,463 DAA Option Year 4 – 1,464 DAA – 1,829 DAA 6. The Contractor shall perform work in accordance with Attachments 0002 – MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2, Attachment 0003 - Technical Specifications and Packaging Requirements, and 0004 – Evaluation Factor Zirconium Hydride V20260105. 7. Attachments are as follows: Attachment 0001 – Pricing Matrix Attachment 0002 - MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2 Attachment 0003 – Technical Specifications and Packaging Requirements Revised V20260105 Attachment 0004 – Evaluation Factor Zirconium Hydride V20260105 Attachment 0005 - Clause FAR52.223-3 Hazardous Material Identification and Material Safety Data 8. DELIVERY AND LOCATION CLIN Description Delivery Date 0001 First Article Test(FAT) – Zirconium Hydride 3 weeks ARO 0002 Zirconium Hydride 2 weeks AFATA 0002A Zirconium Hydride 366 DAA – 731 DAA 0002B Zirconium Hydride 732 DAA – 1,097 DAA 0002C Zirconium Hydride 1,098 DAA – 1,463 DAA 0002D Zirconium Hydride 1,464 DAA – 1,829 DAA Delivery will be FOB Destination to Crane Army Ammunition Activity, Building B3608 300 Highway 361, Crane, IN 47522-5001, in accordance with the following: Crane Army Ammunition Activity Delivery Instructions: CAAA receiving hours are 0700 – 1430, Mon - Thurs BY APPOINTMENT ONLY; Includes Inert & Freight All Kind (FAK). Appointments shall be made via Carrier Appointment System (CAS). Carriers without access to the CAS System, call (812)854-2199 or (812)854-2339, 48 hours prior to delivery for appointment. Failure to follow the protocol stated herein and/or obtain a scheduled delivery time prior to delivery may result in the truck being turned away. 9. The Point of Contact for this action is Jessica Litwiler, at jessica.m.litwiler.civ@army.mil. NOTES: Contractor is liable for ACCURACY of submitting quote and for any incurred costs if quote was submitted erroneously. Electronic Invoicing instructions shall be provided at time of award. Offers are due 24 APRIL 2026, no later than 12 p.m. Central Time. Offers shall be submitted electronically via email to the Contracting Specialist at jessica.m.litwiler.civ@army.mil. Offerors should include "Response to W519TC- 26-Q-ZHYD within the Subject line. Questions shall be submitted in the same manner as Offers, electronically via email to the Contract Specialist no later than 10 days before solicitation closes, or 15 APRIL 2026 All documents must be emailed together to be considered Note: Questions not received within a reasonable time prior to close of the solicitation may not be considered. Quote submitted in response to this solicitation shall remain valid for 60 days. Contractor must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible for an award with the U.S. Government. Application to this site can be found under the following link: www.sam.gov. Failure to comply with SAM registration may deem a quote ineligible for award. Please provide your CAGE CODE. Please provide your DUNS number. For the contract resulting from this solicitation, the payment will be made by DFAS via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). Although the Government intends to award the resultant contract without discussions, the Government reserves the right to open discussions. This Executive Summary is provided for administrative assistance only and is not intended to alter the terms and conditions of the solicitation in any manner. Provisions of this solicitation and technical data shall prevail over this executive summary. BASIS FOR AWARD The basis for award is Best Value / Fair and Reasonable. Award will be given to the offeror who provides the best value offer, who is deemed responsible, and whose quote conforms to the solicitation requirements (See Attachments 0002, 0003, and 0004). Only those offers determined to be technically acceptable, either initially or because of discussions, will be considered for award. In accordance with FAR 52.212-l(g), the Government intends to award a contract against this solicitation without discussions, however, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if determined necessary by the Contacting Officer. SOLICITATION PROVISIONS-Addendum to 52.212-1 The following Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) provisions apply and are incorporated by reference {provisions may be obtained via the internet at http://www.acquisition.gov): FAR 52.212-1- Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.204-07, System for Award Management FAR 52.204-22, Alternative Line-Item Proposal. FAR 52.204-26, Covered Telecommunications Equipment or ServicesRepresentation FAR 52.225-25, Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certification SOLICITATION FAR PROVISIONS - by Reference: FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Code Maintenance FAR 52.216-31 Time-and-Materials/Labor-Hour Proposal Requirements – Commercial Acquisition FAR 217-5, Evaluation of Options FAR 52.222-46, Evaluation of Compensation for Professional Employees DFARS 252.203-7005, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls DFARS 252.204-7017, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services Representation. DFARS 252.204-7019, NOTICE OF NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENT DFARS 252.225-7055, Representation Regarding Business with the Maduro Regime. SOLICITATION PROVISIONS IN FULL TEXT-Addendum to 52.212-1 FAR 52.212-3 Alt I - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Commercial Services -Alt I SOLICITATION CLAUSES BY REFERENCE: -Addendum to 52.212-4 The following Federal Acquisition Regulations {FAR), and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clauses apply and are incorporated by reference (clauses may be obtained via the internet at http://www.acquisition.gov): FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance FAR 52.204-19, Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications FAR 52.228-05, Insurance-Work on a Government Installation FAR 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.237-02, Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation FAR 52.247-34, F.O.B. Destination DFARS 252.204-7000, Disclosure of Information DFARS 204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Code Maintenance DFARS 252.203-7005, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls DFARS 252.204-7017, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services Representation. DFARS 252.204-7019, NOTICE OF NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENT SOLICITATION PROVISIONS IN FULL TEXT -Addendum to 52.212-1 FAR 52.204-24, Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. FAR 52.212-3 Alt I - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Commercial Services -Alt I SOLICITATION CLAUSES BY REFERENCE: -Addendum to 52.212-4 The following Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clauses apply and are incorporated by reference (clauses may be obtained via the internet at http://www.acquisition.gov): FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance FAR 52.204-14 Service Contract Reporting Requirements FAR 52.204-19, Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications FAR 52.217-08, Option to Extend Services FAR 52.218-09, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract FAR 52.232-1, Payments FAR 52.232-7, Payments under Time-and-Materials and Labor-Hour Contracts FAR 52.232-25, Prompt Payment FAR 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.243-1, Changes-Fixed-Price FAR 52.243-3, Changes-Time-and-Materials or Labor-Hours FAR 52.247-28, Contractor’s Invoices FAR 52.247-34, F.O.B. Destination DFARS 252.204-7000, Disclosure of Information DFARS 204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product DFARS 204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENT DFARS 252-225-7002, Qualifying Countries as Subcontractors SOLICITATION FAR CLAUSES - by Reference: Per FAR 52.252-2, This solicitation incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available, provisions may be accessed electronically at http://www.acquistion.gov. FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Code Maintenance FAR 52.204-20, Predecessor of Offeror FAR 52.204-21, Basic Safeguarding of Covered contractor Information Systems. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items DFARS 252.203-7000, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7002, Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DFARS 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting DFARS 252.204-7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support DFARS 252.204-7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services. DFARS 252.213-7000, Notice to Prospective Suppliers on Use of Supplier Performance Risk System in Past Performance Evaluations DFARS 252.223-7008, Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium. DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American and Balance of Payment Program DFARS 252-225-7002, Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors DFARS 252.225-7048, Export-Controlled Items. DFARS 252.225-7056, Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DFARS 252.232-7006, Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.232-7011, Payments in Support of Emergencies and Contingency Operations DFARS 252.232-7017, Accelerating Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Prohibition on Fees and Consideration. DFARS 252.244-7000, Subcontracts for Commercial Items and Commercial Components (DoD Contracts) DFARS 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea END OF ADDENDUM 52.212-4

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jessica Litwiler
  - Email: jessica.m.litwiler.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Bryce Willett
  - Email: bryce.t.willett.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2 and Attachment 0003 - Technical Specifications and Packaging Requirements Zirconium Hydride; Quantity 2216 pounds In accordance with MILSPECS: MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2, as found in Attachment 0002 – MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2 and Attachment 0003 - Technical Specifications and Packaging Requirements A Certified Material Analysis is required for each item for each delivery. 4. The quote shall be determined fair and reasonable prior to award, and the contractor needs to provide other than cost and pricing data with the quote so that the Government can make that determination. Clause 52.215-20, Requirements for Certified Cost or Pricing Data and Data Other Than Certified Cost or Pricing Data is applicable. 5. Period of Performance follows (actual dates provided at time of award): Base Year – Award Date – 365 Days After Award (DAA) Option Year 1 – 366 DAA – 731 DAA Option Year 2 – 732 DAA – 1,097 DAA Option Year 3 –1,098 DAA – 1,463 DAA Option Year 4 – 1,464 DAA – 1,829 DAA 6. The Contractor shall perform work in accordance with Attachments 0002 – MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2, Attachment 0003 - Technical Specifications and Packaging Requirements, and 0004 – Evaluation Factor Zirconium Hydride V20260105. 7. Attachments are as follows: Attachment 0001 – Pricing Matrix Attachment 0002 - MIL-Z-21353 ZrH2 Attachment 0003 – Technical Specifications and Packaging Requirements Revised V20260105 Attachment 0004 – Evaluation Factor Zirconium Hydride V20260105 Attachment 0005 - Clause FAR52.223-3 Hazardous Material Identification and Material Safety Data 8. DELIVERY AND LOCATION CLIN Description Delivery Date 0001 First Article Test(FAT) – Zirconium Hydride 3 weeks ARO 0002 Zirconium Hydride 2 weeks AFATA 0002A Zirconium Hydride 366 DAA – 731 DAA 0002B Zirconium Hydride 732 DAA – 1,097 DAA 0002C Zirconium Hydride 1,098 DAA – 1,463 DAA 0002D Zirconium Hydride 1,464 DAA – 1,829 DAA Delivery will be FOB Destination to Crane Army Ammunition Activity, Building B3608 300 Highway 361, Crane, IN 47522-5001, in accordance with the following: Crane Army Ammunition Activity Delivery Instructions: CAAA receiving hours are 0700 – 1430, Mon - Thurs BY APPOINTMENT ONLY; Includes Inert & Freight All Kind (FAK). Appointments shall be made via Carrier Appointment System (CAS). Carriers without access to the CAS System, call (812)854-2199 or (812)854-2339, 48 hours prior to delivery for appointment. Failure to follow the protocol stated herein and/or obtain a scheduled delivery time prior to delivery may result in the truck being turned away. 9. The Point of Contact for this action is Jessica Litwiler, at jessica.m.litwiler.civ@army.mil. NOTES: Contractor is liable for ACCURACY of submitting quote and for any incurred costs if quote was submitted erroneously. Electronic Invoicing instructions shall be provided at time of award. Offers are due 24 APRIL 2026, no later than 12 p.m. Central Time. Offers shall be submitted electronically via email to the Contracting Specialist at jessica.m.litwiler.civ@army.mil. Offerors should include "Response to W519TC- 26-Q-ZHYD within the Subject line. Questions shall be submitted in the same manner as Offers, electronically via email to the Contract Specialist no later than 10 days before solicitation closes, or 15 APRIL 2026 All documents must be emailed together to be considered Note: Questions not received within a reasonable time prior to close of the solicitation may not be considered. Quote submitted in response to this solicitation shall remain valid for 60 days. Contractor must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible for an award with the U.S. Government. Application to this site can be found under the following link: www.sam.gov. Failure to comply with SAM registration may deem a quote ineligible for award. Please provide your CAGE CODE. Please provide your DUNS number. For the contract resulting from this solicitation, the payment will be made by DFAS via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). Although the Government intends to award the resultant contract without discussions, the Government reserves the right to open discussions. This Executive Summary is provided for administrative assistance only and is not intended to alter the terms and conditions of the solicitation in any manner. Provisions of this solicitation and technical data shall prevail over this executive summary. BASIS FOR AWARD The basis for award is Best Value / Fair and Reasonable. Award will be given to the offeror who provides the best value offer, who is deemed responsible, and whose quote conforms to the solicitation requirements (See Attachments 0002, 0003, and 0004). Only those offers determined to be technically acceptable, either initially or because of discussions, will be considered for award. In accordance with FAR 52.212-l(g), the Government intends to award a contract against this solicitation without discussions, however, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if determined necessary by the Contacting Officer. SOLICITATION PROVISIONS-Addendum to 52.212-1 The following Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) provisions apply and are incorporated by reference {provisions may be obtained via the internet at http://www.acquisition.gov): FAR 52.212-1- Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.204-07, System for Award Management FAR 52.204-22, Alternative Line-Item Proposal. FAR 52.204-26, Covered Telecommunications Equipment or ServicesRepresentation FAR 52.225-25, Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certification SOLICITATION FAR PROVISIONS - by Reference: FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Code Maintenance FAR 52.216-31 Time-and-Materials/Labor-Hour Proposal Requirements – Commercial Acquisition FAR 217-5, Evaluation of Options FAR 52.222-46, Evaluation of Compensation for Professional Employees DFARS 252.203-7005, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls DFARS 252.204-7017, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services Representation. DFARS 252.204-7019, NOTICE OF NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENT DFARS 252.225-7055, Representation Regarding Business with the Maduro Regime. SOLICITATION PROVISIONS IN FULL TEXT-Addendum to 52.212-1 FAR 52.212-3 Alt I - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Commercial Services -Alt I SOLICITATION CLAUSES BY REFERENCE: -Addendum to 52.212-4 The following Federal Acquisition Regulations {FAR), and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clauses apply and are incorporated by reference (clauses may be obtained via the internet at http://www.acquisition.gov): FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance FAR 52.204-19, Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications FAR 52.228-05, Insurance-Work on a Government Installation FAR 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.237-02, Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation FAR 52.247-34, F.O.B. Destination DFARS 252.204-7000, Disclosure of Information DFARS 204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Code Maintenance DFARS 252.203-7005, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls DFARS 252.204-7017, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services Representation. DFARS 252.204-7019, NOTICE OF NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENT SOLICITATION PROVISIONS IN FULL TEXT -Addendum to 52.212-1 FAR 52.204-24, Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. FAR 52.212-3 Alt I - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Commercial Services -Alt I SOLICITATION CLAUSES BY REFERENCE: -Addendum to 52.212-4 The following Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clauses apply and are incorporated by reference (clauses may be obtained via the internet at http://www.acquisition.gov): FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance FAR 52.204-14 Service Contract Reporting Requirements FAR 52.204-19, Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications FAR 52.217-08, Option to Extend Services FAR 52.218-09, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract FAR 52.232-1, Payments FAR 52.232-7, Payments under Time-and-Materials and Labor-Hour Contracts FAR 52.232-25, Prompt Payment FAR 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.243-1, Changes-Fixed-Price FAR 52.243-3, Changes-Time-and-Materials or Labor-Hours FAR 52.247-28, Contractor’s Invoices FAR 52.247-34, F.O.B. Destination DFARS 252.204-7000, Disclosure of Information DFARS 204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product DFARS 204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENT DFARS 252-225-7002, Qualifying Countries as Subcontractors SOLICITATION FAR CLAUSES - by Reference: Per FAR 52.252-2, This solicitation incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available, provisions may be accessed electronically at http://www.acquistion.gov. FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Code Maintenance FAR 52.204-20, Predecessor of Offeror FAR 52.204-21, Basic Safeguarding of Covered contractor Information Systems. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items DFARS 252.203-7000, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7002, Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DFARS 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting DFARS 252.204-7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support DFARS 252.204-7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services. DFARS 252.213-7000, Notice to Prospective Suppliers on Use of Supplier Performance Risk System in Past Performance Evaluations DFARS 252.223-7008, Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium. DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American and Balance of Payment Program DFARS 252-225-7002, Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors DFARS 252.225-7048, Export-Controlled Items. DFARS 252.225-7056, Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DFARS 252.232-7006, Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.232-7011, Payments in Support of Emergencies and Contingency Operations DFARS 252.232-7017, Accelerating Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Prohibition on Fees and Consideration. DFARS 252.244-7000, Subcontracts for Commercial Items and Commercial Components (DoD Contracts) DFARS 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea END OF ADDENDUM 52.212-4

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c34daa8e9a3c4464a9bba3ee63771de4/view)