---
layout: default
title: PrograMill Dry Mill System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e644639d27774536ae0a8134b611ef7f
---

# PrograMill Dry Mill System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 15:39:04.123-04
- Solicitation Number: PANHCA26029764

## Summary

The Medical Readiness Contracting Office - West (MRCO-W) has an upcoming requirement for PrograMill Dry Mill System, for US Army Dental Laboratory, Eisenhower Army Medical Center, (EAMC), 300 East Hospital Rd, Fort Gordon, GA 30905. The Government anticipates awarding a Firm Fixed-Price purchase order for this requirement. The proposed North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 339114 - Dental Equipment and Supplies Manufacturing, business size standard of 750 employees. Responses to the Sources Sought Notice should demonstrate the firm's ability, capability, and responsibility in providing the items listed above. Do not submit pricing information in response to this Sources Sought. Interested sources should submit a Statement of Capability (3-page limit) detailing their capability to provide the surgical equipment requested to Brooke Army Medical Center (JBSA Fort Sam Houston, TX). Additionally, please provide the following information: 1) Organization's name, CAGE code, address, point of contact, phone number, and e-mail address. Please advise if the requirement can be met through a contract vehicle the source already has (i.e. VA FSS contract number). Contractors responding to this sources sought notice are advised their response does not ensure participation in future solicitations or contract awards. The Government will not reimburse any company or individual for any expense associated with preparation or participation in this research. Interested parties should e-mail responses to derrick.j.johnson2.civ@health.mil SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS Item: PrograMill Dry Mill System Manufacturer/Vendor: Ivoclar Vivadent Model: Item no. 746260 Quantity/Period of Performance: 1 EA Purchase Method: One-time buy, to include 4-option-year service contract. Performance: Software with very short calculation times and a 5-axis simultaneous control of the mill. The intelligent CAM output format creates the bridge between CAD and CAM software. Various data, e.g. types of restoration, material and milling parameters, are transferred seamlessly from the CAD software to the CAM software. This system takes the material properties into account and calculates the milling strategy based on the specific material used resulting in highly accurate and efficient milling of external and internal contours, and preparation margins. General Field of Application: Dry machining of various materials such as resins, wax, and zirconia in the form of circular discs (max height 40 mm, 98.5 to 98.8 mm diameter) to fabricate a variety of dental restorations (inlays, onlays, crowns, bridges, and dentures). Features: Compatibility with the ADL currently owned CAD/CAM equipment with seamless integration into our current CAD/CAM workflows. Ability to dry mill zirconia, polymethylmethacrylates (resins), and wax. Compact size (footprints less than 18 x 15 inches), 5 axes (3 linear and 2 rotational), USB connection, external compressed air supply, free disc fixing system (98.5 to 98.8 mm diameter), Ivotion denture holder, and automatic tool changer. A wide selection of tools for a variety of processing possibilities. Tools are specifically designed for different CAD/CAM materials and color coded by means of a ring on the shaft. Every color represents a different material. Color coding allows for intuitive and easy tool management. BASE SYSTEM: Construction machine bed made of solid cast aluminum body. Sheet steel housing, white high-gloss lacquer finish with working chamber flap and accessories drawer. Five axes – 3 linear (X/Y/Z) and 2 rotational (A/B). An axis: precision ball screws, rolled version, motors with resolution < 1 ?m, ground precision guides made of high-alloyed steel, repetition accuracy ± 0.003 mm, backlash-free Harmonic-Drive with highest concentricity, rotation angle of 360°, infinite rotary axis. B-axis: precision ball screw with rotary transmission, angle of rotation of ± 35° axis arrangement in the work piece control unit. 5-axis simultaneous control electronics with continuous path progression and dynamic pre-calculation. Hardware-based real-time operating system with standardized instruction set. FPGA-integrated processors. Updateable hardware. Real-time path calculation via dedicated hardware engines in the FPGA. Four-quadrant control of the motors for particularly smooth running. Multiple analogues and digital I/Os for controlling the peripherals. Integrated inverter for synchronous and asynchronous motors, electronic gate detection. Ethernet and USB interface. RGB LED lighting with status display in the working chamber. ACCURACY: 3 ?m repetition accuracy. Premium spindle with 4-fold hybrid ceramic ball bearings for highest running accuracy. Solid cast body for the lowest vibrations. SPINDLE: High-frequency spindle, synchronous with pneumatic tool clamping sealing air to prevent debris from entering. Automatic cone cleaning. Speed up to 60,000 rpm. Peak power (Pmax) of 500 watts. Nominal power (S6) of 450 watts. Continuous power (S1) of 300 watts. 4-fold hybrid ceramic ball bearing with concentricity deviation at inner cone < 3 ?m. Stainless steel collet for tools with 3 mm shank diameter and max. 40 mm total length. AUTOMATION: Tool magazine for 16 tools. Tool length measurement and tool breakage monitoring via precision measuring key. Access via working chamber flap with safety lock. PROCESSING MODES: Dry processing with air nozzles on the spindle hose connection for external suction unit on the side of the housing. Vacuum sensor for monitoring the suction unit. 24 V switch output for controlling suction units. CONNECTION REQUIREMENTS: Compressed air 6 to 8 bar with air purity according to ISO 8573-1:2010. Hose connection for external air extraction system 45 mm in diameter. Power: 100-240 volts, 50/60 Hz, 640 watts. Extraction filter class M with 2500 l/min extraction capacity at 220 hPA. USB port

2.0 B. Data 10/100/1000 Mbit/s BaseT port (auto-sensing). Ethernet via RJ-45 socket. ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS: Operating temperature between 10 °C and 35 °C. Air moisture Max. 80 % (relative), non-condensing. DIMENSIONS & WEIGHTS: Dimensions (W/D/H) 450 × 545 × 630 mm with closed flap and drawer 450 × 695 × 680 mm with open flap and drawer. Footprint (W/D) 375 × 260 mm. Weight 91 kg. SCOPE OF DELIVERY: PrograMill Dry machine PrograMill Suction Unit Adapter connection to suction unit PrograMill/PrograPrint PC Monitor widescreen PrograMill CAM Set with RFID-Reader Control cable Keyboard Spindle service set Power cable USB cable Key for the emergency release of the working chamber door Pneumatic hose Administrated tool board (ATB) in the accessory’s container Cleaning brush for the material holder Crevice nozzle for cleaning the working chamber Compressed air regulator Calibration set: 1 micrometer, 3 calibration discs for manufacturing test and calibration specimen Radius cutter with 2 teeth (P200-R2-40) Measuring pin 2 tool magazine inserts Drill bit (2.8 mm) for tool positions Carrying aid for transporting the machine Transport lock in the working chamber Supplement about removing the carrying aid and transport lock 4 spare screws for the tool magazine cover Zirconium oxide tools Operating manual. Regulatory Body Approvals or Certifications: N/A. Intended Service: Mill zirconia, polymethylmethacrylates (resins), and wax to fabricate various types of dental restorations to include inlays, onlays, crowns, bridges, and complete dentures. Services: This machine will require annual maintenance. Three-year service contract to be purchased. Indication: This mill and software are compatible with our currently owned CADCAM systems. This acquisition is to maintain and enhance our current milling capabilities to ensure uninterrupted production of dental prostheses in support of the entire Army Dental Corps. This equipment will be used to mill zirconia, polymethylmethacrylates (resins), and wax to fabricate various types of dental restorations.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Derrick J Johnson
  - Email: derrick.j.johnson2.civ@mail.mil
  - Phone: 2108085830

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e644639d27774536ae0a8134b611ef7f/view)