---
layout: default
title: 6515--Bedford Ceiling Lift Upgrade
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f78a28bcdf344c2cae770ad96d2a39cb
---

# 6515--Bedford Ceiling Lift Upgrade

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 07:27:44.064-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0399
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY: This announcement seeks information from the industry, which will be used for preliminary planning purposes for procurement. No proposals are being requested or accepted with this synopsis. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT SHALL BE AWARDED FROM THIS SYNOPSIS. THIS IS STRICTLY MARKET RESEARCH. Upgrade Guldmann Ceiling Lifts at Beford VAMC The purpose of this synopsis is to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of various members of industry, who have the capability to provide Guldmann Lifts, Tracks, hardware, installation and training in accordance with Performance Work Statement below. All interested firms must be registered in SAM (System for Award Management) to be eligible for the award of Government contracts. Interested parties responding to this Sources Sought request shall submit the following information at a minimum: (1) Company name and address point of contact with phone number and SAM UEI. (2) Documentation relating to performance capability, current point of contact, and phone number). (3) Socio-economic status to identify the business class as a large business, SDVOSB, VOSB, small business, Woman Owned, etc. (4) Place of manufacture (5) Any other pertinent company documentation prior to submission of offers to a solicitation. Any SD/VOSB firms responding to this Sources Sought Notice must also provide proof of registration in the SBA Vet Cert prior to submitting offers to a solicitation. This market research is for informational and planning purposes. This is not a solicitation and does not obligate the Government to issue a solicitation. Please be advised that the government will not pay any costs for responses and information submitted. All submissions are acceptable via email to kurt.fritz@va.gov. RESULTS INFORMATION: Respondents will not be notified of the results, and it is at the discretion of the Government to utilize results. Firms responding to this Sources Sought announcement, who fail to meet all requirements as stated above, and who fail to provide ALL the required information requested, will not be used to help the Government make the acquisition decision, which is the intent of this sources sought announcement. Performance Work Statement SCOPE OF WORK: The Contractor must provide all labor, personnel, equipment, tools, materials, software, supervision and other items and services necessary to perform the following: Upgrade of 25 Ceiling Lift systems at Bedford VAMC, including motor, rails, and all infrastructure securing the rails to Guldmann GH3+ systems Lifts shall have a scale that is internal to the motor to allow for maximum maneuverability and convenience when moving system over patient furniture Lifts shall come with a hand control that has a screen that can display the weight measured on the scale in addition to information about the lift, such as settings and maintenance requirements One of the rooms (227F-78) requires the trainer module feature to allow for gait training in rehabilitation Lifts must be able to lift at a speed of 2.2 inches per second or better BACKGROUND Bedford VAMC is seeking to replace 25 ceiling lift systems that have surpassed the end of their service life. Overhead ceiling lifts are used to safely transport patients from one area to another. OBJECTIVE The objective of this requirement is to establish a firm fixed price contract that will provide the equipment, parts, accessories, and services required to procure and install 25 replacement ceiling lift systems. AREAS TO BE SERVICED Edith Nourse Rogers Memorial Veterans Hospital Bedford VA Medical Center 200 Springs Rd Bedford, MA 01730 EQUIPMENT TO BE REPLACED EE number Location Asset Manufacturer 38122 156-4-518 GULDMANN INC 45969 271-4-518 ARJOHUNTLEIGH INC 45962 171-4-518 ARJOHUNTLEIGH INC 59330 171-4-518 ARJOHUNTLEIGH INC 38109 231-62-518 GULDMANN INC 38115 113-62-518 GULDMANN INC 38128 107-62-518 GULDMANN INC 38131 207-62-518 GULDMANN INC 38133 212-62-518 GULDMANN INC 38143 229-62-518 GULDMANN INC 41036 203-62-518 GULDMANN INC 38129 129-62-518 GULDMANN INC 45961 109-62-518 ARJOHUNTLEIGH INC 38134 247-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38136 227B-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38135 227F-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38141 269-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38140 269-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38144 272-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38121 272-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38142 270-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38139 271-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38121 272-78-518 GULDMANN INC 38124 136-62-518 GULDMANN INC 38116 170-4-518 GULDMANN INC SPECIFIC TASKS Implementation services must include the following: A project manager Detailed project timeline with defined roles and responsibilities (including vendor and VA resources) On-site installation coordination of all equipment and accessories, a training plan, and schedule for go-live The contractor must develop a detailed structural design and drawing document for each room prior to installation. All structural design and drawings must follow: (1) Department of Veterans Affairs, VHA Directive 2005-019, May 19, 2005 (2) Department of Veterans Affairs, Specifications SECTION 13 05 41 SEISMIC RESTRAINT REQUIREMENTS FOR NO -STRUCTURAL COMPONENTS (3) Strategic Management Office, Seismic Design Requirements H-18-8, Nov 2019 Revised May 2020. The contractor must revise the structural design and drawing document if instructed to do so by the VA Medical Center. Materials must be new equipment, parts and accessories as specified in this PWS. The vendor must deliver materials to the job site in original equipment manufacturer s (OEM) original unopened containers, clearly labeled with the OEM s name, equipment model and serial identification numbers, delivery order number, and VA purchase order number. The vendor is responsible for inventorying materials prior to delivery to VA sites to check for accuracy in quantity and part number. All on-site installation services must be vendor-provided by technical staff (not sales reps) fully trained to service and install Guldmann products, parts, and accessories as specified. The vendor must provide, maintain, and dispose all material waste and packaging associated with the Guldmann products and/or waste generated during the installation services. The vendor will be responsible for moving waste materials from job site(s) to a vendor-provided waste container, and then off-site. The vendor must provide the following documentation for the proposed Guldmann configuration and setup: Hard and soft copy of operator s manual Hard and soft copy of technical service manuals including troubleshooting guides, necessary diagnostic software and equipment, schematic diagrams, and parts lists DVD or web-based training if available INSTALLATION The Contractor must provide all labor, materials, tools, equipment and software to prepare for and complete the installation of the equipment in the space determined by the Government. Installation dates are to be coordinated in advance with the Contractor and the Bedford VA Medical Center s Healthcare Technology Management service. All employees of the Contractor and subcontractors must comply with VA security management program and obtain the permission of the VA police, be identified by project and employer, and restricted from unauthorized access. All installation personnel must be trained by the manufacturer on how to properly install the equipment. Resumes and certifications must be submitted for review prior to installation. The Contractor must request information regarding determined installation space construction such as wall blocking and/or stud placement, room dimensions, finish materials, etc. as required to complete a safe and functional installation. The Contractor must communicate the estimated noise level produced during the installation process to the Bedford VA Medical Center prior to the start of installation. The Contractor must modify equipment, tools, etc. used during installation and/or installation time of day to ensure the estimated noise level is within the acceptable threshold as communicated by the Government. The Contractor must be responsible for the safe removal and disposal of all packing materials and related waste generated during installation. TRAINING The Contractor must provide a comprehensive onsite training program for the operating clinicians as required. This training program must include at the minimum the following sessions: (i) Technical Training, (ii) Operational Training, (iii) Administrative Training, and (iv) Hardware and Software Trouble-shooting. Training must occur onsite during normal business hours, 8:00am-4:30pm, Monday through Friday. Competency assessments must be provided with the training. Onsite training is to be scheduled in advance with the Bedford VA Medical Center s Healthcare Technology Management Service. TASK FREQUENCY AND INSTRUCTIONS The work set forth in the Scope of Work must be completed in a single visit, be it a single day or multiple days as required for appropriate completion. All work is to be scheduled in advance with the Bedford VA Medical Center s Healthcare Technology Management Service. Installation and configuration and training must occur on the same day determined in advance by the Contractor and the Bedford VA Medical Center s Healthcare Technology Management Service. SPECIAL WORK REQUIREMENTS The Contractor must comply with any and all Infection Control Risk Assessment requirements deemed appropriate by the Bedford VA Medical Center during all portions of the work set forth in the Scope of Work. The Contractor must comply with security, privacy, and safety issues in accordance to VA standards, policies, and directives set forth at all times while providing the work outlined in the Scope of Work. PROPERTY DAMAGE The contractor must take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any government property. The contractor must report any damages immediately and must be assessed current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor, unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (e.g. trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer. IDENTIFICATION, PARKING, SMOKING, CELLULAR PHONE USE AND VA REGULATIONS The contractor's employees must wear visible identification at all times while on the premises of the VA property. It is the responsibility of the contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Information on parking is available from the VA Police-Security Service. The VA will not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking violations of the contractor under any conditions. Smoking is prohibited inside any buildings at the VA. Cellular phones and two-way radios are not to be used within six feet of any medical equipment. Possession of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, must be subject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in a citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district state, or municipal court. COMPLIANCE WITH OSHA BLOODBORNE PATHOGENS STANDARD The contractor must comply with the Federal OSHA Blood borne Pathogens Standard. The contractor must: Have methods by which all employees are educated as to risks associated with blood borne pathogens. Have policies and procedures which reduce the risk of employee exposure to blood borne pathogens. Have mechanisms for employee counseling and treatment following exposure to blood borne pathogens. Provide appropriate personal protective equipment/clothing such as gloves, gowns, masks, protective eyewear, and mouthpieces for the employee during performance of the contract. RECORDS MANAGEMENT LANGUAGE FOR PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT (PWS) The following standard items relate to records generated in executing the contract and should be included in a typical procurement contract: 1. Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C chapters 21, 29, 31 and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. 2. Contractor must treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency must have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. 3. Contractor must not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. 4. Contractor must not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. 5. Contractor must not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. 6. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. 7. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. 8. Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. 9. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information. SECURITY LANGUAGE FOR SCOPE OF WORK 1.General Contractors, contractor personnel, subcontractors, and subcontractor personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks as VA and VA personnel regarding information and information system security. 2. ACCESS TO VA INFORMATION AND VA INFORMATION SYSTEMS a. A contractor/subcontractor shall request logical (technical) or physical access to VA information and VA information systems for their employees, subcontractors, and affiliates only to the extent necessary to perform the services specified in the contract, agreement, or task order. b. All contractors, subcontractors, and third-party servicers and associates working with VA information are subject to the same investigative requirements as those of VA appointees or employees who have access to the same types of information. The level and process of background security investigations for contractors shall be in accordance with VA Directive and Handbook 0710, Personnel Suitability and Security Program. The Office for Operations, Security, and Preparedness is responsible for these policies and procedures. c. Contract personnel who require access to national security programs shall have a valid security clearance. National Industrial Security Program (NISP) was established by Executive Order 12829 to ensure that cleared U.S. defense industry contract personnel safeguard the classified information in their possession while performing work on contracts, programs, bids, or research and development efforts. The Department of Veterans Affairs does not have a Memorandum of Agreement with Defense Security Service (DSS). Verification of a Security Clearance shall be processed through the Special Security Officer located in the Planning and National Security Service within the Office of Operations, Security, and Preparedness. d. Custom software development and outsourced operations shall be located in the U.S. to the maximum extent practical. If such services are proposed to be performed abroad and are not disallowed by other VA policy or mandates, the contractor/subcontractor shall state where all non-U.S. services are provided and detail a security plan, deemed to be acceptable by VA, specifically to address mitigation of the resulting problems of communication, control, data protection, and so forth. Location within the U.S. may be an evaluation factor. e. The contractor or subcontractor shall notify the Contracting Officer immediately when an employee working on a VA system or with access to VA information is reassigned or leaves the contractor or subcontractor s employ. The Contracting Officer shall also be notified immediately by the contractor or subcontractor prior to an unfriendly termination. 3. VA INFORMATION CUSTODIAL LANGUAGE a. Information made available to the contractor or subcontractor by VA for the performance or administration of this contract or information developed by the contractor/subcontractor in performance or administration of the contract shall be used only for those purposes and shall not be used in any other way without the prior written agreement of the VA. This clause expressly limits the contractor/subcontractor's rights to use data as described in Rights in Data - General, FAR 52.227-14(d) (1). b. VA information should not be co-mingled, if possible, with any other data on the contractors/subcontractor s information systems or media storage systems in order to ensure VA requirements related to data protection and media sanitization can be met. If co-mingling shall be allowed to meet the requirements of the business need, the contractor shall ensure that VA s information is returned to the VA or destroyed in accordance with VA s sanitization requirements. VA reserves the right to conduct on-site inspections of contractor and subcontractor IT resources to ensure data security controls, separation of data and job duties, and destruction/media sanitization procedures are in compliance with VA directive requirements. c. Prior to termination or completion of this contract, contractor/subcontractor shall not destroy information received from VA, or gathered/created by the contractor in the course of performing this contract without prior written approval by the VA. Any data destruction done on behalf of VA by a contractor/subcontractor shall be done in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) requirements as outlined in VA Directive 6300, Records and Information Management and its Handbook

6300.1 Records Management Procedures, applicable VA Records Control Schedules, and VA Handbook 6500.1, Electronic Media Sanitization. Self-certification by the contractor that the data destruction requirements above have been met shall be sent to the VA Contracting Officer within 30 days of termination of the contract. d. The contractor/subcontractor shall receive, gather, store, back up, maintain, use, disclose and dispose of VA information only in compliance with the terms of the contract and applicable Federal and VA information confidentiality and security laws, regulations and policies. If Federal or VA information confidentiality and security laws, regulations and policies become applicable to the VA information or information systems after execution of the contract, or if NIST issues or updates applicable FIPS or Special Publications (SP) after execution of this contract, the parties agree to negotiate in good faith to implement the information confidentiality and security laws, regulations and policies in this contract. e. The contractor/subcontractor shall not make copies of VA information except as authorized and necessary to perform the terms of the agreement or to preserve electronic information stored on contractor/subcontractor electronic storage media for restoration in case any electronic equipment or data used by the contractor/subcontractor needs to be restored to an operating state. If copies are made for restoration purposes, after the restoration is complete, the copies shall be appropriately destroyed. f. If VA determines that the contractor has violated any of the information confidentiality, privacy, and security provisions of the contract, it shall be sufficient grounds for VA to withhold payment to the contractor or third party or terminate the contract for default or terminate for cause under Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 12. g. If a VHA contract is terminated for cause, the associated BAA shall also be terminated and appropriate actions taken in accordance with VHA Handbook 1600.01, Business Associate Agreements. Absent an agreement to use or disclose protected health information, there is no business associate relationship. h. The contractor/subcontractor shall store, transport, or transmit VA sensitive information in an encrypted form, using VA-approved encryption tools that are, at a minimum, FIPS 140-2 validated. i. The contractor/subcontractor s firewall and Web services security controls, if applicable, shall meet or exceed VA s minimum requirements. VA Configuration Guidelines are available upon request. j. Except for uses and disclosures of VA information authorized by this contract for performance of the contract, the contractor/subcontractor may use and disclose VA information only in two other situations: (i) in response to a qualifying order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or (ii) with VA s prior written approval. The contractor/subcontractor shall refer all requests for, demands for production of, or inquiries about, VA information and information systems to the VA contracting officer for response. k. Notwithstanding the provision above, the contractor/subcontractor shall not release VA records protected by Title 38 U.S.C. 5705, confidentiality of medical quality assurance records and/or Title 38 U.S.C. 7332, confidentiality of certain health records pertaining to drug addiction, sickle cell anemia, alcoholism or alcohol abuse, or infection with human immunodeficiency virus. If the contractor/subcontractor is in receipt of a court order or other requests for the above mentioned information, that contractor/subcontractor shall immediately refer such court orders or other requests to the VA contracting officer for response. l. For service that involves the storage, generating, transmitting, or exchanging of VA sensitive information but does not require C&A or an MOU-ISA for system interconnection, the contractor/subcontractor shall complete a Contractor Security Control Assessment (CSCA) on a yearly basis and provide it to the COTR. 6. SECURITY INCIDENT INVESTIGATION a. The term security incident means an event that has, or could have, resulted in unauthorized access to, loss or damage to VA assets, or sensitive information, or an action that breaches VA security procedures. The contractor/subcontractor shall immediately notify the COTR and simultaneously, the designated ISO and Privacy Officer for the contract of any known or suspected security/privacy incidents, or any unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information, including that contained in system(s) to which the contractor/subcontractor has access. b. To the extent known by the contractor/subcontractor, the contractor/subcontractor s notice to VA shall identify the information involved, the circumstances surrounding the incident (including to whom, how, when, and where the VA information or assets were placed at risk or compromised), and any other information that the contractor/subcontractor considers relevant. c. With respect to unsecured protected health information, the business associate is deemed to have discovered a data breach when the business associate knew or should have known of a breach of such information. Upon discovery, the business associate shall notify the covered entity of the breach. Notifications need to be made in accordance with the executed business associate agreement. d. In instances of theft or break-in or other criminal activity, the contractor/subcontractor shall concurrently report the incident to the appropriate law enforcement entity (or entities) of jurisdiction, including the VA OIG and Security and Law Enforcement. The contractor, its employees, and its subcontractors and their employees shall cooperate with VA and any law enforcement authority responsible for the investigation and prosecution of any possible criminal violations associated with any incident. The contractor/subcontractor shall cooperate with VA in any civil litigation to recover VA information, obtain monetary or other compensation from a third party for damages arising from any incident, or obtain injunctive relief against any third party arising from, or related to, the incident. 7. LIQUIDATED DAMAGES FOR DATA BREACH a. Consistent with the requirements of 38 U.S.C. §5725, a contract may require access to sensitive personal information. If so, the contractor is liable to VA for liquidated damages in the event of a data breach or privacy incident involving any SPI the contractor/subcontractor processes or maintains under this contract. b. The contractor/subcontractor shall provide notice to VA of a security incident as set forth in the Security Incident Investigation section above. Upon such notification, VA shall secure from a non-Department entity or the VA Office of Inspector General an independent risk analysis of the data breach to determine the level of risk associated with the data breach for the potential misuse of any sensitive personal information involved in the data breach. The term 'data breach' means the loss, theft, or other unauthorized access, or any access other than that incidental to the scope of employment, to data containing sensitive personal information, in electronic or printed form, that results in the potential compromise of the confidentiality or integrity of the data. Contractor shall fully cooperate with the entity performing the risk analysis. Failure to cooperate may be deemed a material breach and grounds for contract termination. c. Each risk analysis shall address all relevant information concerning the data breach, including the following: (1) Nature of the event (loss, theft, unauthorized access); (2) Description of the event, including: (a) date of occurrence; (b) data elements involved, including any PII, such as full name, social security number, date of birth, home address, account number, disability code; (3) Number of individuals affected or potentially affected; (4) Names of individuals or groups affected or potentially affected; (5) Ease of logical data access to the lost, stolen or improperly accessed data in light of the degree of protection for the data, e.g., unencrypted, plain text; (6) Amount of time the data has been out of VA control; (7) The likelihood that the sensitive personal information will or has been compromised (Made accessible to and usable by unauthorized persons); (8) Known misuses of data containing sensitive personal information, if any; (9) Assessment of the potential harm to the affected individuals; (10) Data breach analysis as outlined in

6500.2 Handbook, Management of Security and Privacy Incidents, as appropriate; and (11) Whether credit protection services may assist record subjects in avoiding or mitigating the results of identity theft based on the sensitive personal information that may have been compromised. d. Based on the determinations of the independent risk analysis, the contractor shall be responsible for paying to the VA liquidated damages in the amount of $______ per affected individual to cover the cost of providing credit protection services to affected individuals consisting of the following: (1) Notification; (2) One year of credit monitoring services consisting of automatic daily monitoring of at least 3 relevant credit bureau reports; (3) Data breach analysis; (4) Fraud resolution services, including writing dispute letters, initiating fraud alerts and credit freezes, to assist affected individuals to bring matters to resolution; (5) One year of identity theft insurance with $20,000.00 coverage at $0 deductible; and (6) Necessary legal expenses the subjects may incur to repair falsified or damaged credit records, histories, or financial affairs. 8. SECURITY CONTROLS COMPLIANCE TESTING On a periodic basis, VA, including the Office of Inspector General, reserves the right to evaluate any or all of the security controls and privacy practices implemented by the contractor under the clauses contained within the contract. With 10 working-day s notice, at the request of the government, the contractor shall fully cooperate and assist in a government-sponsored security controls assessment at each location wherein VA information is processed or stored, or information systems are developed, operated, maintained, or used on behalf of VA, including those initiated by the Office of Inspector General. The government may conduct a security control assessment on shorter notice (to include unannounced assessments) as determined by VA in the event of a security incident or at any other time. 9. TRAINING a. All contractor employees and subcontractor employees requiring access to VA information and VA information systems shall complete the following before being granted access to VA information and its systems: (1) Sign and acknowledge (either manually or electronically) understanding of and responsibilities for compliance with the Contractor Rules of Behavior, Appendix E relating to access to VA information and information systems; (2) Successfully complete the VA Cyber Security Awareness and Rules of Behavior training and annually complete required security training; (3) Successfully complete the appropriate VA privacy training and annually complete required privacy training; and (4) Successfully complete any additional cyber security or privacy training, as required for VA personnel with equivalent information system access [to be defined by the VA program official and provided to the contracting officer for inclusion in the solicitation document e.g., any role-based information security training required in accordance with NIST Special Publication 800-16, Information Technology Security Training Requirements.] b. The contractor shall provide to the contracting officer and/or the COTR a copy of the training certificates and certification of signing the Contractor Rules of Behavior for each applicable employee within 1 week of the initiation of the contract and annually thereafter, as required. c. Failure to complete the mandatory annual training and sign the Rules of Behavior annually, within the timeframe required, is grounds for suspension or termination of all physical or electronic access privileges and removal from work on the contract until such time as the training and documents are complete.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kurt Fritz
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kurt.fritz@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: relating to access to VA information and information systems; (2) Successfully complete the VA Cyber Security Awareness and Rules of Behavior training and annually complete required security training; (3) Successfully complete the appropriate VA privacy training and annually complete required privacy training; and (4) Successfully complete any additional cyber security or privacy training, as required for VA personnel with equivalent information system access [to be defined by the VA program official and provided to the contracting officer for inclusion in the solicitation document e.g., any role-based information security training required in accordance with NIST Special Publication 800-16, Information Technology Security Training Requirements.] b. The contractor shall provide to the contracting officer and/or the COTR a copy of the training certificates and certification of signing the Contractor Rules of Behavior for each applicable employee within 1 week of the initiation of the contract and annually thereafter, as required. c. Failure to complete the mandatory annual training and sign the Rules of Behavior annually, within the timeframe required, is grounds for suspension or termination of all physical or electronic access privileges and removal from work on the contract until such time as the training and documents are complete

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f78a28bcdf344c2cae770ad96d2a39cb/view)