---
layout: default
title: 6515--Workstation Tables RFQ
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 626e3184c2624c11942a0a472eaa4bf7
---

# 6515--Workstation Tables RFQ

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 13:02:44.742-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0382
- Awardee: null

## Summary

RFQ 36C24526Q0382 (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number 36C24526Q0382 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) in conjunction with FAR -- Part 13 Procedures and constitutes the only solicitation. The Government intends to award a single Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) award contract. (iii) The provisions and clauses in this document are in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01, 03/13/2026. (iv) This solicitation intends to award a contract through a SDVOSB set-aside competition. The NAICS North American Industrial Classification System Code 339112 with a size standard of 1,000 Employees. (v) See Attachment A Schedule for a list of line-item numbers, items, quantities, and units of measure. (vi) The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) seeks to make a procurement for a Sterile Processing Prep and Pack Workstation Tables for the Baltimore VA Medical Center. See Attachment A for a listing of brand name salient characteristics and other requirements. Offeror quotations must demonstrate meeting the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation, otherwise it will be considered non-responsive. The technical specifications for this requirement are listed for Brand Name or Equal per FAR 52.211-6. The information identified provided is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive and to indicate the quality that will be satisfactory. The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure their submission demonstrates to the government that they can provide the brand name or equal to supplies being requested. (vii) Delivery Requirements: Place of Delivery: Department of Veterans Affairs Sterile Processing Service Hospital BD-105 Baltimore VA Medical Center 10 N Greene Street Baltimore, MD 21201 Period of Performance/Delivery Timeframe: 60 Days ARO Additional Delivery Requirements All shipping shall be inclusive of prices within the schedule and FOB Destination. (viii) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items, applies to this solicitation. Addendum: All offeror quotes for this solicitation must be received electronically through email no later than Monday, March 30, 2026, at 10:00AM EST. Ensure to reference solicitation number 36C24526Q0382 within subject line of the email. Any offeror quotes received after the prescribed date/time shall be considered non-responsive and will not be considered for award. Any questions regarding this solicitation must be received electronically through email no later than 48 hours from the release of the solicitation. Offers shall be sent by email to Michael.Jones16@va.gov (ix) 52.212-2 Evaluation -- Commercial Items (Oct 2014) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Lowest priced quotation that meets all requirements in attachment A, salient characteristics, statement of work, the standards of responsibility, all deliveries requirements and any other stated requirements. Acceptability of equipment/services shall be established by review of each submitted quotation by the designated evaluator(s) and verification that any equal-to items meet the salient characteristics included in this solicitation. Submissions to this solicitation must show clear, compelling and convincing evidence that equal-to items meet all the salient characteristics (see Attachment A). Offers that include any items that are not determined as Brand Name or Equal shall result in an unacceptable offer. See 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal for additional information. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified with a minimum of at least sixty days, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) (x) Must include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3 -- Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with this solicitation or ensure SAM.gov is updated with current information. (xi) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. (xii) The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. (xiii) The following clauses also apply: 52.211-6 - Brand Name or Equal (Aug 1999) (a) If an item in this solicitation is identified as brand name or equal, the purchase description reflects the characteristics and level of quality that will satisfy the Government s needs. The salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics that equal products must meet are specified in the solicitation. (b) To be considered for award, offers of equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer, must (1) Meet the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation; (2) Clearly identify the item by (i) Brand name, if any; and (ii) Make or model number; (3) Include descriptive literature such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer; and (4) Clearly describe any modification the offeror plans to make in a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements. Mark any descriptive material to clearly show the modification. (c) The Contracting Officer will evaluate equal products on the basis of information furnished by the offeror or identified in the offer and reasonably available to the Contracting Officer. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the offer. (d) Unless the offeror clearly indicates in its offer that the product being offered is an equal product, the offeror shall provide the brand name product referenced in the solicitation. (End of clause) 52.217-6 -Â Option for Increased Quantity (Mar 1989) The Government may increase the quantity of supplies called for in the Schedule at the unit price specified. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 10 Days not to exceed a 50% of any and all line items within Attachment A Delivery of the added items shall continue at the same rate as the like items called for under the contract, unless the parties otherwise agree. (End of clause) 52.217-9 -Â Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. (Mar 2000) Â Â Â Â Â Â (a)Â The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. Â Â Â Â Â Â (b)If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. Â Â Â Â Â Â (c)Â The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 12 Months. (End of clause) Grey Market Items (a) Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturer s (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers. No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. (b) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (c) The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract. Accordingly, the VA reserves the right to enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. (End of clause) In addition, the following clauses shall also apply: 52.209-6 Protecting the government s interest when subcontracting with contractors debarred, suspended, or proposed for debarment Aug 2013 52.232-18 Availability of Funds Apr 1984 52.232-33 Payment by electronic funds transfer system for award management Jul 2013 52.232-40 Providing accelerated payments to small business subcontractors Dec 2013 52.233-1 Disputes May 2014 52.233-3 Protest after award Aug 1996 52.252-2 Clauses incorporated by reference Feb 1998 852.203-70 Commercial advertising Jan 2008 852.232-72 Electronic submission of payment requests Nov 2012 The full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at the following: http://www.acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp The following provisions shall also apply: 52.204-7 System for Award Management Oct 2018 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting Oct 2016 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Oct 2018 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options Jul 1990 52.233-2 Service of Protest Sep 2006 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution Oct 2018 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference Jan 2008 (xiv) N/A

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: michael.jones16@va.gov
  - Phone: (202) 745-8000 Ext. 58768

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Schedule for a list of line-item numbers, items, quantities, and units of measure. (vi) The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) seeks to make a procurement for a Sterile Processing Prep and Pack Workstation Tables for the Baltimore VA Medical Center. See Attachment A for a listing of brand name salient characteristics and other requirements. Offeror quotations must demonstrate meeting the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation, otherwise it will be considered non-responsive. The technical specifications for this requirement are listed for Brand Name or Equal per FAR 52.211-6. The information identified provided is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive and to indicate the quality that will be satisfactory. The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure their submission demonstrates to the government that they can provide the brand name or equal to supplies being requested. (vii) Delivery Requirements: Place of Delivery: Department of Veterans Affairs Sterile Processing Service Hospital BD-105 Baltimore VA Medical Center 10 N Greene Street Baltimore, MD 21201 Period of Performance/Delivery Timeframe: 60 Days ARO Additional Delivery Requirements All shipping shall be inclusive of prices within the schedule and FOB Destination. (viii) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items, applies to this solicitation. Addendum: All offeror quotes for this solicitation must be received electronically through email no later than Monday, March 30, 2026, at 10:00AM EST. Ensure to reference solicitation number 36C24526Q0382 within subject line of the email. Any offeror quotes received after the prescribed date/time shall be considered non-responsive and will not be considered for award. Any questions regarding this solicitation must be received electronically through email no later than 48 hours from the release of the solicitation. Offers shall be sent by email to Michael.Jones16@va.gov (ix) 52.212-2 Evaluation -- Commercial Items (Oct 2014) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Lowest priced quotation that meets all requirements in attachment A, salient characteristics, statement of work, the standards of responsibility, all deliveries requirements and any other stated requirements. Acceptability of equipment/services shall be established by review of each submitted quotation by the designated evaluator(s) and verification that any equal-to items meet the salient characteristics included in this solicitation. Submissions to this solicitation must show clear, compelling and convincing evidence that equal-to items meet all the salient characteristics (see Attachment A). Offers that include any items that are not determined as Brand Name or Equal shall result in an unacceptable offer. See 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal for additional information. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified with a minimum of at least sixty days, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) (x) Must include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3 -- Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with this solicitation or ensure SAM.gov is updated with current information. (xi) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. (xii) The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. (xiii) The following clauses also apply: 52.211-6 - Brand Name or Equal (Aug 1999) (a) If an item in this solicitation is identified as brand name or equal, the purchase description reflects the characteristics and level of quality that will satisfy the Government s needs. The salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics that equal products must meet are specified in the solicitation. (b) To be considered for award, offers of equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer, must (1) Meet the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation; (2) Clearly identify the item by (i) Brand name, if any; and (ii) Make or model number; (3) Include descriptive literature such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer; and (4) Clearly describe any modification the offeror plans to make in a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements. Mark any descriptive material to clearly show the modification. (c) The Contracting Officer will evaluate equal products on the basis of information furnished by the offeror or identified in the offer and reasonably available to the Contracting Officer. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the offer. (d) Unless the offeror clearly indicates in its offer that the product being offered is an equal product, the offeror shall provide the brand name product referenced in the solicitation. (End of clause) 52.217-6 -Â Option for Increased Quantity (Mar 1989) The Government may increase the quantity of supplies called for in the Schedule at the unit price specified. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 10 Days not to exceed a 50% of any and all line items within Attachment A Delivery of the added items shall continue at the same rate as the like items called for under the contract, unless the parties otherwise agree. (End of clause) 52.217-9 -Â Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. (Mar 2000) Â Â Â Â Â Â (a)Â The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. Â Â Â Â Â Â (b)If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. Â Â Â Â Â Â (c)Â The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 12 Months. (End of clause) Grey Market Items (a) Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturer s (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers. No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. (b) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (c) The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract. Accordingly, the VA reserves the right to enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. (End of clause) In addition, the following clauses shall also apply: 52.209-6 Protecting the government s interest when subcontracting with contractors debarred, suspended, or proposed for debarment Aug 2013 52.232-18 Availability of Funds Apr 1984 52.232-33 Payment by electronic funds transfer system for award management Jul 2013 52.232-40 Providing accelerated payments to small business subcontractors Dec 2013 52.233-1 Disputes May 2014 52.233-3 Protest after award Aug 1996 52.252-2 Clauses incorporated by reference Feb 1998 852.203-70 Commercial advertising Jan 2008 852.232-72 Electronic submission of payment requests Nov 2012 The full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at the following: http://www.acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp The following provisions shall also apply: 52.204-7 System for Award Management Oct 2018 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting Oct 2016 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Oct 2018 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options Jul 1990 52.233-2 Service of Protest Sep 2006 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution Oct 2018 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference Jan 2008 (xiv) N/A

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/626e3184c2624c11942a0a472eaa4bf7/view)