---
layout: default
title: Spacesaver Shelving Maintenance
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0d8ad378a1894191986c2823113f576e
---

# Spacesaver Shelving Maintenance

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 11:16:12.655-04
- Solicitation Number: N0018926QD029

## Summary

THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR SOLE SOURCE SERVICES. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services in prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; a written solicitation will not be issued. PAPER COPIES OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE. This combined synopsis/solicitation SHALL be posted on SAM.gov Contract Opportunities (https://beta.sam.gov/). This is a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The solicitation number is N0018926QD029. The proposed contract action is for commercial SERVICES. The NAICS code is 337215 and the Small Business Size Standard is 500 employees. This solicitation documents and incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through FAC 2026-01 and DFARS Change Notice 20251110. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.acquisition.gov/dfars. The Naval Supply Systems Command (NAVSUP) Fleet Logistics Center (FLC) Norfolk, Pentagon Directorate, Philadelphia Office hereby provides notice of its intent to award a firm-fixed-price (FFP) purchase order for services on behalf of the National Defense University (NDU). The Government intends to award a single Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) purchase order to a single source: Spacesaver Systems Inc. (CAGE Code: 5U765) 4833 Rugby Ave STE 600 Bethesda, MD 20814 The Government intends to solicit and negotiate with ONLY ONE SOURCE under the authority FAR 12.102. The Government request responses from qualified sources capable of providing the following: CLINs 0001, 1001, 2001, 3001, 4001: Spacesaver mobile storage systems maintenance. Quantity: 12 Months The period of performance for the above is from 17 May 2026 to 16 May 2027, plus four (4) one year option periods. FOB Destination applies. Responsibility and Inspection: unless otherwise specified in the order, the contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements and quality control. The National Defense University (NDU) Library requires a maintenance contract for its Spacesaver moveable shelving consisting of 111 units of moveable shelving. The maintenance contract will consist of two preventative maintenance on-site visits per year, a response time of 24 hours for unscheduled calls for service, all labor fees, and any needed Spacesaver factory original equipment manufactured parts (not including floor coverings, battery power packs, and safety overrides). Additional information pertinent to this posting is provided herein as an attachment and includes, but is not limited to, the following: - Line Item information for quoting purposes - Performance Work Statement - A Copy of all clauses and provisions applicable to this synopsis/solicitation The proposed contract action is for commercial services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source. Interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement. THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this requirement no later than the closing date of this solicitation. A determination not to compete this requirement, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. All responsible sources may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency; however, only services meeting the NDU’s requirements will be considered for award. The Government will NOT be responsible for any costs incurred by interested parties in responding to this notice of intent. Only written response will be considered; all responses from responsible sources will be fully considered. As a result of analyzing responses to this notice of intent, the Government shall determine whether a competitive solicitation will be issued. Any prospective contractor must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov/. Interested parties are encouraged to furnish information. No documents submitted will be returned. By submitting capability information, the contractor is self-certifying that neither the requestor nor the principal corporate officials and owners are currently suspended, debarred, or otherwise ineligible to receive contracts from any federal agency. All interested parties shall submit clear and convincing documentation demonstrating their capabilities to satisfy the requirements listed above to: Ronald Truax at ronald.l.truax3.civ@us.navy.mil The capability documentation should include general information and technical background describing in detail the prospective contractor’s capabilities and experience that will demonstrate the ability to support these requirements. ******* End of Combined Synopsis/Solicitation ********

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ronald Truax
  - Email: ronald.l.truax3.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: includes, but is not limited to, the following: - Line Item information for quoting purposes - Performance Work Statement - A Copy of all clauses and provisions applicable to this synopsis/solicitation The proposed contract action is for commercial services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source. Interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement. THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this requirement no later than the closing date of this solicitation. A determination not to compete this requirement, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. All responsible sources may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency; however, only services meeting the NDU’s requirements will be considered for award. The Government will NOT be responsible for any costs incurred by interested parties in responding to this notice of intent. Only written response will be considered; all responses from responsible sources will be fully considered. As a result of analyzing responses to this notice of intent, the Government shall determine whether a competitive solicitation will be issued. Any prospective contractor must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov/. Interested parties are encouraged to furnish information. No documents submitted will be returned. By submitting capability information, the contractor is self-certifying that neither the requestor nor the principal corporate officials and owners are currently suspended, debarred, or otherwise ineligible to receive contracts from any federal agency. All interested parties shall submit clear and convincing documentation demonstrating their capabilities to satisfy the requirements listed above to: Ronald Truax at ronald.l.truax3.civ@us.navy.mil The capability documentation should include general information and technical background describing in detail the prospective contractor’s capabilities and experience that will demonstrate the ability to support these requirements. ******* End of Combined Synopsis/Solicitation ********

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0d8ad378a1894191986c2823113f576e/view)