---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Announcement for five NSNs (CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC) on the Patriot Electric Power Plant (EPP) III system.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 039c07f53e784dc6a0d020332e38a56f
---

# Sources Sought Announcement for five NSNs (CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC) on the Patriot Electric Power Plant (EPP) III system.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 07:21:27.917-04
- Solicitation Number: DLA-Aberdeen-26-044

## Summary

DESCRIPTION The Defense Logistics Agency-Aberdeen, on behalf of the Army Integrated Logistics Supply Center (ILSC) – Supply Chain Management Directorate (SCMD) – Strategic Sourcing Directorate (SSD), intends to acquire Parts to support the Patriot Electric Power Plant (EPP) III 400hz. Requirements Description: The items to be procured are for the Patriot Electric Power Plant (EPP) III 400HZ. The Patriot EPPIII is an air defense solution consisting of radars, command-and-control technology and multiple types of interceptors, all working together to detect, identify and defeat tactical ballistic missiles, cruise missiles, drones, advanced aircraft and other threats. The Government does not possess specifications or detailed drawings for the referenced system. Please note that this is not a Request for Proposal. This notice is provided for planning purposes and is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. The following are the Army’s estimated forecasts* for initial production: NIIN Nomenclature Quantity 123433732 CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC 10 123433733 CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC 15 123433734 CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC 5 123433735 CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC 11 123433738 CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC 89 *Quantities listed are estimations and not a guarantee. Final quantities will be determined at time of solicitation. The Government does not possess the technical data package (TDP) for Part Number 180.01.0144 (NSN: 6150-12-343-3732). The TDP is not available for release. The Government does not possess the technical data package (TDP) for Part Number 180.01.0058 (NSN: 6150-12-343-3733). The TDP is not available for release. The Government does not possess the technical data package (TDP) for Part Number 180.01.0502 (NSN: 6150-12-343-3734). The TDP is not available for release. The Government does not possess the technical data package (TDP) for Part Number 180.01.0503 (NSN: 6150-12-343-3735). The TDP is not available for release. The Government does not possess the technical data package (TDP) for Part Number 180.01.0148 (NSN: 6150-12-343-3738). The TDP is not available for release. NIIN 123433732: This NIIN was last awarded on contract number SPRBL120D0014, delivery order SPRBL125F0018 on 11/04/2024. Contract number SPRBL120D0014 is a 10-year contract that was awarded on 12/18/2019 and expires on 12/17/2029. The contractor’s name is Tabot Manufacturing Co, Inc. NIIN 123433733: This NIIN was last awarded on contract number SPRBL120D0014, delivery number SPRBL125F0019 on 11/04/2024. Contract number SPRBL120D0014 is a 10-year contract the was awarded on 12/18/2019 and expires on 12/17/2029. The contractor’s name is ot Manufacturing Co, Inc. NIIN 123433734: This NIIN was last awarded on contract number SPRBL12D0014, delivery number SPRBL125F0020 on 11/04/2024. Contract number SPRBL12D0014 is a 10-year contract the was awarded on 12/18/2019 and expires on 12/17/2029. The contractor’s name is Tabot Manufacturing Co, Inc. NIIN 123433735: This NIIN was last awarded on contract number SPRBL120D0015, delivery number SPRBL123F0101 on 05/30/2023. Contract number SPRBL120D0015 is a 10-year contract the was awarded on 12/18/2019 and expires on 12/17/2029. The contractor’s name is Tactical & Survival Specialties, Inc. NIIN 123433738: This NIIN was last awarded on contract number SPRBL120D0015, delivery number SPRBL124F0175 on 09/25/2024. Contract number SPRBL120D0015 is a 10-year contract the was awarded on 12/18/2019 and expires on 12/17/2029. The contractor’s name is Tactical & Survival Specialties, Inc. Items and/or Services to Be Procured: NSN: 6150-12-343-3732 NOMENCLATURE: CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC PART NUMBER: 180.01.0144 CAGE: 88829 NSN: 6150-12-343-3733 NOMENCLATURE: CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC PART NUMBER: 180.01.0058 CAGE: 88829 NSN: 6150-12-343-3734 NOMENCLATURE: CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC PART NUMBER: 180.01.0502 CAGE: 88829 NSN: 6150-12-343-3735 NOMENCLATURE: CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC PART NUMBER: 180.01.0503 CAGE: 0UWS0 NSN: 6150-12-343-3738 NOMENCLATURE: CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC PART NUMBER: 180.01.0148 CAGE: 0UWS0 Requested Response Information: We request that sources who can supply the listed parts or services to submit information to show their capability to manufacture or supply the same or similar parts/services past repair performance or purchases. At a minimum the support information you submit should include, but is not limited to, the following types of documentation: Questionnaire, drawings, test results, information on previous Government and commercial contracts, data rights, etc. In your response, please include your company name, CAGE code, and a technical point of contract with email address and telephone number. Notice, Response Due Date, and Points of Contact: This is NOT a Request for Quote or Proposal. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this SSA or reimburse any costs associated with the preparation of responses to this SSA. This Sources sought announcement (SSA) is for planning and market research purposes only and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. The information gathered from this announcement will be used to determine if responsible sources exist, and to assist in determining if this effort can be competitive and/or set aside for Small Business. Furthermore, the Government will use the information, in part, to determine the best acquisition strategy for a potential procurement action and/or to assist in making acquisition strategy decisions in the future. This is a sources-sought announcement only for informational and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. This Request for Information (RFI) is being issued to accomplish market research and support planning for the below listed requirements. The Government will not pay for any information or reimburse any costs incurred in responding to this RFI. No solicitation is being issued at this time. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the SAM.gov site. It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this requirement. All SSA responses should be emailed to the Points of Contact at the email addresses listed below. No phone inquiries will be accepted, either as a response to this action or for information requests. All requests for information must be submitted via email to the Technical Point of Contact and the DLA Aberdeen Small Business Office. Please submit responses by 5/8/2026 Technical Point of Contact: david.teicher.civ@army.mil Secondary Point of Contact: wesley.t.sparks.ctr@army.mil DLA Aberdeen Small Business: DLA.Land.and.Maritime.Small.Business.Office@dla.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Teicher
  - Email: david.teicher.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Wesley T. Sparks
  - Email: wesley.t.sparks.ctr@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/039c07f53e784dc6a0d020332e38a56f/view)