---
layout: default
title: 61--MOTOR,ALTERNATING C, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: adf002fbaad84384b79d8a28b8beb729
---

# 61--MOTOR,ALTERNATING C, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 05:06:41.56-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RZD64

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N742.4|WR1|(771) 229-0446|amanda.a.gowdy.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE POINT|6||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Material - Receiving Report & Invoice Combo; Certifications - Stand-Alone Receiving Report|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|N60138|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|TBD|N/A|N/A|See form DD1423|Not applicable | NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT (WSS)| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|4||||| SAFEGUARDING SENSITIVE CONVENTIONAL ARMS, AMMUNITION, AND EXPLOSIVES (NOV 2023))|9|||||||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A COMPLEX NATURE (MAY 2001)|10||||||||||| REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA AND DATA OTHER THAN CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA-MODIFICATIONS (NOV 2021))|7|||||||| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|X|4||X|X| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| COST ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOTICES AND CERTIFICATION (DEV 2026-O0006)(FEB 2026)|1|| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|firm-fixed price | NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA AND DATA OTHER THAN CERTIFIEDCOST OR PRICING DATA (MAY 2024))|1|| 1. This is an Advanced Equipment Repair Program (AERP) sole-source repairrequirement. 2. Proposals shall be submitted as a firm-fixed price for the full repair effort based on the Repair Instruction or SOW. Please include the following: a. Teardown and Evaluation rate: b. RTAT: c. Throughput Constraint: d. Induction Expiration Date: A cost of new price shall also be provided in addition to the repair price. 3. If the Offeror is not the Original End Manufacturer(OEM) of the materialcalled out in the requirement, the OEM must be stated (Company Name and CAGE)and the Offeror must be able to provide a signed letter of authorization toperform repairs from the OEM on the companys letterhead. 4. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commercemethods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor'sproposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents asdetailed herein. 5. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). See provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use. 6. Offerors must have a valid U.S. Security Clearance of CONFIDENTIAL or higher in order to respond to this RFP N0010425RZD64, because the RFP N0010425RZD64 includes an annex classified at the CONFIDENTIAL level which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriate clearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NSPOM)(DoD 5220-22-M) and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). 7. The contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTAT established in the resulting contract. 8. The contractor shall comply with the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) ofthe asset(s) in this order in accordance with NAVSUPWSSFA24. 9. This requirement shall be awarded against Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA)N0010424GZX01. Price Reduction: Any assets for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction of (price to be determined) per unit. Any assets for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction of (price to be determined) per unit. This adjustment will be implemented via a reconciliation modification at the end of contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Governments right to terminate for default. Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractors facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Requested RTAT: 365 Days Proposals shall reference the proposed RTAT and any capacity constraints. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture or refurbishment and the contract quality requirements for the MOTOR,ALTERNATING C . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.1.1 The documents and drawings listed below under DRAWING NO. are not provided with this Contract/Purchase order. DRAWING NO CAGE REV DISTR CD ;4D96101 04808 14 B ; 2.1.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made.

2.2 Identification of Classified Documents - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have authorized access to classified documents in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254). The classified documents and security level are: ;Drawing 830-6404016, Confidential; DRAWING DATA=2380-081-013 |53711|D8|ST |D|0001 |D8|49998|0866175 DRAWING DATA=6404016 |53711| B| |F|0001 | B|00026|0000000 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Refurbished Material - This item must be inspected and where necessary, refurbished to be in accordance with CAGE ;04808; , drawing ;4D96101; ,and the applicable SUBMEPP Repair Instruction ;2380-012-0001 Rev C CHG 8 (CSD557); , except as amplified or modified herein. 3.1.1 Parts that are replaced during refurbishment must be in accordance with this TDP (Technical Data Package) and the SUBMEPP Repair Instruction.

3.2 Contract Support Library - Additional requirements for this item are identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number ;CSD557; in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/

3.3 Confidential Hydrostatic Test Pressures - When test pressures are confidential, certification must reference ;Drawing 830-6404016 Rev B; and the item number to which the item was tested in lieu of the actual pressures. Any drawing requirement to mark the working pressure on the item does not apply and is strictly prohibited. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. 5.1.1 Additional Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking requirements are included in the referenced Refurbishment Instruction or Procurement Specification from SUBMEPP. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7712290446
  - Email: AMANDA.A.GOWDY.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: at the CONFIDENTIAL level which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriate clearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NSPOM)(DoD 5220-22-M) and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). 7. The contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTAT established in the resulting contract. 8. The contractor shall comply with the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) ofthe asset(s) in this order in accordance with NAVSUPWSSFA24. 9. This requirement shall be awarded against Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA)N0010424GZX01. Price Reduction: Any assets for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction of (price to be determined) per unit. Any assets for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction of (price to be determined) per unit. This adjustment will be implemented via a reconciliation modification at the end of contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Governments right to terminate for default. Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractors facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Requested RTAT: 365 Days Proposals shall reference the proposed RTAT and any capacity constraints. \ 1. SCOPE

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/adf002fbaad84384b79d8a28b8beb729/view)