---
layout: default
title: 70--MEMORY,PORTABLE,SOL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 36d1d7414e504911a2718937ca94156c
---

# 70--MEMORY,PORTABLE,SOL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 07:02:50.887-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRPA126QUA07

## Summary

NSN 0Q-7050-017319056-P8, REF NR HWW-701595-01, QTY 19 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. Can only be procured only from suppliers who provide FAA-Certified parts which possess a FAA Authorized Release Certificate, FAA Form 8130-3 Airworthy Approval Tag. This Solicitation is being issued under EAF Authority formally known as SEPA. This is a Critical Application Item (CAI). For Critical Safety Items (CSI), DFARS clause 252.209-7010, Identification of Critical Safety Items, is incorporated by reference. For items for which Government inspection and acceptance will be conducted at the source, DLAD clause 52.?-9004, Product Verification Testing, is incorporated by reference. DLAD clauses can be viewed at http://www.dla.mil/Acquisition/Pages/DLAD.aspx. As applicable, DFARS clause 252.242-7005, Contractor Business Systems, is incorporated by reference. Drawings are not available for this Request For Quote. Offerors are advised that offers received from sources which are not government-approved sources of supply will be deemed technically unacceptable, and therefore ineligible for award. Any distributors of approved sources MUST submit a copy of their authorized distributor letter, on the source letterhead, to the buyer point of contact indicated on the solicitation via email, at time of proposal submittal. All potential offers shall provide newly manufactured spares only. Refurbished, remanufactured, or repaired material will not be acceptable. Offers for such are ineligible for award. This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing/repair knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition/repair of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights,manufacturing/repair knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the Government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has not been determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open competition. Only the source(s) previously approved by the Government for this item have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in one of the NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support (NAVSUP WSS) Source Approval Information Brochures listed below. Spares: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Sup port/Business-Opps/ Repair: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP -Weapon-Systems-Support/Business-Opps/ technical data required to be submitted based on your company's experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVSUP WSS submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet Government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue based on Fleet support needs. The NAVSUP WSS Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Support/Bus iness-Opps/" The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. All responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals, quotationsor capability statements. This notice of intent is not a request forcompetitive proposals. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30days if award is issued under an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) afterdate of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SAMUEL EVERETT, APAA.28, PHONE (215)737-2488, EMAIL SAMUEL.EVERETT@DLA.MIL
  - Email: SAMUEL.EVERETT@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/36d1d7414e504911a2718937ca94156c/view)