---
layout: default
title: 61--POWER SUPPLY - AND OTHER REPLACEMENT PARTS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: d408ab0a33224acd8ceb4b2d7f878fb7
---

# 61--POWER SUPPLY - AND OTHER REPLACEMENT PARTS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 09:08:21.983-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRPA126QXA93

## Summary

NSN 7R-6130-016846868-GF, REF NR A6538604-100, QTY 3 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. No drawings are available. This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing/repair knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition/repair of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights,manufacturing/repair knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the Government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has not been determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open competition. Only the source(s) previously approved by the Government for this item have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in one of the NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support (NAVSUP WSS) Source Approval Information Brochures listed below. Spares: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Sup port/Business-Opps/ Repair: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP -Weapon-Systems-Support/Business-Opps/ technical data required to be submitted based on your company's experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVSUP WSS submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet Government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue based on Fleet support needs. The NAVSUP WSS Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Support/Bus iness-Opps/" The proposed acquisition is PARTIALLY set aside for small business concerns (see FAR clause 52.219-7 "Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside"). The specific type of set-aside will be addressed in the solicitation through inclusion of one of the appropriate clauses listed here: FAR 52.219-3 Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole Source Award FAR 52.219-27 Notice of Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small BusinessSet-Aside FAR 52.219-29 Notice of Set-Aside for Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns FAR 52.219-30 Notice of Set-Aside for Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program DFARS 252.226-7000 Notice of Historically Black College or University and Minority Institution Set-Aside Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specificationsand Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases(QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoDSingle Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service(DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://quicksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSISTHelp Desk at 215-697-2667 or 215-697-2179 (DSN: 442-2667), or mail their request to DLADocument Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094. Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify tothe contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy theGovernment's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ISABELLA PERRINS, APBA.32, PHONE (215)660-7088, EMAIL ISABELLA.PERRINS@DLA.MIL
  - Email: ISABELLA.PERRINS@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d408ab0a33224acd8ceb4b2d7f878fb7/view)