---
layout: default
title: Y1DZ--NRM CONST 630A4-25-200 (REFURBISH & UPGRADE LAUNDRY VENTILATION)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 99062a60f1e644dfa3d69c62b3fa2424
---

# Y1DZ--NRM CONST 630A4-25-200 (REFURBISH & UPGRADE LAUNDRY VENTILATION)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 14:46:41.06-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226B0045
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Scope of work Performance Period: 240 CALENDAR DAYS FROM NTP Description of Work: Provide refurbish and part equivalent replacement of existing four HV Units and 7 Exhaust fans serve the laundry operation and small capacity AC units for the staff breakrooms to support the laundry building 173 located at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center,179-00 Linden Blvd, Jamaica, NY 11425 in accordance with manufacturer specifications and VA specifications at http://www.cfm.va.gov/til/specs.asp. Work shall meet all VA design guidelines and requirements. This work shall include, but not be limited to, all necessary labor and Materials to perform all Mechanical, electrical, Plumbing, and other related trade work for a complete restoration and functional system. The contractor will perform a mandated walkthrough to verify the site condition and notify the Contractor Officer during the bidding process of any observations and comments not included in the following outlined SOW below: HV-1 Provide all necessary labor and material to replace the 30/40 HP motors and Fans with all necessary parts, frames, and accessories. The contractor may provide new fan array sections comprising a high-efficiency array with direct-drive motors and a VFD to reduce operating power while providing system redundancy and reduced maintenance requirements. Provide all necessary labor and materials to conduct full cleaning, repair, and/or replacement of the interior components and lubrication. Provide all necessary labor and material to conduct a full cleaning and/ or replacement of the interior components and lubrication of the outside air damper. Provide all necessary labor and materials to install new filters Provide all necessary labor and materials to install a new preheat and reheat heating coils, control valve, and thermostat for space control. Provide all necessary labor and materials to install the new fire damper/automatic damper as required. Replace the main electrical breaker for the HV unit at the MCC panel located in the same mechanical room, along with the unit breaker and the VFD Provide and install a new digital local control system interlocked with the exhaust system and the space temperature. HV-2 Provide all necessary labor and material to replace the 30/40 HP motors and Fans with all necessary parts, frames, and accessories. The contractor may provide new fan array sections comprising a high-efficiency array with direct-drive motors and a VFD to reduce operating power while providing system redundancy and reduced maintenance requirements. Provide all necessary labor and materials to conduct full cleaning, replacement of the interior components, and lubrication. Provide all necessary labor and material to conduct a full cleaning and/ or replacement of the interior components and lubrication of the outside air damper. Provide all necessary labor and materials to install new filters Provide all necessary labor and materials to install a new preheat and reheat heating coils, control valve, and thermostat for space control. Provide all necessary labor and materials to install the new fire damper/automatic damper as required. Replace the main electrical breaker for the HV unit at the MCC panel located in the same mechanical room, along with the unit breaker and the VFD Provide and install a new digital local control system interlocked with the exhaust system and the space temperature. HV-3 Provide all necessary labor and material to replace the 30/40 HP motors and Fans with all necessary parts, frames, and accessories. The contractor may provide new fan array sections comprising a high-efficiency array with direct-drive motors and a VFD to reduce operating power while providing system redundancy and reduced maintenance requirements. Provide all necessary labor and materials to conduct full cleaning, replacement of the interior components, and lubrication. Provide all necessary labor and material to conduct a full cleaning and/ or replacement of the interior components and lubrication of the outside air damper. Provide all necessary labor and materials to install new filters Provide all necessary labor and materials to install a new preheat and reheat heating coils, control valve, and thermostat for space control. Provide all necessary labor and materials to install the new fire damper/automatic damper as required. Replace the main electrical breaker for the HV unit at the MCC panel located in the same mechanical room, along with the unit breaker and the VFD Provide and install a new digital local control system interlocked with the exhaust system and the space temperature. HV-4 Provide all necessary labor and material to replace the 30/40 HP motors and Fans with all necessary parts, frames, and accessories. The contractor may Provide new fan array sections consisting of high-efficiency, direct-drive motors and VFDs to reduce operating power while providing system redundancy and reduced maintenance requirements. Provide all necessary labor and materials to conduct full cleaning, replacement of the interior components, and lubrication. Provide all necessary labor and material to conduct a full cleaning and/ or replacement of the interior components and lubrication of the outside air damper. Provide all necessary labor and materials to install new filters Provide all necessary labor and materials to install a new preheat and reheat heating coils, control valve, and thermostat for space control. Provide all necessary labor and materials to install the new fire damper/automatic damper as required. Replace the main electrical breaker for the HV unit at the MCC panel located in the same mechanical room, along with the unit breaker and the VFD Provide and install a new digital local control system interlocked with the exhaust system and the space temperature. Furnish and install new variable frequency drives (VFDs) for exhaust fans E- 1,2; GX-1,2,3,4, and 5. Exhaust fans GX 3,4, and 5 are located on the upper roof; exhaust fans GX 1 and 2 are located on the lower roof. Exhaust fan E-1 is in MER1, and Exhaust fan E-2 is in MER2. Exhaust Fans Refurbish existing exhaust fans, GX-1, 2, 3, 4, 5, E1 and E2. Replace existing motors with new NEMA premium-efficiency inverter-duty motors and install a new variable-speed drive. Replace bearings and seals. Install new sealant on the ductwork seams. Install new access doors. Install new motorized dampers. Replace filters on roof exhaust fans GX-1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and exhaust fans E1 and E2. Exhaust fans GX 3, 4, and 5 are located on the upper roof; GX 1 and 2 are located on the lower roof. Exhaust Fan E-1 is in MER1, and Exhaust Fan E-2 is in MER2. Replace the main electrical breaker for each unit at the MCC panel located in the same mechanical room, along with the unit breaker and the VFD Piping and devices Replace the existing steam PRV station (High to Mid) Replace the existing relief valve on the expansion/Flash Tank in MER 1. Replace all steam and condensate piping, fittings, valves, F&T traps, and all necessary items to connect to the new Steam coils. AC units Remove and replace AC 2 & ACCU1 with a new equivalent split system, including all necessary installation work, materials, and activation. Remove and replace AC 1 with a new equivalent package unit, including all the necessary installation work, materials, and activation Painting Sandblast and paint the structural steel for GX 1,2,3,4 and 5. Clean and epoxy paint the mechanical room floors. General Requirement: The Contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, tools, supervision, equipment, and safety necessary to perform the site preparation. At a minimum, the following shall be performed: The Contractor shall take all necessary precautions and safety measures to protect all patients and end users from all related activities. The Contractor shall repair all walls and interior damage related to the site preparation. The Contractor shall repair all demolition and openings necessitated to perform the repair. The Contractor shall test and verify all work to ensure proper operation. The Contractor must have OSHA training and specialized OSHA training. In the performance of all work, the workers must be incompliance with safety regulations governing worker safety (OSHA: 29 CFR 1926 Safety and Health Regulations for Construction; NFPA, Life Safety Codes, etc.). All work shall be done in accordance with NFPA, Life Safety, VA Standards and Regulations, VA Policy and requirements, OSHA regulations, and manufacturer specifications. The Contractor shall guarantee that all work performed will be free from all defects in workmanship and materials and that all installation and repair will provide the capacities and characteristics specified. The contractor shall guarantee that if, during a period of one year from the date of the certificate of completion and acceptance of the work, any such defects shall be repaired by the contractor at his own cost. It is the responsibility of the contractor to verify all quantities, field conditions, and measurements prior to starting work. The contractor shall notify the CO/COR and the VA Engineering Team of any differing site conditions prior to commencing work. The Contractor shall always provide an English-Speaking working supervisor on- site when work is being performed and for the duration of this project. A supervisor must have a minimum of five (5) years of experience as a supervisor on five (5) projects like this. The Contractor shall provide his own storage for materials. The VA is not responsible for loss of tools, materials, equipment, etc. The Contractor shall post visible required warning signs and barriers prior to beginning any work. The Contractor shall be responsible for any damage caused by his employees. All damages shall be repaired and/or replaced at no additional cost to the government. The Contractor shall be responsible for the proper and safe removal and disposal of all debris. The Contractor shall perform cleanup at any time when the work area becomes cluttered and/or restricts traffic. At a minimum, the Contractor shall clean the work area at the end of each work shift. The C&A requirements do not apply, and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. The Contractor is responsible for completing the VA Privacy and Information Security Awareness training. Contractor is responsible for providing Professional Engineer-stamped shop drawings. The Contractor is responsible for providing infection control and ILSM. The Contractor is responsible for providing a phasing plan. Contractor is responsible for advanced hourly coordination that includes overtime, weekend, and holiday work hours. Base Bid (Alternate Bid) All controls shall interface and be connected to the existing Infinity (Johnson Controls BMS system) building management system front end located in building no. 89 ground floor. Contractor shall update [system hardware and software to the last version of (Johnson Controls BMS system)]. Contractor shall extend required control wiring in conduits to all required locations. Conduits shall run in the hung ceiling space in all finished spaces. coordinate with cor. Provide BMS tie-in to the BMS central workstation located in Building #89, Engineering Service. Install a new conduit to the BMS located in Building 89. St Albans uses a Johnson Controls BMS system. TESTING, ADJUSTING, AND BALANCING (TAB), COMMISSIONING, TRAINING, AND ACCEPTANCE General.Â Provide all labor, materials, instruments, and certified personnel required to perform TAB and commissioning of HV-1 through HV-4; exhaust fans GX-1, GX-2, GX-3, GX-4, GX-5, E-1, and E-2; new/replaced VFDs; steam PRV station and associated coils, valves, actuators, and controls. Perform work in accordance with VA Master Specifications (e.g.,Â 23 05 93Â TAB for HVAC andÂ 01 91 00Â Commissioning), applicable NFPA and OSHA requirements, and manufacturer recommendations. Qualifications.Â TAB work shall be performed by anÂ independentÂ NEBB, AABC, or TABB-certified firm not affiliated with the installation mechanical contractor. Commissioning activities shall be led by a qualified provider with a minimum of five (5) similar projects in healthcare or VA facilities within the last five years. Pre-Functional Activities. Submit a TAB plan and commissioning plan identifying procedures, calibrated instruments, point lists, and test forms for Government review. Verify equipment installation is complete, clean, and safe to operate; confirm correct rotation, belt tension (if any), VFD parameters, damper actuation, valve stroke, sensor placement, and controller addressing. Confirm availability of design setpoints/targets; if absent, coordinate with COR to establish interim targets meeting process needs and ventilation/pressurization intent for laundry operations. Functional Performance Testing.Â Execute tests to demonstrate sequences of operation and interlocks, including at a minimum: Lead/lag or fan-array staging; start/stop via DDC; alarm and fail-safe conditions. Exhaust supply interlock to maintain required differential pressure/airflow relationships for laundry spaces. Coil control (preheat/reheat) with space-temperature regulation, freeze-start and high-limit safety, filter differential-pressure monitoring, and VFD speed limits. PRV station regulation, condensate return function, and trap operation under load. TAB Measurements and Balancing. Measure and record supply/return/exhaust airflows, system total/static pressures, motor amperage, coil T/ P, and damper positions at design and turndown conditions. Balance systems to approved setpoints; document final positions and VFD minimum/maximum speeds. Where field constraints prevent achieving targets, propose corrective actions (e.g., sheave/VFD adjustments, damper/coil modifications) and implement upon written direction. Controls Integration and Trending. Verify all new digital control points, alarms, and trends are mapped, named, and viewable at the local controller and at any front-end, as applicable. Provide a 30-day trend log (5-minute intervals minimum) for key points: space temperature(s), supply/exhaust airflow, duct static, coil valve position, filter P, and VFD speed. Submit trend analysis with recommendations. Documentation. Deliver a sealed TAB Report (or certified report by TAB supervisor) including methods, calibrated instrument lists, as-found/as-left data, and a punch-list of deficiencies. Provide Commissioning Report with test scripts, results, issues log, resolutions, and final sequence narratives and setpoints. Submit O&M manuals and as-built control diagrams reflecting final configurations. Training.Â Provide a minimum ofÂ 8 hoursÂ of instructor-led training for VA operations staff covering routine operation, seasonal changeover, alarm response, and maintenance of HV units, exhaust fans, VFDs, PRV station, and DDC. Provide recordings and handouts. Acceptance Criteria.Â Substantial Completion will not be recommended until: All TAB and commissioning deficiencies are resolved. Trend data demonstrates stable control at approved setpoints; and Required documentation and training deliverables are accepted by the COR. Warranty Verification.Â During the warranty period, perform one (1) seasonal re-check to confirm TAB values and control performance remain within tolerance, and correct deviations at no additional cost to the Government. VA Patient Privacy and Network Infrastructure None of the equipment listed within this procurement package will access the VA Network or store any sensitive patient information. Any contractors who will come on-site for installation will not need access to the VA network. All contractors must comply with VA regulation and complete the following training: VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access or use of VA Sensitive Information. Reference the attached Handbook

6500.6 Appendix A - Checklist for Information Security in the initiation phase of acquisitions. The system does not transmit or maintain electronic Protected Health Information. A Manufacturer Disclosure Statement for Medical Device Security (MDS2) form in not applicable. A VA Directive 6550 Pre-Procurement Assessment form is not applicable. Privacy Training: VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information All contractor employees and subcontractors participating under this contract are required to complete the VA's Privacy training requirement - VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information. Contractors must provide certifications of completion to the COR during each year of the contract. Training expires 365 days after the training is taken. This requirement is in addition to any other training that may be required of the contractor and subcontractor(s). The COR for the contract is responsible for ensuring the contractor takes the training and to follow up with the annual requirements. See Attachment A VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Project Management Platform Requirement Construction contractors and A/E design firms, selected by award to perform work at VISN 2 VA facilities, are required to utilize the VISN 2 Autodesk Build Construction management platform, also called Autodesk Construction Cloud (ACC). Access to the platform and training portal will be provided by VISN 2 through the project Contracting Officer Representative (COR) at no cost for the duration of the project. Autodesk Build is the management and collaborative environment that VISN 2 uses for all its Non-Recurring Maintenance (NRM), Minor Program projects, Feasibility Studies, Commissioning, and Retro-Commissioning contracts.Â There is no user, license, or subscription fee for the contractor to use this cloud-based platform. Contractor shall accomplish and complete the following tasks upon award of contract: Request access to the ACC platform and Productivity NOW eLearning Site to project VA COR NLT 14 days from contract award. Only staff who shall utilize the platform shall be granted access. Examples: Project manager, sub-contractors POC, Site manager, Safety officer, etc. The access request shall be in writing and include a list of staff. The list shall include the following information: Full Name Company Name Email Address Role/Position on the project (i.e., Project manager, site supervisor) Upon granting access, staff shall complete the required ACC training through the Productivity NOW platform within 12 Calendar days. Upon successful completion of training, the contractor shall submit certificates of completion to COR NLT 2 business days. Access to Productivity NOW eLearning will expire after 12 Calendar days after online access is granted. Contractor shall complete ACC training within that period. Additional Staff and Subcontractors can be added at any time with a request submission to the project COR as described above. The contractor shall only use the ACC platform for contract-required technical submissions, project correspondence to be acknowledged, reviewed, and actioned by the responsible party. No additional time shall be added to the contract, nor shall an increase in the contract amount be provided for the contractor s failure to utilize the ACC platform as the project s official communication and collaboration system. Any correspondence outside the platform shall not be the governing authority's responsibility and will be at the contractor s expense. Official project correspondence and collaboration include, but are not limited to: RFIs, submittals, schedules, shutdown requests, actionable tasks, reports, testing, safety inspections, photos, and site surveys. Contractor must inform the COR of any staff changes NLT 2 business days from the change. Staff changes pertain to staff who were granted access to the ACC platform. Contractor shall request termination of access, replacement of personnel, and/or any other action that may affect the contractor's ability to maintain the required utilization of the platform. Justification: The St. Albans Laundry mechanical room contains four Air Handling Units (HV s) and exhaust fans that provide ventilation and environmental control for laundry operations. Three of these units (AHU-1, AHU-3, AHU-4) are non-operational, along with inaccurate functional exhaust fans, resulting in inadequate airflow and compromised environmental conditions. This project seeks to execute immediate corrective repairs to restore serviceability for the overall ventilation system/units as an interim measure until a long-term design & Construction upgrade project is implemented.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Vladimir S Stoyanov
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: vladimir.stoyanov@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Checklist for Information Security in the initiation phase of acquisitions. The system does not transmit or maintain electronic Protected Health Information. A Manufacturer Disclosure Statement for Medical Device Security (MDS2) form in not applicable. A VA Directive 6550 Pre-Procurement Assessment form is not applicable. Privacy Training: VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information All contractor employees and subcontractors participating under this contract are required to complete the VA"s Privacy training requirement - VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information. Contractors must provide certifications of completion to the COR during each year of the contract. Training expires 365 days after the training is taken. This requirement is in addition to any other training that may be required of the contractor and subcontractor(s). The COR for the contract is responsible for ensuring the contractor takes the training and to follow up with the annual requirements. See Attachment A VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Project Management Platform Requirement Construction contractors and A/E design firms, selected by award to perform work at VISN 2 VA facilities, are required to utilize the VISN 2 Autodesk Build Construction management platform, also called Autodesk Construction Cloud (ACC). Access to the platform and training portal will be provided by VISN 2 through the project Contracting Officer Representative (COR) at no cost for the duration of the project. Autodesk Build is the management and collaborative environment that VISN 2 uses for all its Non-Recurring Maintenance (NRM), Minor Program projects, Feasibility Studies, Commissioning, and Retro-Commissioning contracts.Â There is no user, license, or subscription fee for the contractor to use this cloud-based platform. Contractor shall accomplish and complete the following tasks upon award of contract: Request access to the ACC platform and Productivity NOW eLearning Site to project VA COR NLT 14 days from contract award. Only staff who shall utilize the platform shall be granted access. Examples: Project manager, sub-contractors POC, Site manager, Safety officer, etc. The access request shall be in writing and include a list of staff. The list shall include the following information: Full Name Company Name Email Address Role/Position on the project (i.e., Project manager, site supervisor) Upon granting access, staff shall complete the required ACC training through the Productivity NOW platform within 12 Calendar days. Upon successful completion of training, the contractor shall submit certificates of completion to COR NLT 2 business days. Access to Productivity NOW eLearning will expire after 12 Calendar days after online access is granted. Contractor shall complete ACC training within that period. Additional Staff and Subcontractors can be added at any time with a request submission to the project COR as described above. The contractor shall only use the ACC platform for contract-required technical submissions, project correspondence to be acknowledged, reviewed, and actioned by the responsible party. No additional time shall be added to the contract, nor shall an increase in the contract amount be provided for the contractor s failure to utilize the ACC platform as the project s official communication and collaboration system. Any correspondence outside the platform shall not be the governing authority"s responsibility and will be at the contractor s expense. Official project correspondence and collaboration include, but are not limited to: RFIs, submittals, schedules, shutdown requests, actionable tasks, reports, testing, safety inspections, photos, and site surveys. Contractor must inform the COR of any staff changes NLT 2 business days from the change. Staff changes pertain to staff who were granted access to the ACC platform. Contractor shall request termination of access, replacement of personnel, and/or any other action that may affect the contractor"s ability to maintain the required utilization of the platform. Justification: The St. Albans Laundry mechanical room contains four Air Handling Units (HV s) and exhaust fans that provide ventilation and environmental control for laundry operations. Three of these units (AHU-1, AHU-3, AHU-4) are non-operational, along with inaccurate functional exhaust fans, resulting in inadequate airflow and compromised environmental conditions. This project seeks to execute immediate corrective repairs to restore serviceability for the overall ventilation system/units as an interim measure until a long-term design & Construction upgrade project is implemented

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/99062a60f1e644dfa3d69c62b3fa2424/view)