---
layout: default
title: Swivel & Link Anchor Chain Parts
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3de27256b06f4c40a143a8a1fb5529fa
---

# Swivel & Link Anchor Chain Parts

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 13:18:45.061-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z04026Q60424Y00

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items, prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6 of the FAR Part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services | Acquisition.GOV and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 2126406Y6175M89007 applies and is used as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2024-05, dated 22 May 2024. It is anticipated that a Best Value purchase order shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by this agency. Best Value will be evaluated by who can provide the complete requirement, who meets our required time frame and by price. All vendors providing a quotation must either have an active SAM.Gov registration or provide proof they have submitted their entity for registration. Payments are NET 30 and will be made in accordance with the FAR 52.232-25 Prompt payment clause 52.232-25 Prompt Payment. | Acquisition.GOV. The U.S. Coast Guard, Surface Forces Logistics Center (SFLC) intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order. The United States Coast Guard Surface Forces Logistics Center has a requirement for the following items: All quotes shall be emailed to Shannon Carter via Shannon.R.Carter@uscg.mil and shall be received no later than 05/05/26 at 12:00 PM (Eastern). All emailed quotes shall have 2126406Y6175M89007 in the subject of the email. Vendor Information: Entity Name Entity Unique Entity ID Entity Address Entity POC Entity Phone Number POC Email Address Vendor shall provide: ITEM 1: 1-1/8" SWIVEL AND LINK ASSEMBLY DESCRIPTION: 1-1/8" x 2 Links Stud Link Anchor Chain, 1 Link Each End Spec: ABS Grade 2 1-1/8" - 1-1/4" USN Swivel DWG: 803-5959226 Rev. A Assembly: Proof Test Only Assembly Finish: TT-V-51 Domestic QUANTITY: 1 EA PART NUMBER(s): 7200010F-MOD UNIT PRICE: LINE TOTAL: REQUESTED DELIVERY DATE: 08/28/26 ESTIMATED DELIVERY DATE: ITEM 2: 1-1/8" X 9-LINKS STUD LINK ANCHOR CHAIN DESCRIPTION: 1-1/8" x 9-Links Stud Link Anchor Chain Spec: ABS Grade 2 Finish: TT-V-51 Asphalt Black Varnish Domestic QUANTITY: 1 EA PART NUMBER(s): 4620009GR2FT UNIT PRICE: LINE TOTAL: REQUESTED DELIVERY DATE: 08/28/26 ESTIMATED DELIVERY DATE: * Delivery address and terms stated below. * * Access to some drawings may be Export-Controlled and require any recipient to be registered in the Joint Certification Program (JCP) through DLA to receive the drawing. *Any proposed substitutions must be accompanied by a Specification Sheet to undergo evaluation by the requiring officials for compatibility to the Requirement. * *All Deliveries are Required to by 08/28/26* ** Total cost shall have delivery and any Freight charges included. ** ** SHIPPING: FOB DESTINATION REQUIRED. ** Preparation For Delivery All material must be shipped to U.S. Coast Guard Surface Forces Logistics Center, 2401 Hawkins Point Road, Receiving Room- BLDG 88, Baltimore, MD, 21226 for this Purchase Order. Material must be accompanied by an itemized packaging list securely attached to the outside of the shipment. All packing lists shall cite the Purchase Order Number with the packaging in such a manner to ensure identification of the material provided. Material shall be packed for shipment using Military Packaging, for examples in packaging please reference MIL-STD-2073-1E. Material must be packaged in such a manner as to afford adequate protection to the item against corrosion, deterioration, and physical damage during shipment from the supply course to Surface Forces Logistics Center locations. Packaging shall provide adequate protection for warehouse storage and shipments from the warehouse. All material shall be marked in accordance with MIL-STD-129R and barcoded unless otherwise authorized by the Contracting Officer. All material will have the Purchase Order Number, National Stock Number (if applicable), Vendor name and Part Number clearly marked on the exterior of all material shipped. All Deliveries are to be made Monday through Friday between the hours of 7:00AM to 1:00PM. Invoicing In IPP It is a requirement that all invoicing for Purchase Orders will now be entered and processed through https://www.ipp.gov. All invoices must contain the following information: CG Purchase Order number, vendor’s invoice number, cage number, PO item number, description of supplies or services, unit prices and extended totals (INVOICES FOR PURCHASE ORDERS AWARDED BY SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER, BALTIMORE ARE TO BE SUMITTED AS NON PO IN IPP). Shipping costs will be indicated as a separate line item on the invoice (if applicable). Shipping cost $100 or more must be accompanied by a separate freight invoice when submitting an invoice(s) for payment (if applicable). To submit an invoice, vendor must have access to www.ipp.gov. To gain access please indicate if you don’t have an account so the issuing office can establish one for you. FAR Clauses This order is subject to but is not limited to the following Federal Acquisition Regulations: 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities. 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shannon Carter
  - Email: shannon.r.carter@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 4107626503

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3de27256b06f4c40a143a8a1fb5529fa/view)