---
layout: default
title: Professional Support Services in the Atlantic Area of Responsibility
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 57e57a2f392b4676835bc51d83e0950b
---

# Professional Support Services in the Atlantic Area of Responsibility

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 06:43:27.294-04
- Solicitation Number: N6247026R0013

## Summary

THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE ONLY. This notice does NOT constitute a request for proposal, request for quote, or invitation for bid. Solicitation documents will not be available for downloading until after 29 April 2026. Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command (NAVFAC) Atlantic intends to issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) for a Professional Support Services Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity Contract to support the NAVFAC Atlantic Area of Responsibility (AOR) with a concentration of work in Portsmouth, VA and Kittery, ME; though work may also be performed remotely or at other locations as directed. Projects are located throughout NAVFAC enterprise to include CONUS and OCONUS locations. This contract is to provide on-site and potentially off-site personnel support services in support of all Navy and Marine Corps installations located within the NAVFAC enterprise to include OCONUS locations and supported commands. The primary tasks anticipated under this contract include support of NAVFAC Atlantic Area of Responsibility (AOR) supporting naval facilities. Specific services to be provided include, but are not limited to Execute the planning, design, and construction requirements outlined in the Statement of Work, including the experience to review plans, specifications, cost estimates, project documents and reports submitted by A&E firms for technical adequacy, completeness, functional design, sound engineering practice, compliance with NAVFAC and DOD criteria and all applicable codes. Support multiple design and/or construction projects by executing the planning, design, and construction requirements. Initiate field trips to project site during scoping, design and construction. Assist in the preparation of project and contract modification cost estimates, working with available cost estimation tools as well as independent research and utilizing professional experience. Inspect existing conditions of a site and of a facility to gather information. Perform evaluations of technical proposals and provide recommendations. Tasks will range from concept development, plan review and recommendations, facility or utility design, construction support management, and inspection services including knowledge of the Microsoft Office Software Suite. Experience coordinating with customers and sponsor commands, integrating requirements into the overall project execution, and reporting project status to NAVFAC Atlantic. Have a strong understanding utilizing and applying discipline specific criteria and tools such as DoD Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC), Building Code Analysis, AutoCAD, Revit, SpecsIntact, and cost estimating software for the construction of facilities from design documentation. The following positions are anticipated under this contract: Administrative Assistant Acoustician/Acoustical Engineer Architect Technician Architect Architect - Senior Business Analyst CAD/BIM Manager Extreme Weather Hazards and Geological Hazards Resilience Specialist Civil Engineer Civil Engineer - Senior Civil (Structural) Engineering Technician Civil Engineer (Structural) Civil Engineer (Structural) – Senior Construction Scheduler Construction Scheduler – Senior Construction Engineering Technician Construction Engineering Technician 2nd Shift Construction Manager Construction Support Cost Engineer Cost Engineer Electrical Engineering Technician Electrical Engineer Electrical Engineer – Senior Fire Protection Engineer Technician Fire Protection Engineer Fire Protection Engineer – Senior General Engineer General Engineer - Senior Geotechnical Engineer Geotechnical Engineer – Senior GIS Analyst Instructional Design Project Manager Interior Designer Landscape Architect Landscape Architect - Senior Mechanical Engineering Technician Mechanical Engineer Mechanical Engineer – Senior Motion Graphics Designer/Animator Planner Program Analyst Project Risk Analysis SharePoint & Power Platform Developer Strategic Planner The solicitation utilizes source selection procedures in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 37, and will require offerors to submit corporate experience, safety, and past performance, along with a price proposal for evaluation by the Government. The tradeoff source selection process is selected as appropriate for this acquisition. The Government considers it to be in its best interest to allow consideration of award to other than the lowest priced offeror or other than the highest technically rated offeror. Award will be made to the responsible Offeror(s) whose proposal conforms to the Request for Proposal (RFP), will be most advantageous to the Government resulting in Best Value, price and other non-price factors considered. The NAICS Code for this procurement is 541990, All Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services with a size standard of $19.5 million. The contract term will be a base period of up to twelve (12) months with four (4) option periods (12 months each), not to exceed a total of 60 months. These services are currently being performed under contract N62470-22-D-0004 for Professional Support Services (PSS) which was awarded to Bristol Infrastructure Design Services, LLC. That solicitation was issued as an 8(a) Sole Source award. THIS PROCUREMENT WILL BE SOLICITED AS AN 8(A) COMPETITIVE SET-ASIDE. A sources sought was issued to Contract Opportunities via System for Award Management (SAM) on 8 December 2025 to determine availability and capability of businesses to perform the requirement. As a result of the market research analysis, a determination was made to solicit as an 8(a) competitive procurement. NAVFAC Atlantic’s Office of Small Business Programs concurs with this decision. 8(a) program participants may submit a proposal which will be considered by the agency. All prospective contractors are required to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at https://www.sam.gov. You are encouraged to register as soon as possible. The anticipated RFP date is on or about 29 April 2026, and the solicitation number will be N62470-26-R-0013. Offerors can view and/or download the solicitation and notification of any changes (amendments) to the solicitation will be posted to Contract Opportunities on the https://www.sam.gov website when it becomes available. All prospective offerors are encouraged to register with the site so you will receive emails applicable to the solicitation and/or solicitations of interest. It is the offeror’s sole responsibility to check the Contract Opportunities on the https://www.sam.gov website frequently for any and all amendments to this solicitation. No additional information is currently available, and the Government will NOT respond to questions regarding the pre-solicitation notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SHANNON PRICE
  - Email: shannon.e.price3.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573228180

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/57e57a2f392b4676835bc51d83e0950b/view)