---
layout: default
title: Synopsis and Draft PWS for F/A-18E/F Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: d5c0854b65be4bb48f51d50b4035a8ff
---

# Synopsis and Draft PWS for F/A-18E/F Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 06:43:31.184-04
- Solicitation Number: N68520-25-RFPREQ-F300000-0021-DRAFTPWS

## Summary

***Presolicitation Notice is being updated to provide Government's response to questions received. The Government is not currently accepting additional questions. The Government intends to post a Draft Solicitation prior to Solicitation release and will allow for additional Questions at that time. ******* DISCLAIMER THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO SOLICIT OR AWARD A TASK ORDER AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS BEING USED TO OBTAIN QUESTIONS FROM POTENTIAL OFFERORS IN REVIEWING THE DRAFT PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT/STATEMENT OF WORK (PWS/SOW) IN PREPARATION FOR ISSUANCE OF A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL.

1.0 Introduction The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) Commander, Fleet Readiness Center (COMFRC) announces its intention to procure on a competitive basis Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) services for Commander, Naval Air Forces Reserve (CNAFR) F/A-18E/F aircraft used in an Adversary role. This Pre-Solicitation Synopsis is being used to gather constructive information from industry to improve the PWS/SOW. These requirements are subject to change and the information provided below is for informational purposes only. The final requirement will be defined under a formal RFP. This pre-solicitation notice does not constitute an invitation for bids, a request for proposal, a solicitation, a request for quote or an indication that the Government will contract for the items provided by responder. The Government will not reimburse responders for any costs associated with the preparation or submission of the information requested. Response to this notice-is strictly voluntary and will not affect any potential offeror's ability to submit an offer if a solicitation is released. The Government will disregard any requests for a solicitation package. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this notice or otherwise pay for the information requested. The Government will not return submittals to the responders. The Government may request that responders provide additional information/details based on their initial submittals. Current Contract Incumbent: None Applicable – New Requirement Current Contract Award: N/A Industry Day: At this time, we do not anticipate holding an Industry Day

2.0 Objective This requirement is for the CNAFR F/A-18E/F aircraft used in an Adversary role planned to be located at Naval Air Station (NAS) New Orleans, LA. Additional primary operational locations and detachment sites may include: NAS Key West, FL, NAS Point Mugu, CA, NAS Oceana, VA, and/or NAS Lemoore, CA. This is a new requirement to provide adversary support for Fleet Replacement Squadrons, Strike Fighter Advanced Readiness Program, Carrier Air Wing Training, and Strike Fighter Weapons and Tactics Program, as well as other fleet training requirements. The requirement calls for contractor to provide and maintain organizational (O), limited intermediate (I), and limited Depot (D) level aircraft maintenance, management, logistics support services for the CNAFR assets. O and limited I and D level maintenance is maintenance which is performed at the site where the aircraft are permanently assigned or on temporary detachment. The Government is providing a draft PWS accompanying this Synopsis to allow potential offerors to engage with the Government in providing responses to questions on the subject requirement. The Government is also open to feedback to alternative approaches that can provide the best services to the fleet. Interested Businesses can request access to PWS via SAM.gov, immediately before/after your request, submit DD2345 JCP cert to Elden Greuber at (elden.j.greuber.civ@us.navy.mil), and Meghan Huett at (meghan.e.huett.civ@us.navy.mil) Notional schedule: RFP Release: Fall/Winter 2026 Contract Award: Spring/Summer 2027

3.0 Eligibility Product Service Code (PSC) for this requirement is J015 – Maintenance, Repair and Rebuilding of Equipment: Aircraft and Airframe Structural Components North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 488190 – Other Support Activities for Air Transportation

4.0 Submission Information ALL BUSINESSES THAT ARE INTERESTED IN RESPONDING SHOULD SUBMIT QUESTIONS USING ATTACHMENT 1 – QUESTION SUBMITTAL FORM. THE RESULTS OF THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE HAS THE POSSIBILITY TO BE UTILIZED TO FINALIZE THE PWS/SOW. THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS BEING USED TO DETERMINE QUESTIONS FROM POTENTIAL OFFERORS IN REVIEWING THE DRAFT PWS/SOW IN PREPARATION FOR ISSUANCE OF A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. Any resultant solicitation(s) will be released on Solicitation Module on the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) at https;//piee.eb.mil. and on System for Award Management (SAM) on https://www.SAM.gov. It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor these websites for additional information as the direct method of communication with the Government. The Government’s intent is to receive and review industry feedback/questions within the PWS/SOW. All answers to questions that provide clarifications to the posted potential requirement will be provided as an update to this notice. Interested Businesses can request access to PWS via SAM.gov, immediately before/after your request, submit DD2345 JCP cert to Elden Greuber at (elden.j.greuber.civ@us.navy.mil), and Meghan Huett at (meghan.e.huett.civ@us.navy.mil) Submit questions using Attachment 2 – Question Submittal Form to Elden Greuber at (elden.j.greuber.civ@us.navy.mil), and Meghan Huett at (meghan.e.huett.civ@us.navy.mil); no later than 12:00 PM Eastern Time (ET) on February 10, 2026. No phone or email solicitations with regard to the status of the RFP will be accepted prior to its release. All data received in response to this Presolicitation Notice, marked or designated as corporate or proprietary, will be fully protected from release outside the Government. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. Classified material SHALL NOT be submitted. Vendors should appropriately mark any data that is proprietary or has restricted data rights Responses to this Pre-solicitation Notice, including any questions/feedback and communications regarding this solicitation posting, shall be electronically submitted via email. All responses must be sufficient in detail to permit agency analysis to responses to any questions/feedback. Any other specific and pertinent information as pertains to this particular area of procurement that would enhance the Government’s consideration and evaluation of the information submitted are highly encouraged. Questions and comments are highly encouraged.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elden Greuber
  - Email: elden.j.greuber.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Meghan Huett
  - Email: meghan.e.huett.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – QUESTION SUBMITTAL FORM. THE RESULTS OF THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE HAS THE POSSIBILITY TO BE UTILIZED TO FINALIZE THE PWS/SOW. THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS BEING USED TO DETERMINE QUESTIONS FROM POTENTIAL OFFERORS IN REVIEWING THE DRAFT PWS/SOW IN PREPARATION FOR ISSUANCE OF A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. Any resultant solicitation(s) will be released on Solicitation Module on the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) at https;//piee.eb.mil. and on System for Award Management (SAM) on https://www.SAM.gov. It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor these websites for additional information as the direct method of communication with the Government. The Government’s intent is to receive and review industry feedback/questions within the PWS/SOW. All answers to questions that provide clarifications to the posted potential requirement will be provided as an update to this notice. Interested Businesses can request access to PWS via SAM.gov, immediately before/after your request, submit DD2345 JCP cert to Elden Greuber at (elden.j.greuber.civ@us.navy.mil), and Meghan Huett at (meghan.e.huett.civ@us.navy.mil) Submit questions using Attachment 2 – Question Submittal Form to Elden Greuber at (elden.j.greuber.civ@us.navy.mil), and Meghan Huett at (meghan.e.huett.civ@us.navy.mil); no later than 12:00 PM Eastern Time (ET) on February 10, 2026. No phone or email solicitations with regard to the status of the RFP will be accepted prior to its release. All data received in response to this Presolicitation Notice, marked or designated as corporate or proprietary, will be fully protected from release outside the Government. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. Classified material SHALL NOT be submitted. Vendors should appropriately mark any data that is proprietary or has restricted data rights Responses to this Pre-solicitation Notice, including any questions/feedback and communications regarding this solicitation posting, shall be electronically submitted via email. All responses must be sufficient in detail to permit agency analysis to responses to any questions/feedback. Any other specific and pertinent information as pertains to this particular area of procurement that would enhance the Government’s consideration and evaluation of the information submitted are highly encouraged. Questions and comments are highly encouraged

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d5c0854b65be4bb48f51d50b4035a8ff/view)