---
layout: default
title: 6515--EPPENDORF CENTRIFUGE
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 062458c0add94f6ca73d9abfd99d75cc
---

# 6515--EPPENDORF CENTRIFUGE

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 16:20:14.261-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0586
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a source sought notice/request for information only. The responses to this posting will be used to establish the procurement strategy, for example, set-aside, sole source, unrestricted for a solicitation that VA intends to post in the near future. Please review the attached document(s) for more details on this requirement. See attached document(s): -36C25626Q0586 - Request for Information (RFI) -Statement of Work (SOW) DISCLAIMER: THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTE, PROPOSAL, OR BID. This notice is not a solicitation as defined by FAR 2.101, therefore it shall not be construed as a commitment by the government to enter into a contract, nor does it restrict the government to an acquisition approach. All information contained in this Request for Information (RFI) is preliminary as well as subject to amendment and is in no way binding on the government. Information submitted in response to this notice is voluntary; the government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the government. The government is requesting that restrictive or proprietary markings not be used in response to this notice. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized in the Federal Contract Opportunities website or General Services Administration (GSA). It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this RFI. 1. Title: 36C25626Q0586 - Eppendorf Cetrifuge 2. Purpose: The purpose of this RFI is to identify potential sources that will aid in defining the procurement strategy for example, set-aside, sole source, or unrestricted for a solicitation the VA intends on issuing shortly as follows: The Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center (MEDVAMC) located in Houston, Texas has a requirement for Hot Water Pumps, items listed below: Item # Description/Part Number* Products QTY 1. Eppendorf Centrifuge 5810 - Benchtop Centrifuge, Capacity: 4 x 750 mL (w/ inc. rotor), Max. RCF: 3,214 x g (w/ incl. rotor), Max. Speed: 3,900 rpm (w/ incl. rotor), Refrigerated: No, Controller Type: Keypad, Dimensions: 13 x 21 x 24 in. (33 x 54 x 61 cm) 5 EA 2. Eppendorf Aerosol-tight Caps, For Use With: Microtitor plate with 750mL bucket in S-4-104 rotor with 5810/5810R centrifuge. 10 EA The anticipated Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard for the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing and a standard size of 1000 employees. Product Supply Code (PSC) 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies.. 3. Responses Requested: The following questions must be answered in response to this RFI. Answers that are not provided shall be considered non-responsive to the RFI: a. Are the requested items manufactured by a small or large business? Vendor must attach documentation of this information to be viewed by the government to be considered as part of Market Research and responsiveness to this Sources Sought notice: b. Is the potential vendor in compliance with the Non-Manufacturer Rule (NMR)? Vendor must attach documentation of this to be viewed by the government to be considered as part of the Market Research and responsiveness to this Sources Sought notice: c. Is the Vendor an authorized distributor with access to Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) parts which may be required in completion of this requirement? The VA does not accept grey market items; therefore, the Vendor must attach an authorized distribution letter as an approved and authorized vendor on OEM letterhead by the manufacturer as evidence of proof to be viewed by the government to be considered as part of the Market Research and responsiveness to this Sources Sought notice. d. Name of potential Contractor that possesses the capability to fulfill this requirement. Contractors shall also provide the following: Point(s) of contact name: ______________________________________ Address: ___________________________________________________ Telephone number: ___________________________________________ Email address: _______________________________________________ Company's business size: _______________________________________ UEI #: ______________________________ CAGE Code: _______________________________ e. Is your company considered a small business concern, SB, SDVOSB, VOSB, HUBZone, or 8A concern, with the requisite 339112 NAICS code? Please provide proof of qualifications. f. Is your company available under any Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC), GSA Schedule, Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), and/or Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA)? If so, please identify the contract number for the government to review as part of this Market Research. 4. Opportunity/Market Pricing: MEDVAMC is seeking information from potential vendors on their ability to provide the required items/equipment. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this RFI in order to assist the MEDVAMC in determining potential levels of competition and general market pricing available in the industry. Vendors are requested to submit estimated market research pricing along with their responses to the above. The estimated pricing will be considered when determining the procurement strategy for the forthcoming solicitation. Contractor shall provide answers to all questions requested and shall possess the ability to provide all requirements and objectives per the DRAFT STATEMENT OF WORK. 5. RFI responses are due by 12:00 pm Central Standard Time on April 10, 2026; size is limited to 8.5 x 11 inches, 12-point font, with 1-inch margins in Microsoft Word format via email to frank.sanders1@va.gov The subject line shall read: RFI 36C25626Q0586 - Eppendorf Cetrifuge. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 3(a) - 3(g). Please provide the information you deem relevant in order to respond to the specific inquiries of the RFI. Information provided will be used solely by MEDVAMC as Market Research and will not be released outside of the MEDVAMC Purchasing and Contracting Team. 6. Contact Information: Frank Sanders frank.sanders1@va.gov See attached document: Statement of Work Eppendorf Cetrifuge.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Frank Sanders
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: frank.sanders1@va.gov
  - Phone: (713) 791-1414 x 25729

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/062458c0add94f6ca73d9abfd99d75cc/view)