---
layout: default
title: Market Survey: The FAA is seeking interested Contractors that have the capability to design and construct two new Airport Traffic Control Towers (ATCTs).
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: deaa258494d6400eb0bf82768b1c3f85
---

# Market Survey: The FAA is seeking interested Contractors that have the capability to design and construct two new Airport Traffic Control Towers (ATCTs).

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 07:20:05.61-04
- Solicitation Number: 697DCK-26-R-00207

## Summary

Annoucement was amended to correct item #18 to state: 18. What impact, if any are you experiencing with respect to upcoming or expected projects? Annoucement was amended to correctly number the items listed below Market Survey: The FAA is seeking interested Contractors that have the capability to design and construct two new Airport Traffic Control Towers (ATCTs). Height and cab size data for each tower is provided as follows: Prescott, AZ (PRC) Prescott Regional Airport 650 square foot, twelve-sided cab configuration Highest elevation for an occupied floor (Cab floor) will be at 5,165 feet AMSL, with an estimated height of 140 feet AGL to the Cab floor, and an estimated height of 175 feet AGL to the top of the structure (AGL measurements are based on the site’s current ground elevation). The ATCT will be accompanied by a one-story base building, with an estimated area of 13,903 square feet. Mesa, AZ (FFZ) Falcon Field Airport 550 square foot, eight-sided cab configuration Highest elevation for an occupied floor (Cab floor) will be at 1,493 feet AMSL, with an estimated height of 111 feet AGL to the Cab floor, and an estimated height of 146 feet AGL to the top of the structure (AGL measurements are based on the site’s current ground elevation). The ATCT will be accompanied by a one-story base building, with an estimated area of 11,725 square feet. The FAA estimates that the cost of the towers will be between $40 million - $70 million per site. Introduction: In order to assist with acquisition strategy development and to gain a better understanding of the commercial marketplace, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is seeking interested sources that are capable of performing the work to design and construct two (2) Air Traffic Control Towers. The FAA plans to utilize the Design-Build project delivery method and intends to use a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Disclaimer: This announcement is not a Screening Information Request (SIR) or a Request for Proposal (RFP). The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is not seeking or accepting unsolicited proposals. The responses to this market survey are intended solely for informational purposes. However, the FAA reserves the right to use the information obtained in connection with this market survey to conduct future procurement activities in support of the Brand-New Air Traffic Control initiative. This announcement should not be interpreted as a commitment or promise by the Government to enter a contract. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred in the preparation or submission of inquiries or responses to this announcement and will not reimburse any firm for these expenses. Responses will not be returned. North American Industry Classification (NAICS) Code: The NAICS code projected for this project is 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction with a size standard of $45 million. Submittal Requirement for Market Survey: Name of Company (the resultant Prime contractor that may ultimately be awarded the subsequent contract). Address Point of Contact name, e-mail address and telephone number Business Classification: Large, 8(a) Certified, SDB, Small Business, etc. UEI Number Relevant experience of large complex construction projects of similar value. Bonding Capacity Number of years in Business Relevant experience of vertical construction projects: of a high-rise structure, defined as any building where there is an occupied floor more than 75 feet above the lowest level of fire department vehicle access valued at a minimum of $10,000,000.00 comparable complexity would be projects at mission-critical facilities like Air Traffic Control facilities, hospitals, and data centers, in a similar geographical area, completed within the past ten (10) years 10. Vendors may suggest an alternative contract type to Firm Fixed Price (FFP). If you propose an alternative, explain the benefits, how it meets the needs of the project, and how it meets the needs of the competitive marketplace. 11. How likely is your firm to consider bidding on a project that offers incentive-based contracts? 12. What type of contract incentive structure would be most appealing to your firm? Describe why you prefer one incentive structure over another. The following are examples of common contract incentive structures: performance-based bonuses, schedule acceleration incentives, cost savings incentives, and shared savings incentives. 13.Please specify whether your firm would be interested in submitting a proposal for one or both project locations. If interested in both, indicate whether you would be interested in proposing separately for each location or as a combined offering? 13.1 : If both project sites are required to be executed simultaneously (you may not wait for completion of one project to begin the other), does this cause your firm to lose interest in submitting a proposal for both sites? Please explain if this requirement changes your firm’s level of interest in one or both projects, and why. 14. What would you propose as a duration period (in calendar days) necessary to complete the design and construction of each individual tower, utilizing the design-build project delivery method? 15. Please describe any action the FAA could take that would increase your firm’s level of interest in submitting proposals for one or both of the projects. 16. Do you currently have Design-Build Teaming agreements in place? 17. What are the opportunities or potential risks you foresee in this procurement? 18. What impact, if any are you experiencing with respect to upcoming or expected projects? 19. Does your firm have any preference for projects where the structure is primarily constructed using pre-cast concrete or steel? If your firm has a preference, please describe why and how it affects your level of interest in a project. Summary of Work: General facility design and construction elements include, but are not limited to, the following: All permitting and temporary structures. Site clearing, site investigations and earthwork. All site work, infrastructure, ATCT, and an adjacent administrative building (Base Building) All facility systems and equipment for conveying, plumbing, HVAC, fire protection, and electrical. Utility extensions and ancillary site components. Connectivity from the ATCT to equipment around the airfield. Access roadways, parking lot, miscellaneous pedestrian walkways and native landscaping. Security perimeter fencing and access control. Scope of services include, but are not limited to, the following: Design: All design services, materials, supplies, equipment layouts and connections, permits, surveying, investigations and project supervision, quality control and quality assurance, and construction support services. The design and final construction documents prepared under this contract must comply with the FAA’s Terminal Facilities Design Standard (TFDS) Construction: All labor, materials, furnishings, equipment, supervision, quality control, quality assurance, and administration for the construction phase of the Contract, to provide a fully functional and approved ATCT facility that meets the needs of the FAA. FAA to supply, install, and maintain NAS electronic equipment. Commissioning Coordination and Support: All services, labor, materials, equipment and testing to implement the Commissioning Plan with a third-party Commissioning Agent hired by the FAA. Commissioning is defined as a quality focused process for verifying and documenting that the facility and all of its systems and assemblies are planned, designed, installed, and tested to comply with all applicable codes, regulations, and contractual requirements. Delivery of Submittals: Submittals to this market survey shall be e-mailed to Susan Newcomb (Contracting Officer) at Susan.Newcomb@faa.gov no later than 5:00 p.m. EST on April 21, 2026. All questions must be in writing and emailed to the Contracting Officer. No phone calls will be returned regarding this market survey SAM Registration An active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) must be obtained to be considered for any Government award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sue Newcomb
  - Email: Susan.Newcomb@faa.gov
  - Phone: 7812387659
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Noah Laub
  - Email: Noah.H-CTR.Laub@faa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/deaa258494d6400eb0bf82768b1c3f85/view)