---
layout: default
title: W075--Intra Enterprise/Depot Express Package Scanning System Licenses in support of the Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) 20. See Notice for locations and details
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f98d5ca263644a218b44f45ae1e03e49
---

# W075--Intra Enterprise/Depot Express Package Scanning System Licenses in support of the Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) 20. See Notice for locations and details

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 09:51:47.765-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0572
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This is not a solicitation for bids, proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of all qualified sources to perform a potential requirement. The responses received from interested contractors will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method. The intended contract is a firm-fixed price. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office (NCO) 20, is conducting market research to identify potential sources which can provide the following in support of the Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) 20. VISN 20 has a need for a single award Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) for Intra Enterprise and Depot Express Package Tracking System licenses. This will be a brand name or equal requirement. Background: The VA Northwest Health Network, Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN 20), is responsible for providing health care to Veterans in the states of Alaska, Washington, Oregon, most of the state of Idaho, and one county each in Montana and California. We cover 817,417 square miles, approximately 23% of the US. Our eight facilities currently operate over 1,100 inpatient beds for acute medical/surgical, mental health, nursing home, and rehabilitative care. Six of the eight facility Supply Chain Management departments need a replacement contract vehicle that provides Package Tracking System Licenses and Warranty/Replacement Program to continue the use of the infrastructure and workflow processes that have been put into place over the past couple of years. The system provides Supply Chain Management staff and recipients of expected packages with a real-time view of package tracking. The system also creates a record of the full chain of custody from receiving/request through pickup/delivery, inducing attempted deliveries. Use of cordless scanners, barcode printers, workstation and mobile applications, the real-time system increases the efficiency of Supply Chain Management operations, provides visibility of urgent or miss-delivery, and allows recipients a quick and user-friendly way to check the status of their expected delivery. The desktop version of the system software for is TRM approved and the mobile version is authorized by Mobile Technology and Endpoint Security Engineering Team on iOS devices. Scope: VA intends to award a VISN-wide contract for Package Tracking System licenses and an associated warranty/replacement program. The Package Tracking System shall integrate with existing cordless scanners, barcode printers, and mobile application infrastructure to scan and track packages being delivered to the VA facility from any external carrier and internally within the facility. The Package Tracking System shall include signature capture and must be accessible via computer/workstations and iOS mobile devices. The system must provide a real-time, end-to-end view of package tracking workflows. The system shall maintain a comprehensive record of the full chain of custody, from receipt or request through pickup and delivery. The system shall allow the VA to retain all the historical data and allow recipients of expected package view only access of the tracking data. The system warranty/replacement program shall provide seamless replacement or warranty service for cordless scanners and barcode printers as needed. Licenses and Warranty/Replacement Program: Intra Enterprise platform, computer/workstation, and mobile licenses Package tracking workflow licenses Warranty/replacement program for existing cordless scanners and barcode printers Estimated quantities for each year are as follows: Description/Part Number Quantity Unit SUB-INTRA-PLT-T1 Intra Enterprise - Platform License 5 EA SUB-INTRA-PLT-T2 Intra Enterprise - Platform License 1 EA SUB-WKS Intra Enterprise - Smart Client Workstation License 33 EA SUB-MBL Intra Enterprise - Mobile/Tablet License 51 EA SUB-WKFL-PKTR-T2 SUB-WKFL-PKTR-T2 1 EA CIH-HS-DS2C Depot Express for Cordless Scanner 24 YR CIH-HS-PT1 Depot Express for Barcode Printer 21 YR Contractor Point of Contact: The contractor shall provide telephone number(s) and contact person(s) to be used by the facility to make calls for system-related inquiries, request problem solving solutions and warranty/replacements during normal business hours, 8 am to 4 pm Pacific Time, excluding federal holidays. Performance Monitoring: This contractor will be monitored by Government POC through tracking the access to the package tracking platform and licenses, and by monitoring the response time for the warranty/replacement program as needed. Period of Performance: The period of performance shall be one twelve-month base period plus four additional twelve-month option period as stated below: Base Year 1 December 2026 30 November 2027 Option Year One (1) 1 December 2027 30 November 2028 Option Year Two (2) 1 December 2028 30 November 2029 Option Year Three (3) 1 December 2029 30 November 2030 Option Year Four (4) 1 December 2030 30 November 2031 Place of Performance: Contract performance shall take place at the contractor s location(s); the system will be accessed from the VISN 20 locations stated below, to include Community-based Outpatient Clinics (not listed below) and remote VA employee locations. Station Address 531-VA Boise Medical Center 500 West Fort Street Boise, ID 83702 648-VA Portland Medical Center 3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Road Portland, OR 97239 653-VA Roseburg Health Care System 913 NW Garden Valley Blvd. Roseburg, OR 974701 668-VA Spokane Medical Center 4815 North Assembly Street Spokane, WA 99205 687-Jonathan M. Wainwright Memorial VA Medical Center 77 Wainwright Drive Walla Walla, WA 99362 693-VA Southern Oregon Rehabilitation Center and Clinics 8495 Crater Lake Highway White City, OR 97503 Potential candidates having the capabilities necessary to provide the stated services at a fair and reasonable price are invited to respond to this Sources Sought Notice via e-mail to Jennifer Robles at jennifer.robles1@va.gov no later than April 29, 2026, 3PM, Mountain Time. No telephone inquiries will be accepted. RESPONSES SHOULD INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: Company name, address, SAM UEI, and business size; point of contact name, phone number, and e-mail address; whether services are presently offered on a current GSA Federal Supply Schedule contract, NASA SEWP, or any other Federal contract. NAICS Code 541519, 150 employees, is applicable to determine business size standard. VAAR 852.219-75, VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting will apply to this requirement in accordance with VAAR 819.711(b) if market research indicates a SDVOSB/VOSB set-aside or sole source award is appropriate. SDVOSB/VOSBs are asked to indicate whether they can comply with the requirements set forth in VAAR 852.219-75 should a set-aside or sole source award be considered. Full text available here: https://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/vaar852.asp#85221976. Any questions or concerns may also be directed via email to Jennifer Robles at jennifer.robles1@va.gov. Disclaimer and Important Notes: This Sources Sought Notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. The Government will treat any information received as proprietary and will not share such information with other companies. Any organization responding to this Sources Sought Notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization's qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. The Government may or may not issue a solicitation as a result of this announcement. There is no solicitation available at this time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Robles
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: jennifer.robles1@va.gov
  - Phone: 253-888-4924

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f98d5ca263644a218b44f45ae1e03e49/view)