---
layout: default
title: F108 Large Tip Fuel Nozzles (Remanufacture)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 33360c38136640999cf8e4025a1d5df1
---

# F108 Large Tip Fuel Nozzles (Remanufacture)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 14:21:43.22-04
- Solicitation Number: FD20302401281_01

## Summary

INTERESTED SOURCES MUST SELECT “ADD ME TO INTERESTED VENDORS” BUTTON ABOVE OR BELOW TO BE CONSIDERED PARTICIPANTS IN THIS MARKET RESEARCH EFFORT. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. REQUESTS FOR SOLICITATION WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE. This Sources Sought Synopsis (SSS) is in support of Market Research being conducted by the United States Air Force to identify potential Remanufacture sources for the requirements identified below and to determine if this effort can be competitive or a Small Business Set-Aside. The Government may consider breaking the requirement out by airframe. This is not a Request for Proposal (or solicitation) or an indication that a contractual commitment will exist for this requirement. The government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this market research. No funds are available to fund the information solicited. The Government will use the information gathered through publication of this SSS to determine the best acquisition strategy for this requirement. The Government is interested in all potential sources including Small Businesses, Small Disadvantaged Businesses, 8(a) businesses, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses, HUBZone Small Businesses, Women-Owned Small Businesses, etc. The 421st SCMS Supply Chain Management Squadron located at Tinker Air Force Base is requesting information, pursuant to FAR PART 10, in support of Market Research to identify potential sources for the Remanufacture of the NSN(s) listed below. REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall be capable of furnishing all required labor, material, facilities and equipment to accomplish repair, test, preservation and packaging, and return to the government a like new unit. Contractor will be responsible for supply chain management, logistics, forecasting of parts, long-lead parts procurement, reparable forecasting, obsolescence issues and delivery of completed assets. The repair requirement for this effort is identified below: Part Number NSN Estimated Repair Requirement 508P270-14 2915-01-332-9907 PN 25 ea. per year 508P270-27 2915-01-326-1471 PN 508P270-28 508P270-41 508P270-08 6810184M30 2915-01-190-9242 PN 125 ea. per year 6840023M1 2916-01-236-8313 PN 508P270-10 2915-01-322-9906 PN 25 ea. per year 508P270-29 508P270-30 508P270-42 6840023M2 2915-01-219-3163PN 6810184M33 2915-01-236-8314PN 25 ea. per year 6810184M36 6840023M2 2915-01-236-8314PN 6840023M8 2915-01-236-8314PN 100 ea. per year 6840023M2 6840023M1 2915-01-236-8313PN 6840023M7 2915-01-236-8313PN 800 ea. per year 1317M47G01 TECHNICAL DATA The government does not have the associated technical data to provide to potential sources. Technical Orders applicable to this source sought synopsis are as follows: See Repair Data List (RDL) or List of TO's attached to this document (if available) Government provided data is annotated on the RDL attached to this posting. Absence of an RDL indicates the Government cannot provide technical data and that potential sources are required to independently acquire the necessary technical data to satisfy this requirement. See Public Sales Fact Sheet attached to this document Requests for TECHNICAL ORDERS should be submitted to the Tinker AFB Public Sales Office in accordance with the instructions contained in the “TO Public Sales Fact Sheet”. Requests for TECHNICAL ORDERS need to be emailed to AFLCMC.LZP.PUBSALES@us.af.mil Tinker AFB TO Public Sales Office Phone: (405) 736-3868/3197 or DSN: 336-3868/3197 See PubSalesForm Excel Spreadsheet attached to this document If drawings are listed on RDL, requests for Engineering Drawings in response to SSS posting should be submitted using the EXCEL spreadsheet and send to Tinker Engineering Drawings Public Sales Desk Email: email ocalc.lgldo.public@us.af.mil Phone: 405-736-4676, or DSN: 336-4676 SOURCE APPROVAL Potential sources wishing to be qualified to perform the requirement specified above are REQUIRED to complete a Source Approval Request (SAR) package as specified in the Qualification Requirements for this item. QR's, if applicable, are attached to this notice. The QR attached to this document is for reference only. The official synopsis of the QR's for this item can be found by searching www.sam.gov/ for the keyword “Repair / Remanufacture Qualification Requirements RQR-PSD-1”. Changes to the item list or QRs will be published to the official solicitation, not this notice. If class RQR’s are not applicable to part (RMSC codes applicable are: C, D, K, M, N, P, Q, R, S, V, and Z), attach appropriate QR here. See RQRs attached to this document For Questions regarding the Tinker SAR Process or related issues, these inquiries should be submitted to the AFSC Small Business Office at: AFSC/SB 3001 Staff Drive, Suite 1AG 85A Tinker AFB, OK 73145-3009 Email: afsc.sb.workflow@us.af.mil Website: https://www.afsc.af.mil/units/sbo/index.asp The actual SAR Package submission itself shall be submitted electronically through DoD SAFE https:// safe.apps.mil/. DoD SAFE is a safe and secure option for large file submissions. If you have a PKI Certificate, the SAR can be sent directly to the POC email addresses below via DoD SAFE. If you do not have a PKI Certificate, then you must send a standard email message to the POC email addresses below, and ask that they “Request a Drop-Off” to your email address via DoD SAFE, which will enable you to be able to Upload the SAR Submission Package documents to DoD SAFE. 429SCMS.SASPO.Workflow@us.af.mil and amy.livengood@us.af.mil. Estimated Solicitation Information The government requests that interested parties respond to this notice if applicable and provide the requested information in Part I below. Part I. Business Information Please provide the following business information for your company/institution and for any teaming or joint venture partners: Company/Institute Name: Address: Point of Contact: CAGE Code: Phone Number: E-mail Address: Web Page URL: Size of business pursuant to North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code: Based on the above NAICS Code, state whether your company is: Small Business (Yes / No) Woman Owned Small Business (Yes / No) Small Disadvantaged Business (Yes / No) 8(a) Certified (Yes / No) HUBZone Certified Veteran Owned Small Business (Yes / No) Service-Disabled Veteran Small Business (Yes / No) Unique Entity ID (UEI) A statement as to whether your company is domestically or foreign owned (if foreign, please indicate the country of ownership). As stated above, this SSS is issued solely for informational and planning purposes, and no funds are available to fund the information requested. The information in this notice is current as of the publication date but is subject to change and is not binding to the Government. Oral submission are not acceptable for any requested information. Please submit responses by: 03/18/2026 Note: Potential sources should only submit questions regarding this post to the above email address. DO NOT CONTACT THE ORIGINATOR OF THIS POST WITH QUESTIONS.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michele Clark, Contracting Specialist
  - Email: michele.clark.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 4057364112
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: William Loftis, Contracting Officer
  - Email: william.loftis@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 4057344620

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/33360c38136640999cf8e4025a1d5df1/view)