---
layout: default
title: J041--Preventative Maintenance on Delta/EnteliWEB software and the replacement of existing controls to integrate with Delta Control Building Automation System at the Northern Arizona VA Healthcare system
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 28b488ae33254edcb34bb03747f1a6d2
---

# J041--Preventative Maintenance on Delta/EnteliWEB software and the replacement of existing controls to integrate with Delta Control Building Automation System at the Northern Arizona VA Healthcare system

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 12:57:27.071-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0682
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Announcement: This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY , it is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this sources-sought must be in writing. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential sources capable of providing the services described in the statement of work below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) Company name: (b) Address: (c) Point of Contact: (d) Phone, Fax (if applicable), and Email: (e) Unique Entity ID: (f) Cage Code: (g) Tax ID Number: (h) Type of business, SDVOSB; VOSB, WOSB, small, large, etc., as appropriate: (i) Must provide a Capability Statement that addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the statement of work draft described below in italics. Failure to provide sufficient information may result in the Government s inability to determine whether the respondent is capable. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Northern Arizona VA Healthcare System, Bob Stump VA Medical Center, located at 500 Highway 89 North, Prescott, AZ is seeking potential qualified contractors to provide preventative and corrective maintenance on Delta Controls/EnteliWEB control system and the replacement of existing control components to successfully integrate into existing Delta Controls building automation system. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to Loan.Dho@va.gov. All e-mails must have as the subject line 36C26226Q0682 Preventative Maintenance on Delta/EnteliWEB software and replacement of existing control components . All information submissions must be received no later than 04:00 PM (PST) on April, 27th, 2026 via email to Loan Dho at loan.dho@va.gov. Statement of Work BOB STUMP DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTER 500 AZ-89 Prescott AZ. 86313 1. Contract Title: Building Automation Controls and Service Contract 2. Background: The Northern VA Arizona Healthcare System (NAVAHCS), Bob Stump Medical Center, is seeking a contractor to replace and integrate existing controls systems towards sole Delta Controls building automation system (BAS). The Northern Arizona VA Healthcare System (NAVAHCS) operates its Building Automated Management System on a DELTA backbone using EnteliWEB software to interface and control the system. This system controls the HVAC systems in multiple buildings throughout the campus through the Primary Interface located in Building 22 (HVAC Shop). 3. Scope: Contractor shall provide Service, Preventative Maintenance, and Annual Software Renewal on Delta/EnteliWEB version updates to the NAVAHCS. Contractor to resolve VA identified issues with the DELTA/EnteliWEB control system. Contractor shall provide all necessary labor, materials, supplies, parts, software, tools, equipment, transportation expenses, and other related costs for the requirement described in this statement of work. Contractor shall provide replacement of existing control components to successfully integrate into existing Delta Controls BAS. The contractor shall provide required supplies, equipment, and personnel needed to complete the replacement of VFD s, UPS s, Pressure Sensor Monitors, Actuators, Peripheral Equipment, Trouble Shooting, Programing, Staff training & assistance when requested located at the Bob Stump VA Medical Center (NAVAHCS), 500 Highway 89 N, Prescott, AZ. Contractor shall provide equipment, supplies, and personnel to perform work in strict accordance with the Specifications, Statement of Work, schedule, all VA local, federal, state, applicable regulations, and all other supporting documents required. 4. Tasks: This Statement of Work (SOW) is to obtain continuous service contract for the automated controls system at the Bob Stump Medical Center (NAVAHCS). Over the next five (5) years. This is a base plus 4 option year contract. This is to be a full-service contract which shall include: VFD replacement Programming, troubleshooting, replacement of all associated devices, I.E. actuators, temperature sensors, pressure sensors, and UPS backups. The replacement of any VFD and associated electrical components must be performed by a qualified electrical contractor under the selected contractors contract. It shall be the responsibility of the selected contractor to provide appropriate contractors/personnel. To include all materials to successfully replace the VFD and the associated electrical components at no cost to the government. To be performed to the most current NFPA and electrical standards and codes. This contract is also to include preventative maintenance and corrective maintenance of 2 monthly visits (biweekly) per month and 6 alternative visits per year over the duration of the contract to be determined by the COR. This contract is to include on-site training to staff from the selected contractor (Reference Section 11 for details). Contractor Tasks for Base Year: 2 monthly visits. 6 alternative visits per year (call outs) per year. Replacement of 4 VFD s to be determined by selected contractors representee and the HVAC shop. Replacement of all controls components and additional programming as outlined below. Central Plant & B-Courtyard Chilled Water Pump Station Provide & install an extension to the existing Delta Controls BACnet Energy Management System. Wire and program all necessary Delta Controls BACnet EMS controllers as needed to control A. Air Cooled Chiller (Quantity: 3) i. Control 1. Chiller Start/Stop 2. Chilled Water Setpoint 3. CHW Isolation Valve (Valve and Actuator Existing) ii. Status 1. Chiller Status 2. Chiller Alarm 3. Common Chilled Water Supply Temperature (New Sensor) 4. Common Chilled Water Return Temperature (New Sensor) 5. Chilled Water Flow (Existing Flow Meter) B. Primary Chilled Water Pump (Quantity: 3) i. Control 1. Pump Start/Stop 2. Pump Speed ii. Status Pump Status C. Secondary Chilled Water Pump Station (Each with 2 pumps in lead/lag) (Quantity: 2) i. Control 1. Start/Stop 2. Speed 3. 3-Way Bypass Valve Actuator (Valve and Actuator Existing) ii. Status 1. Pump Status 2. VFD Alarm 3. System Differential Pressure (New Sensor) 4. Provide graphics, engineering, startup, and onsite owner training. 5. Two-year warranty on parts and labor. Contractor Tasks for Option Year 1: 2 monthly visits. 6 alternative visits per year (call outs) per year. Replacement of 4 VFD s to be determined by selected contractors representee and the HVAC shop. Replacement of all controls components and additional programming as outlined below. Building 70 EMS Retrofit 1. Provide, install, wire and program all necessary Delta controllers, sensors, control relays as needed per plans to control: a. Air Handling Unit (Quantity: 2) i. Control 1. Supply Fan Command 2. Supply Fan Speed 3. Return Fan Command 4. Return Fan Speed 5. Mixed Air Damper Command 6. CHW Valve Command 7. HHW Valve Command ii. Status 1. Supply Fan Status 2. Return Fan Status 3. OSA Temperature 4. Return Air Temperature 5. Return Air Humidity 6. Return Air CO2 7. Mixed Air Temperature 8. Freeze Stat 9. Discharge Air Temperature 10. Low Pressure Safety 11. High Pressure Safety 12. Final Filter Differential Pressure b. Air Cooled Chiller (Quantity: 1) i. Control 1. BACNET INTEGRATION OF AVAILABLE POINTS 2. Chiller 1 Enable 3. CHW Isolation Valve Command 4. CW Isolation Valve Command ii. Status 1. BACNET INTEGRATION OF AVAILABLE POINTS 2. Chiller Alarm 3. CHW Supply Temperature 4. CHW Return Temperature 5. CHW Pump #1 Status 6. CHW Pump #2 Status c. Heat Exchanger (Quantity: 1) i. Control 1. Steam Valve Command 2. HHW Pump #1 Command ii. Status 1. HX-1 Supply Temperature 2. HX-1 Return Temperature 3. HX-1 HHW Differential Pressure 4. HX-1 HHW Pump Status d. VAV With HHW (Quantity: 33) i. Control 1. Damper Command 2. HHW Valve Command ii. Status 1. Damper Position 2. Discharge Air Temperature 3. Space Temperature e. General Exhaust Fan (Quantity: 4) i. Control 1. Fan Command ii. Status Fan Status 4. Provide updates to Delta Enterprise EnteliWEB Energy Management System (inclusive of site, floor plan, and equipment graphics) for user interface operation on the existing Windows based server. 5. Class 2 control wiring to be installed in EMT Raceways where inaccessible or exposed. 6. Provide As-Builts, startup, and onsite owner training as needed. 7. Two-year warranty on parts and labor. Contract Tasks for Option Year 2: 2 monthly visits. 6 alternative visits per year (call outs) per year. Replacement of 4 VFD s to be determined by selected contractors representee and the HVAC shop. Replacement of all controls components and additional programming as outlined below. Building 107 5th Floor EMS Retrofit Provide, install, wire and program all necessary Delta controllers, sensors, control relays as needed per plans to control: a. Air Handling Unit (Quantity: 1) Control Supply Fan Command Supply Fan Speed Return Fan Command Return Fan Speed Return Air Damper Command Outdoor Air Damper Command CHW Valve Command HHW Valve Command Status Supply Fan Status Supply Fan VFD Fault Return Fan Status Return Fan VFD Fault Duct Static Pressure OSA Airflow OSA Temperature and Humidity Return Air Temperature and Humidity Discharge Air Temperature and Humidity Mixed Air Temperature Freeze Stat Low Pressure Safety High Pressure Safety Pre-Filter Differential Pressure Final Filter Differential Pressure b. VAV With HHW (Quantity: 15) i. Control 1. Damper Command 2. HHW Valve Command ii. Status 1. Damper Position 2. Discharge Air Temperature 3. Space Temperature c. Critical Exhaust Fan (Quantity: 1) i. Control 1. Fan Command 2. Fan Speed ii. Status 1. Fan Status 2. Duct Pressure d. General Exhaust Fan (Quantity: 5) i. Control 1. Fan Command ii. Status Fan Status 4. Provide updates to Delta Enterprise EnteliWEB Energy Management System (inclusive of site, floor plan, and equipment graphics) for user interface operation on the existing Windows based server. 5. Class 2 control wiring to be installed in EMT Raceways where inaccessible or exposed. 6. Provide As-Builts, startup, and onsite owner training as needed. 7. Two-year warranty on parts and labor. Contract Tasks for Option Year 3: 2 monthly visits. 6 alternative visits per year (call outs) per year. Replacement of 4 VFD s to be determined by selected contractors representee and the HVAC shop. Replacement of all controls components and additional programming as outlined below. Building 160 EMS Retrofit 1. Provide, install, wire and program all necessary Delta controllers, sensors, control relays as needed per plans to control: a. Air Handling Unit (Quantity: 1) i. Control 1. Supply Fan Command 2. Supply Fan Speed 3. Return Fan Command 4. Return Fan Speed 5. Return Air Damper Command 6. Outdoor Air Damper Command 7. CHW Valve Command 8. HHW Valve Command ii. Status 1. Supply Fan Status 2. Return Fan Status 3. Duct Static Pressure 4. OSA Airflow 5. OSA Temperature and Humidity 6. Return Air Temperature and Humidity 7. Discharge Air Temperature and Humidity 8. Mixed Air Temperature 9. Freeze Stat 10. Low Pressure Safety 11. High Pressure Safety 12. Pre-Filter Differential Pressure 13. Final Filter Differential Pressure b. Heat Exchanger (Quantity: 1) i. Control 1. Steam Valve Command 2. HX Isolation Valve Command 3. HHW Pump #1 Command 4. HHW Pump #1 Speed 5. HHW Pump #2 Command 6. HHW Pump #2 Speed ii. Status 1. HX-1 Supply Temperature 2. HX-1 Return Temperature 3. HX-1 HHW Differential Pressure 4. HX-1 HHW Pump #1 Status 5. HX-1 HHW Pump #2 Status 6. HX-1 HHW Flow Rate 7. Steam Line Pressure 8. Steam Line Temperature 9. Sump Alarm A 10. Sump Alarm B c. VAV With HHW (Quantity: 20) i. Control 1. Damper Command 2. HHW Valve Command ii. Status 1. Damper Position 2. Discharge Air Temperature 3. Space Temperature d. Critical Exhaust Fan (Quantity: 2) i. Control 1. Fan Command 2. Fan Speed ii. Status 1. Fan Status 2. Duct Pressure 3. Building Pressure e. General Exhaust Fan (Quantity: 1) i. Control 1. Fan Command ii. Status Fan Status 4. Provide updates to Delta Enterprise EnteliWEB Energy Management System (inclusive of site, floor plan, and equipment graphics) for user interface operation on the existing windows based server. 5. Class 2 control wiring to be installed in EMT Raceways where inaccessible or exposed. 6. Provide As-Builts, startup, and onsite owner training as needed. 7. Two-year warranty on parts and labor. Contract Tasks for Option Year 4: 2 monthly visits. 6 alternative visits per year (call outs) per year. Replacement of 4 VFD s to be determined by selected contractors representee and the HVAC shop. Replacement of all controls components and additional programming as outlined below. Building 162 EMS Retrofit 1. Provide, install, wire and program all necessary Delta controllers, sensors, control relays as needed per plans to control: a. Air Handling Unit (Quantity: 1) i. Control Supply Fan Command 2. Supply Fan Speed 3. Return Fan Command 4. Return Fan Speed 5. Return Air Damper Command 6. Outdoor Air Damper Command 7. CHW Valve Command 8. HHW Valve Command ii. Status 1. Supply Fan Status 2. Return Fan Status 3. Duct Static Pressure 4. OSA Airflow 5. OSA Temperature and Humidity 6. Return Air Temperature and Humidity 7. Discharge Air Temperature and Humidity 8. Mixed Air Temperature 9. Freeze Stat 10. Low Pressure Safety 11. High Pressure Safety 12. Pre-Filter Differential Pressure 13. Final Filter Differential Pressure 1x Heat Exchanger i. Control 1. Steam Valve Command 2. HX Isolation Valve Command 3. HHW Pump #1 Command 4. HHW Pump #1 Speed 5. HHW Pump #2 Command 6. HHW Pump #2 Speed ii. Status 1. HX-1 Supply Temperature 2. HX-1 Return Temperature 3. HX-1 HHW Differential Pressure 4. HX-1 HHW Pump #1 Status 5. HX-1 HHW Pump #2 Status 6. HX-1 HHW Flow Rate 7. Steam Line Pressure 8. Steam Line Temperature 9. Sump Alarm A 10. Sump Alarm B b. VAV With HHW (Quantity: 20) i. Control 1. Damper Command 2. HHW Valve Command ii. Status 1. Damper Position 2. Discharge Air Temperature 3. Space Temperature c. Critical Exhaust Fan (Quantity: 2) i. Control 1. Fan Command 2. Fan Speed ii. Status 1. Fan Status 2. Duct Pressure 3. Building Pressure d. General Exhaust Fan (Quantity: 1) i. Control 1. Fan Command ii. Status Fan Status 4. Provide updates to Delta Enterprise EnteliWEB Energy Management System (inclusive of site, floor plan, and equipment graphics) for user interface operation on the existing Windows based server. 5. Class 2 control wiring to be installed in EMT Raceways where inaccessible or exposed. 6. Provide As-Builts, startup, and onsite owner training as needed. 7. Two-year warranty on parts and labor. Existing building automation systems to be replaced to Delta Controls: METASYS system to be replaced Bldg 117 Bldg 70 Bldg 107 5th Floor Bldg 160 Main Chiller Plant area DISTECH system to be replaced Bldg 158 Bldg 162 Niagara system and all variants (AX, N4, R2, etc.) including Tridium to be replaced Bldg 117 Bldg 164 Bldg 107 1st Floor (R2) Bldg 107 2nd Floor (R2) A-Wing Bldg 107 3rd Floor (AX) A-Wing Siebe system or Invensys to be replaced Bldg 107 Basement Floor Bldg 108 Bldg 109 Alerton or Honeywell system to be replaced LG Controls system needs to be interfaced with Delta. Bldg 161 5. Training VA Personnel- Contractor shall provide training upon request or as needed to new and existing HVAC and Boiler plant staff on the operation, access and data logic inputs and operations of the Automated Controls Systems computer access points. 6. Emergency CLINS: Contractor shall provide a quote to the program point of contact for unpriced CLIN (emergency repair CLIN) prior to work being conducted to first obtain Contracting Officer approval through a contract modification. The contractor shall not perform any service that will result in additional charges without prior approval from Contracting. Emergency issues that require repairs, troubleshooting, replacement of parts that can t be handled by Facility personnel. These issues that would occur or would happen during after hours, weekends, and holidays. 7. Salient Characteristics: VFD s 230 V Applicable Motor Output ( kW) 0.4 0.75 1.5 2.2 0.4 0.75 1.5 2.2

3.7 Applicable Motor Output (HP) 0.5 1 2 3 0.5 1 2 3 5 Output Rating NORMAL DUTY Rated Output Capacity (kVA) 1.2 2.0 3.2 4.4 1.2 2.0 3.2 4.4

6.8 Rated Output Current (A) 3 5 8 11 3 5 8 11 17 Overload Capacity 120% of rated current: 1 minute for every 5 minutes; 160% of rated current: 3 seconds for every 30 seconds Max. Output Frequency (Hz)

599.00 Hz Carrier Frequency (k Hz) 2 ~ 15 kHz (default setting 8 kHz) HEAVY DUTY Rated Output Capacity (kVA) 1.1 1.9 2.8 4.0 1.1 1.9 2.8 4.0

6.4 Rated Output Current (A) 2.8 4.8 7.1 10 2.8 4.8 7.1 10 16 Overload Capacity 150% of rated current: 1 minute for every 5 minutes; 180% of rated current: 3 seconds for every 30 seconds Max. Output Frequency (Hz)

599.00 Hz Carrier Frequency (kHz) 2 ~ 15 kHz (default setting 2 kHz) Input Rating Input Current (A) of Normal Duty 7.2 12 15.7 22 3.9 6.4 12 16 20 Input Current (A) of Heavy Duty 6.7 11.5 14 20 3.6 6.1 11 15

18.5 Rated Voltage / Frequency 1-phase / 3-phase AC 200 V ~ 240 V (-15% ~ +10%), 50 / 60 Hz Range of Operating Voltage 170 ~ 265 VAC Frequency Tolerance 47 ~ 63 Hz Cooling Method Natural cooling Fan cooling 480V Applicable Motor Output ( kW) 0.75 1.5 2.2 3.7 4.0 5.5

7.5 Applicable Motor Output (HP) 1 2 3 5 5.5 7.5 10 Output Rating NORMAL DUTY Rated Output Capacity (kVA) 2.4 3.2 4.8 7.2 8.4 10 14 Rated Output Current (A) 3.0 4.0 6.0 9.0 10.5 12 18 Overload Capacity 120% of rated current: 1 minute for every 5 minutes; 160% of rated current: 3 seconds for every 30 seconds Max. Output Frequency (Hz)

599.00 Hz Carrier Frequency (kHz) 2 ~ 15 kHz (default setting 8 kHz) HEAVY DUTY Rated Output Capacity (kVA) 2.3 3.0 4.5 6.5 7.6 9.6 14 Rated Output Current (A) 2.9 3.8 5.7 8.1 9.5 11 17 Overload Capacity 150% of rated current: 1 minute for every 5 minutes; 180% of rated current: 3 seconds for every 30 seconds Max. Output Frequency (Hz)

599.00 Hz Carrier Frequency (kHz) 2 ~ 15 kHz (default setting 2 kHz) Input Rating Input Current (A) of Normal Duty 4.3 5.9 8.7 14 15.5 17 20 Input Current (A) of Heavy Duty 4.1 5.6 8.3 13 14.5 16 19 Rated Voltage / Frequency 3-phase AC 380 V ~ 480 V (-15% ~ +10%), 50 / 60 Hz Range of Operating Voltage 323 ~ 528 VAC Frequency Tolerance 47 ~ 63 Hz Cooling Method Natural cooling Fan cooling Control Characteristics Control Method V / F, V / F+PG, SVC, FOC Sensorless, FOC+PG, PM Sensorless*, TQC+PG, TQC Sensorless Starting Torque Reach up to 150% or above at

0.5 Hz. In FOC+PG mode, starting torque reaches above 150% at

0.5 Hz and reaches 150% at 0 Hz for 1 minute. Speed Response Ability 5 Hz (vector control can reach up to 40 Hz) Torque Limit Normal Duty: 175% of the torque current under Normal Duty; Heavy Duty: 180% of the torque current TQC Mode (Torque Accuracy) TQC + PG ±5% TQC Sensorless ±15% Max. Output Frequency (Hz) 0.00 ~ 599 Hz Frequency Output Accuracy Digital command: 0.01%, -10 °C ~ +40 °C, Analog command: 0.1%, 25±10 °C Output Frequency Resolution Digital command:

0.01 Hz, Analog command: 0.03 x Max. output frequency / 60 Hz (±11 bit) Frequency Setting Signal +10 V ~ -10, 0 ~ +10 V, 4 ~ 20 mA Acc / Dec Time 0.0 ~ 6000.0 seconds or 0.0 ~ 600.0 seconds Main Control Functional Torque control, Droop control, Speed / torque control switching, Feed forward control, Momentary power loss ride thru, Speed search, Over-torque detection, Torque Limit, 17-step speed (Max.), Accel / decel time switch, S-curve accel / decel, 3-wire sequence, Auto-Tuning (rotational, stationary), Dwell, Cooling fan on / off switch, Slip compensation, Torque compensation, JOG frequency, Frequency upper / lower limit settings, DC injection braking at start / stop, High slip braking, PID control (with sleep function), Energy saving control, MODOBUS communication (RS-485 RJ45, Max. 115.2 kbps), Fault restart, Parameter copy Fan Control Fan operation can be set by Pr.07-19 Protection Characteristics Motor Protection Electronic thermal relay protection Over-Current Protection Over-current protection for 240% rated current Current clamp (Normal duty: 170 ~ 175%); (Heavy duty: 180 ~ 185%) Over-Voltage Protection 230: drive will stop when DC bus voltage exceeds 410 V 460: drive will stop when DC bus voltage exceeds 820 V Over-Temperature Protection Built-in temperature sensor Stall Prevention Stall prevention during acceleration, deceleration and in operation Grounding Leakage Current Protection Leakage current is higher than 50% of rated current of the AC motor drive 460 V Large fan model Applicable Motor Output ( kW) 2.2 3.7 4.0 5.5

7.5 Applicable Motor Output (HP) 3 5 5.5 7.5 10 Output Rating NORMAL DUTY Rated Output Capacity (kVA) 4.8 7.2 8.4 10 14 Rated Output Current (A) 6.0 9.0 10.5 12 18 Overload Capacity 120% of rated current: 1 minute for every 5 minutes; 160% of rated current: 3 seconds for every 30 seconds Max. Output Frequency (Hz)

599.00 Hz Carrier Frequency (kHz) 2~15 kHz (default setting 8 kHz) HEAVY DUTY Rated Output Capacity (kVA) 4.5 6.5 7.6 9.6 14 Rated Output Current (A) 5.7 8.1 9.5 11 17 Overload Capacity 150% of rated current: 1 minute for every 5 minutes; 180% of rated current: 3 seconds for every 30 seconds Max. Output Frequency (Hz)

599.00 Hz Carrier Frequency (kHz) 2~15 kHz (default setting 2 kHz) Input Rating Input Current (A) of Normal Duty 8.7 14 15.5 17 20 Input Current (A) of Heavy Duty 8.3 13 14.5 16 19 Rated Voltage / Frequency 3-Phase AC 380 V ~ 480 V (-15% ~ +10%), 50 / 60 Hz Range of Operating Voltage 323~528 Vac Frequency Tolerance 47~63 Hz Cooling Method Fan cooling Braking Chopper Built-in UPS s High Power Factor 0.9 to

1.0 NEMA L5-30R capability 4 Individual Controllable Receptacles 2 Always On Receptacles NEMA L5-30P Input with Overcurrent Protection External Battery Connector Communications Connections 3000VA 120V Capable Rack/Tower Frequency 40-70Hz Auto Sensing Backup Time 100% Load (4 hours) Backup Time 50% Load (12.6 hours) Actuators Nominal Voltage AC/DC 24V Frequency 50/60Hz Torque Motor 35 in. lbs. Position Accuracy - +/- 5% Angle of Rotation 95o 8. VA Server: - Contractor server must be compatible with VA Server. Server must be capable of providing 24 x 7 x 365 continuous system monitoring and data collection and be compatible with the VA system server. 1.System Component 2.Software must be Windows Server 2022 or higher 3.Radio Frequency 4.FCC Certificate 5.Protocols 6.Network/System 7.Security Policy 8.System must not be a Air Gapped system as it must be on an approved SDIA FMS VLAN 9. Contractor shall provide EnteliWeb Software: Must be Approved or Authorized on VA TRM website - https://trm.oit.va.gov/TRMHomePage.aspx Customer Support SAML

2.0 SSO Capable Preferred LDAP Acceptable (if SAML

2.0 SSO is not available) Alert Communications - Email (SMTP) - SMS/MMS - Alarm, Lights, Strobes - Phone Call Escalatory Alarm Settings Scheduled Reports - Scheduling Setup and Configurable by End Users Restrictable Access for End Users Web Based Access for End Users Integrated Third Party Hardware Analog or Digital Export Data to Third Party Systems 10. Security Compliance: Adhere to Federal laws, VA Directives, and standards Control Access to VA Information and Information Systems Complete annual security and privacy training Encrypt VA sensitive information, comply with FIPS 140-2 Immediate notification of any security incidents 11. Technical Requirements: System on an approved SDIA FMS VLAN Configuration and operational checks Firmware updates and technical support Once the equipment is installed, the contractor will need to provide training to these department staff personnel: (per request by COR) Facilities Management Service (FMS) HVAC Shop Facilities Management Service (FMS) Boiler Plant & Utility Systems Operators 12. Type of Contract: Firm-Fixed Price 13. Places of Performance: Department of Veterans Affairs Northern Arizona VA Healthcare System Bob Stump VA Medical Center 500 Highway 89 North Prescott, AZ 86313-5001 COR to confirm buildings Campus Wide/ All Buildings 160, 70, 107, 162 and Main Chiller Plant and Courtyard B integration, Using Automated Controls Systems and building locations that may have Automated Controls Services added during the period of performance of this contract. The procurement of the required equipment and devices will be delivered to NAVAHCS. The installation, programming, and training of the building automation system will be taking place at the NAVAHCS Facility. 24/7 technical support for software upgrades, equipment-fault troubleshooting, training, and configuration issue support will be required to be coordinated with the HVAC Shop and the OI&T Department when those services are required to take place on the facility property located at Northern Arizona VA Healthcare System (NAVAHCS), 500 N Hwy 89, Prescott, AZ 86313. 14. Period of Performance: This contract should be a Base Year plus 4 Option Years. Hours of Service: Work is to be done between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays. Any service performed during other than normal work hours must have prior approval and be coordinated with the COR and approved by the Contracting Officer (CO) via a written modification. Warehouse Hours: Deliveries are accepted between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 3:30 p.m. Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays. Federal Holidays New Year s Day January 01 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 04 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 When one of the above designated legal holidays falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as a legal holiday. When a legal holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a holiday by U.S. Government agencies. Any overtime and/or holiday pay that may be entitled to the Contractor s employees shall be the sole responsibility of the Contractor and shall not be billed to nor reimbursed by the Government. If required, Contractors will be allowed to work after hours and over the weekends to prevent inconveniences to hospital, patients and facility staff during these periods. This must bb requested by the COR and approved by the CO via a written modification. Prior/ advanced notice must be given to the VA Prescott Facility (HVAC/ Boiler Plant staff) and agreed to before any outside normal business hours (8AM-4:30PM, Mon-Fri.) work may be performed. 15. Contracting Officer Representative (COR) Name: Section: Mechanical Supervisor, FMS Address: NAVAHCS, 500 Hwy 89, Prescott, AZ 86313 Phone Number: E-Mail Address: 16. Contractor Personnel Contractor s Program Manager The Contractor shall provide a contract program manager who shall be responsible for the performance of the work. The name of this person shall be designated in writing to the Contracting Officer. The Contractor s Program Manager shall have full authority to act for the Contractor on all contract matters relating to daily operation of this contract. Contractor s Employees The Contractor shall not employ persons for work on this contract if such employee is identified to the Contractor as a potential threat to the health, safety, security, general well-being or operational mission of the installation and its population. Contract Personnel shall be subject to the same quality assurance standards or exceed current recognized national standards as established by the Joint Commission (JC). 17. Regulatory compliance If Lockout Tagout procedures are required during or prior to inspection, that will be coordinated with the contractor or representative and the facility Electrical Shop, Mechanical Supervisor, and Maintenance & Operations Supervisor prior to working on or access to equipment in accordance with VHA Directive 1028, NFPA 70E, and facility LOTO Program. 18. Changes: Only those services specified herein are authorized, before performing any service of non-contract nature, the Contractor shall advise the Contracting Officer of the reasons for the additional work. Changes to the resulting contract are not authorized, unless in writing by the Contracting Officer. 19. Contractor Qualifications and Other Responsibilities: Contractor shall have a valid and current certification from Delta Technical Training Institute (TTI). Programming, testing, installation, inspection, and certification shall be accomplished by certified programmers, installers, and inspectors. Certificates shall be provided during solicitation process and approved prior to the certification process. All verification, testing, and certification will be provided by a qualified technician and documentation of programming, testing, certifications, and mapping will be provided to the facility upon completion. License requirements: Contractor shall obtain all necessary licenses required to perform this work. Contractor shall take all precautions necessary to protect persons and property from injury or damage during the performance of this contract. Contractor shall be responsible for any injury to himself/herself, his/her employees, or others, as well as for any damage to personal or public property that occurs during the performance of this contract that is caused by him/her or his/her employees fault or negligence. Contractor shall maintain personal liability and property damage insurance prescribed by the laws of the Federal Government. The Government reserves the right to accept or reject Contractor s employee for the rendering of services. Complaints concerning Contract Personnel s performance or conduct will be dealt with by the Contractor and PPOC with the final decision being made by the Contracting Officer. 20. Reporting: Contractor (or Representative) shall sign-in upon arrival at the Mechanical Supervisor Office, building 167, Room 003, at the beginning of each visit. All documentation for installation, inspection, and certifications shall be provided to Northern Arizona VA Health Care System (NAVAHCS) facilities personnel during the contract period. Documentation shall be provided in both electronic format (pdf) and hard copy format with 3-ring binder. 21. Deliverables: Contractor shall submit all deliverable items to COR: - Standardized Naming and Identification in New Software - Appropriate Device Relocation, Programming, & Installation of New Devices - Updating and Identifying the Notification Alarm System - Provide Facility Mapping to be Included on the Software, and Program Devices to be Identified with the Mapping Graphics 22. VA INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY/PRIVACY CLAUSES GENERAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS: Contractors, contractor personnel, subcontractors, and subcontractor personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks as VA and VA personnel regarding information and information system security. ACCESS TO VA INFORMATION AND VA INFORMATION SYSTEMS: A contractor/subcontractor shall request logical (technical) or physical access to VA information and VA information systems for their employees, subcontractors, and affiliates only to the extent necessary to perform the services specified in the contract, agreement, or task order. Info...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Loan Dho
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: loan.dho@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/28b488ae33254edcb34bb03747f1a6d2/view)