---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought for dredging and placement of material at the Historic Area Remediation Site (HARS) at (Area 1) Gravesend Bay Anchorage New York Bay and (Area 2) Arthur Kill Channel
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3d90d3c1a603424882b169ec5cfb9ce9
---

# Sources Sought for dredging and placement of material at the Historic Area Remediation Site (HARS) at (Area 1) Gravesend Bay Anchorage New York Bay and (Area 2) Arthur Kill Channel

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 13:25:53.169-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DS26S0027

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT TO BE USED FOR MARKET ANALYSIS ONLY. NO AWARDS WILL BE MADE FROM THE RESPONSES TO THIS SYNOPSIS. NO SOLICITATION WILL BE AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. THE PURPOSE OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS TO GAIN KNOWLEDGE OF POTENTIAL QUALIFIED CONCERNS DOING WORK UNDER NAICS 237990. ANY POTENTIAL COMPETITIVE SOLICITATION(S) THAT MAY PROCEED FROM THIS NOTICE WILL BE POSTED TO SAM.GOV. ALL INTERESTED OFFERORS WILL HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO RESPOND TO A SOLICITATION ANNOUNCEMENT AT A LATER TIME IF AND WHEN A SOLICITATION IS ISSUED. The proposed project is for the Navigation Improvement and dredging and placement of material at the Historic Area Remediation Site (HARS) and/or to an upland area. Area 1 – Gravesend Bay Anchorage: Located in the Lower New York Bay, south of the Verrazzano Narrows, along the southwest coast of Brooklyn, NY, bounded to the north by Fort Hamilton, to the south by Norton Point on Coney Island, and to the west by the Ambrose Channel. Area 2 – Arthur Kill Channel: Located between Staten Island, NY and mainland New Jersey the Arthur Kill Channel is a tidal strait that links the Kill Van Kull in southern Newark Bay to the Raritan Bay in the Lower NY Bay. The portion of the Arthur Kill Channel in which the work will be performed is located on the Staten Island side of the channel, south of the Howland Hook Marine Terminal, between the Elizabeth port and Gulfport reaches of the channel. The 40-foot section of the Arthur Kill Navigation Channel Deepening Project was constructed in 2017, but for a small (less than one acre) area where the former Goethals Bridge dolphins existed (partially within the prior existing 35-foot channel bottom) These two projects are being combined into one contract for efficiency and timing purposes. Description of project: Gravesend Bay Anchorage: The purpose of this project is to deepen the Anchorage from -47 ft. Mean Lower Low Water (MLLW) to -50 ft. MLLW and widen the Anchorage and approaches to accommodate a greater number of larger ships that will need to anchor there for various reasons. Includes dredging approximately 1,000,000 cubic yards of material from the Anchorage to achieve the -50 ft. MLLW. Dredged material will be placed at the HARS. Arthur Kill Channel: The purpose of this project is to eliminate the restrictions in the channel and remove any navigational hazards. The work for this project centers around the location of the original Goethals Bridge, which spanned the channel and connected New Jersey to Staten Island, NY. During the replacement of the original bridge, the foundations for the devices (dolphins) protecting the eastern bridge abutments were not removed completely. The remaining foundations constrict the channel and create an underwater hazard to navigation. Additionally, the project will deepen the channel to the authorized depth as needed in the immediate vicinity of the removal from -35 ft. Mean Lower Low Water (MLLW) to -42 ft. MLLW. Dredged material and other debris will be placed upland around 15,000 cubic yards and additional debris and concrete from the dolphins. Responses to this sources sought will be used by the Government to make an appropriate procurement decision. All firms (large or small businesses) should respond to the project if they are interested in performing it. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 237990 Dredging/ (Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction). The Small Business Size standard is $37,000,000. Business Characteristics Please provide the name of your business or joint venture, address, point of contact name, phone, fax number, and email address. Please provide a CAGE Code and DUNS Number for the business. What is your bonding capacity per contract? What is your total bonding capacity? Is your company a small or large business as defined by the SBA? Are you classified as HUB Zone Small Business, SBA certified 8(a) Small Disadvantaged Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Small Business, or as a Large Business? Answer the same questions for any planned subcontractors. Would you be bidding on this project as a sole contractor, prime contractor with subcontractor(s) or as a joint venture? Experience 1.What is the largest channel dredging contract (in cubic yards) on which you were the prime contractor? 2. Have you worked on any projects in New York/Long Island? How have you dealt with the limitations to transportation and vehicular access? 3. Have you performed dredging with beach placement contracts on the Atlantic Coast of the United States? If so, please provide a list and description of at least 3 contracts of similar size, magnitude, and complexity. Description shall include size, cost, technical qualifications of staff, any customer feedback received, and a narrative of any complexities encountered. Equipment What type of equipment do you forecast using? Please include any for dredging and any pumps, bulldozers, hauling equipment, extractors, vibratory hammers etc. What is the capacity per day of that equipment? Capacity What capacity will you have to perform this work in Federal Fiscal Year 2027? When would be the earliest you could mobilize to perform this work? Do you foresee any problems with the construction duration as indicated above? What percentage of the work would you expect to subcontract? (refer to the following Federal Regulations to see the Limitation of Subcontracting that pertains to specific set-asides) 13 CFR §121.201 “What size standards has SBA identified by North American Industry Classification System codes?” 48 CFR §19.102 Size Standards 48 CFR §19.5 Set-Asides for Small Business 48 CFR §19.8 Contracting With the Small Business Administration (the 8(a) Program) 48 CFR §19.13 Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) Program 48 CFR §19.14 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Procurement Program 48 CFR §19.15 Women-Owned Small Business Program Contractor’s Comments or Recommendations Please provide, if any Please note that this notice is not a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract as a result of this notice or to pay for any information received. This synopsis neither constitutes a Request for Proposal or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. The Government should not construe this Sources Sought Synopsis as a commitment for any purpose. The Government does not intend to rank submittals or provide any reply to interested firms. Operational Constraints The Contractor will conform to all local, state, and federal laws while carrying out the construction process for this project. This includes paying all fees and obtaining all permits required for the work. Survey of the Construction Contractor Industry The following is a confidential survey questionnaire designed to apprise the US Army Corps of Engineers, NY District, of any prospective construction contractors’ project execution capabilities. Please provide your response to the following questions. At the end of this survey you will be asked to provide your comments. Responses are due no later than 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST 10 April 2026). Firms responding to this sources sought announcement, who fail to provide ALL of the required information requested, will not be used to assist the Government in the acquisition decision, which is the intent of this sources sought announcement. Contracting Office Address: Please submit completed Survey Questionnaires of no longer than 10 pages by email to: Attn: Brian Winters, CENAN?CT, US Army Corps of Engineers, NY District, 26 Federal Plaza, New York, NY, 10278-0090 Email: brian.h.winters@usace.army.mil Survey Questionnaires will not be accepted after 4:00 pm on the response date shown in the advertisement on SAM.gov. If the original response date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal Holiday, the response date will be moved to the next business day.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Winters
  - Email: brian.h.winters@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3d90d3c1a603424882b169ec5cfb9ce9/view)