---
layout: default
title: PLA Survey - McChord Fire Station, Joint Base Lewis McChord, Washington
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 4805b4e4a93a42298cad976be6c52af3
---

# PLA Survey - McChord Fire Station, Joint Base Lewis McChord, Washington

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-23 11:04:46.131-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DW27R1BLU

## Summary

THIS IS A PROJECT LABOR AGREEMENT (PLA) SURVEY ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL, REQUEST FOR QUOTE, OR INVITATION FOR BID. THE SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, AND DRAWINGS ARE NOT AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. No proposals are being requested or accepted in response to this notice. The US Army Corps of Engineers Seattle District is soliciting comments from the construction community addressing the potential use of a PLA for the proposed construction of a Fire Station on Joint Base Lewis McChord (JBLM), Washington. The project scope of work consists of construction of a multi-company square foot Fire Station with structural apparatus bays and Aircraft Rescue and Fire Fighting (ARFF) apparatus bays. This facility will include the following areas: apparatus bays; residential areas; administration areas; training areas; consolidated emergency dispatch area; emergency medical services area; fire reserve area; information systems; fire protection and alarm systems; Uninterruptable Power Supply (UPS) Systems; standby generator; and Energy Monitoring Control Systems (EMCS) connection. Supporting facilities include site development, utilities and connections, lighting, paving, parking, walks, curbs and gutters, storm drainage, information systems, landscaping and signage, and agent storage facility. Heating and air conditioning will be provided by self-contained systems. Measures in accordance with the Department of Defense (DoD) Minimum Antiterrorism for Buildings standards will be provided. Comprehensive building and furnishings related interior design services are required. Access for individuals with disabilities will be provided. Cyber Security Measures will be incorporated into this project. Sustainability/Energy measures will be provided. Facilities will be designed to a minimum life of 40 years in accordance with DoD's Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC 1-200-02) including energy efficiencies, building envelope and integrated building systems performance. Demolish 1 building at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA (60 Total SF). Air Conditioning (Estimated 80 Tons). The estimated magnitude of construction for the project is between $50,000,000 and $80,000,000. Project Labor Agreement (PLA) Survey: PLA is a pre-hire collective bargaining agreement with one or more labor organizations that establishes the terms and conditions of employment for a specific construction project and is an agreement described in 29 U. S.C. 158(f). The Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) 22.502-1 Policy provides that: (a) Project labor agreements are a tool that agencies may use to promote economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. Pursuant to Executive Order 14063, agencies are encouraged to consider requiring the use of project labor agreements in connection with large-scale construction projects. (b) An agency may, if appropriate, require that every contractor and subcontractor engaged in construction on the project agree, for that project, to negotiate or become a party to a project labor agreement with one or more labor organizations if the agency decides that the use of project labor agreements will- (1) Advance the Federal Government's interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement, producing labor-management stability, and ensuring compliance with laws and regulations governing safety and health, equal employment opportunity, labor and employment standards, and other matters; and (2) Be consistent with law. (c) Agencies may also consider the following factors in deciding whether the use of a project labor agreement is appropriate for the construction project: (1) The project will require multiple construction contractors and/or subcontractors employing workers in multiple crafts or trades. (2) There is a shortage of skilled labor in the region in which the construction project will be sited. (3) Completion of the project will require an extended period of time. (4) Project labor agreements have been used on comparable projects undertaken by Federal, State, municipal, or private entities in the geographic area of the project. (5) A project labor agreement will promote the agency's long term program interests, such as facilitating the training of a skilled workforce to meet the agency's future construction needs. (6) Any other factors that the agency decides are appropriate. The Government is issuing this survey notice as a part of market research for this proposed project. The intent is to obtain data on the history of recent construction projects in the local labor market of the project under consideration. The construction community is invited to respond to this notice by providing responses to the following questions: PLA Survey Questions: 1) Do you have knowledge that a PLA has been used in the local area on projects of this kind? If so, please provide supporting documentation. 2) Are you aware of skilled labor shortages in the area for those crafts that will be needed to complete the referenced project? If so, please elaborate and provide supporting documentation where possible. 3) Are you aware of time sensitive issues/scheduling requirements that would affect the rate at which the referenced project should be completed? If so, please elaborate and provide supporting documentation where possible. 4) Identify specific reasons why or how you believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government’s interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. 5) Identify specific reasons why you do not believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government’s interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. 6) Identify any additional information you believe the Government should take into consideration regarding the use of a PLA on the referenced project. 7) Does your company intend to bid/propose on this project if a PLA requirement is included in the solicitation? Does your company intend to bid/propose on this project if a PLA requirement is not included in the solicitation? 8) What are the likely cost impacts, if any, to your bid/proposal price if a PLA requirement is included in the solicitation? Please provide as much detail as possible regarding any anticipated cost impacts (positive or negative) of the inclusion of a PLA requirement, including any information you can provide about the magnitude of the anticipated impact. (i) The information gathered in this exercise should include the following information on projects completed in the last 2-5 years (or other timeframe, as appropriate): 1) Project Name and Location 2) Detailed Project Description 3) Initial Cost Estimate vs. Actual Final Cost 4) Was the project completed on time? 5) Number of craft trades present on the project 6) Was a PLA used? 7) Were there any challenges experienced during the project? 9) Are other projects in the vicinity going to limit the pool of skill labor available for your project? If so, which projects? 10) Has your firm previously declined to bid on a project because of a PLA requirement? If so, please specify the project(s). 11) How will a PLA impact the pool of available subcontractors for this project? 12) How would a PLA on this project impact your ability to use your company’s preferred subcontractors? 13) Do you anticipate that some of your key subcontractors would refuse to work on this project if a PLA is required? If yes, for which trades? 14) If possible, provide an estimate of the expected increase or decrease in your total price if a PLA is required for this specific project and location in terms of a percentage? THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice and follow-up information requests, if any. Responses to this PLA Survey will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jacanna Wyatt
  - Email: jacanna.f.wyatt@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Susan Newby
  - Email: susan.f.newby@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2067646754

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4805b4e4a93a42298cad976be6c52af3/view)