---
layout: default
title: SCUTTLE,MRN,RAISED
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 5b3f8c068afc47dfa1e4c2d5b8594ec4
---

# SCUTTLE,MRN,RAISED

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 04:48:17.774-05
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QMC12

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE OF SUPPLIES|26||||||||||||||||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT||TBD|SPRMM1|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| NOTE FOR CONTRACTOR/ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER|3|||| FEDERAL ACQUISITION SUPPLY CHAIN SECURITY ACT ORDERS-PROHIBITION (DEC 2023)|12||||||||||||| The purpose of this amendment is to extend the quote due date to 3/13/2026. Except as stated above, all terms and conditions remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 1. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 2. Drawings or technical data are available for this item. 3. Delivery days_________aro. 4. Offer valid for _____ days. 5. When submitting quotes via EDI, make sure you specify any exceptions (i.e. Mil specs/standards, packaging, I&A, packaging houses etc) or follow up with a hardcopy of the exceptions. If nothing is indicated or received, award will be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award will have consideration costs deducted on modifications. 6. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must state who the OEM is (cage code) and the part number you are offering. 7. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. ____________________________________________________________ 8. It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by DLA WeaponsSupport Mechanicsburg and posted on EDA. To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUPWSS code 025, procurement systems design and contract support division Via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpdesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and POC with phone number and email address. 9. Contractors can view their orders, contracts and modifications at the Electronic Document Access (EDA) web tool. This web tool is located at the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA at https://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Quotation will require electronic submittal of Invoice and Receiving Report (COMBO) through PIEE-WAWF. 10. The following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement: E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) 11. INSPECTION OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ INSPECTION OF PACKAGING AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ 12. UCF SECTION F PRODUCTION FACILITY CHANGES (a) The performance of any of the work contracted for in any place other than that named in the contract is prohibited unless specifically approved by the Contracting Officer. Written requests for a change in production facilities must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer. Changes inproduction facilities may be approved, provided: (1) Performance by small business or in labor surplus areas as required by the contract will not be changed; (2) The change will not cause a delay in delivery or necessitate a change in the purchase description; (3) The free on board (f.o.b.) point is not changed; and (4) Each request is supported by a price reduction of $250.00 to cover the Government's administrative costs to process the change. (b) The Government reserves the right to deny approval even if these four elements are met. 13. Drawings for this solicitation will be accessed via the website, www.SAM.gov. Click the Search button and type the solicitation number in the box and hitenter. Links to the solicitation should follow on the right. Click the BLUELINK with the name of the item that is identified as the "UpdatedSolicitation". Click to the left on "Attachments/Links" which will take you tothe link to request access to the drawings. Drawing access request should besubmitted by the Data Custodian listed on your approved DD2345. Only the DataCustodian will be granted access to the controlled drawings. If there areproblems accessing the drawings, please contact the buyer POC listed on thissolicitation. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the SCUTTLE,MRN,RAISED . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=1623058 |53711| H| |A| | | | DRAWING DATA=1623058 |80064| G| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=1623943 |53711| E| |A| | | | DRAWING DATA=2226372 |53711| C| |A| | | | DRAWING DATA=2226372 |80064| B| |A| | | | DRAWING DATA=2226372 |80064| B|DW |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=2226372 |80064| B|STD|D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-22 | | |D |910321|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=FF-S-92 | | |E |250401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A276 | | | |940315|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B584 | | | |981215|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B633 | | | |850927|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-900 | | |F |200904|A| |02| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1689 | | |A |901123|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B209M | | | |931115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2142 | | |A |900806|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-P-15024 | | |A |240321|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24441 | | |D |210113|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QPL-24441 | | |43 |080912|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-24635 | | |F |250325|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=A-A-59313 | | | |190905|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=A-A-59588 | | |B |230505|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE-AS81934 | | | |980702|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A36/A36M | | | |890825|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A312/A312 | | | |161209|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A569/A569M | | | |021126|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Manufacture and Design - The SCUTTLE,MRN,RAISED furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the requirements as specified on ;80064 803-1623058 ASSY B; . 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; . 3.3 Production Lot Approval (Contractor Testing) - Production Lot Test and approval is required. 3.4 Welding - Welding and allied processes shall be in accordance with ;IN ACCORDANCE WITH CONTRACT DATA REQUIREMENTS LIST (DD1423); . 3.4.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor. 3.5 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. ?P? Magnetic Silencing Requirements - The (itm) Furnished under the contract/purchase order shall be of Non Magnetic material in accordance with DOD-STD-2143 and shall have a magnetic permeability, after fabrication, of 2.0 or less using test method 501 of MIL-STD-2142A. Exceptions to this requirement are stated in para. 5.2.1.1. and 5.2.1.2 of DOD-STD-2143. 3.6 ;The following pieces of drawing #1623058 are to be manufactured to ASTM-A276 type 316,Condition A.Piece Numbers: 1,2,4,7,11,12,14,23,24,28,30,33,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,41,51,55,59,62,63,64,65,67 , and piece 68.; 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.0.1 ;Production lot test/inspection shall be in accordance with general note 22 of drawing 803-2226372; 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 Production Lot Test/Inspection Report - The Contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). 4.5 Welding - Prior to performing any welding (production or repair), the applicable welding procedure qualification data shall be submitted in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Welding procedures shall be submitted for information with the supporting procedure qualification data. If the Contractor's qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for this or other contract, a copy of the original approval letter shall be submitted in lieu of the qualification data. (Note: Letters extending approval of qualification data based on previous approvals are not acceptable to fulfill this requirement. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and/or welding procedure qualification data number). Submission of welding procedures and qualification data is not required for tack/spot welds. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS. 6.2 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer. 6.3 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161. 6.4 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. NAVICP has a requirement for a non-magnetic scuttle. If there is not a non-mag. dwg. available yet, please provide a modified material list showing for dwg. 803-1623058 assy. B showing acceptable non-magnetic material for eachitem on the dwg. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Block 10, 12 - Submit one copy of the welding procedure (for info) with the qualification data (for approval) prior to performing any welding. Block 10 - Note: If this data has been previously approved by the Navy, submittal of the original approval letter in lieu of the data is acceptable. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ Block 10, 12 - Submit one copy of the welding procedure (for info) with the qualification data (for approval) prior to performing any welding. Block 10 - Note: If this data has been previously approved by the Navy, submittal of the original approval letter in lieu of the data is acceptable. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Block 10 - Submit one production Lot Test Report to Government DCMC QAR for approval of each lot.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 6146931483
  - Email: AMANDA.HELLER@DLA.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5b3f8c068afc47dfa1e4c2d5b8594ec4/view