---
layout: default
title: Z1NE--Houston VAMC Repair Water Lines
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 54663893eb314662969d89a9793ebc53
---

# Z1NE--Houston VAMC Repair Water Lines

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 16:25:27.463-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0593
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 3 of 3 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 3 THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT INQUIRY ONLY The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, Network Contracting Office 16 (NCO 16) is seeking potential sources capable of providing a water supply line repair for the Houston Texas VA Medical Center. The proposed NAICS code for this requirement is 237110 with a small business size standard of $45M. The attached Statement of Work provides details of the services to be provided. If your organization can meet the requirements of the SOW, you may indicate your interest in providing these services by providing the following information: Business Name Point of Contact Unique Entity ID (SAM) Capability Statement Socioeconomic Status Please email the above information to andrew.misfeldt@va.gov along with any questions to be addressed. Answers will not be posted. DISCLAIMER: This is a Sources Sought announcement only, which may or may not lead to future solicitation. This announcement is issued solely for information and planning purposes. All information received in response to this announcement that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this announcement. STATEMENT OF WORK MICHAEL E. DEBAKEY VA MEDICAL CENTER HOUSTON, TEXAS Project Title: Building 125 water leak near parking lot underground water pipe repair. STATEMENT OF WORK GENERAL The contractor shall provide all supervision, labor, material, tools and equipment to repair a water leak near building 125, Bldg 104A and Spinal Cord Parking Entrance(East Side) at the Michael E DeBakey VA Medical Center, 2002 Holcombe Blvd Houston TX. 77030 Pipe size: 2 , 6 and 8 PVC C900 This work will be done in phases. Each phase will be completed before starting the next phase. Some phases will impact vehicle access and will require coordination with security police. The contractor is responsible for barricades and signage while the areas are closed. The contractor is responsible to patch and repair damage caused to adjacent areas as a result of their work. Part of the work required will be completed after normal work hours and on weekends. After award, but prior to the start of any field work, the contractor shall contact the COR to review proposed methods and schedule for accomplishing the work and to review shut down requirements, hot permits,IF REQUIRED, and VAMC safety requirements. Field work may not commence until these items have been reviewed and approved by the COR. Water shutdown will be necessary to allow pipe repair. Other work before and after the pipe repair may be accomplished during normal work hours, 7am-4:30pm, Monday through Friday. A section of 2 underground water supply pipe runs underneath a concrete parking lot and sidewalk on the south side of Building 125. (see photos) The leak/s shall be repaired to bring the pipe back to fully operational status. All new materials will be equivalent to, or better than, the existing material. There will be two work phases, defined in sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 below. The initial phase is defined in section 2.1 and will allow examination of the leak and the procurement of any materials necessary to repair the leak. The second phase is defined in section 2.2 and requires a water outage during the pipe repairs. The water outage will be handle by VA Plumbing Shop. The third phase is defined in section 2.3 and can occur during normal work hours. SITE WORK Demolish existing concrete and excavation. Location near south side of Bldg 125 sidewalk and parking lot, road near Boiler Plant and Spinal Cord parking lot entrance. (Note that the exact location of the leak/s have not been determined, but it is believed to be underneath the concrete. The contractor will need to determine the exact location.) This will involve cutting and removing existing concrete. Contractor shall coordinate with the COR before any excavation occurs, including any additional digging sites necessary should the original suspected location be incorrect. Typical parking stall shall be 19-feet long and 9-feet wide unless otherwise noted New concrete curbs shall be constructed so the botton of face of curb matches existing asphalt paving elevation Typical curb height shall be 6 . ADA ramp should have a maximum slope of 5% and sidewalks shall have a maximum slope of 3% all side walks should have a cross slope of 2%. PDF 7 and 8. Parallel curb ramp, sidewalk joint and concrete pavement with 6 curb details see drawing 02-MEDVAMC CS-200. Pdf 11 The VAMC will provide location drawings of underground electrical line and underground communication line in the vicinity where the water leak appears to be. Contractor shall provide temporary traffic barricades (min 18 high) to enclose work area (see Google 2 for approximate location). Coordinate with the COR for exact location and extent of the work area. The new concrete will be allowed to dry for 7 days after pouring and the barricades shall be left in place around the newly poured concrete for the duration of that time. Cut and remove existing concrete to allow investigation to find and repair water leak. Excavate down to the level of the piping, retaining the dirt for later usage. Contractor shall be careful not to damage the electrical or communication pipes/conduits when investigating and repairing the water piping. OSHA standards for excavations and trenching shall be followed. Repair damaged piping. Remove damaged piping and/or coupling and repair/replace the damaged section/s with new piping and/or couplings. New piping should be at least equivalent to the existing in quality and size and must be able to withstand temperatures, pressures, and flows utilized by the existing campus water supply system. The COR must approve the type/quality of new replacement pipe, adapter, coupling, or other components and the method of attachment and sealing. The size and type of the existing piping must be confirmed by examination, with the new pipe being the same diameter as the existing. Properly connect new pipe to the existing to ensure no leakage. Provide and install all associated new components: gaskets, sealants, couplings, etc. as necessary to fix any leaks found in the water pipe. Test and adjust as necessary and confirm proper operation. Install a concrete thrust block for any new pipe section and/or fitting at all locations that have a change in direction. COR will need to be present for functional test at normal water pressure after repairs are completed and before the repaired section of pipe is covered with dirt. Backfill excavation and install new concrete. Ensure that the soil below the piping is compacted sufficiently to provide support for the new pipe section. Refill with previously removed dirt, compacting as necessary. Contractor shall purchase and install any extra quantities of soil necessary to fill hole to the level necessary for concrete installation. COR shall inspect filling and soil compaction before concrete installation. Repair concrete equivalent to original thickness (minimum 6 ) and quality. Install minimum 6 mil plastic sheeting underlayment below area of new concrete. Match original rebar size and spacing, using a minimum of #5 rebar in a grid with a maximum of 12 x 12 spacing. Drill holes in existing concrete roadway at least 6 deep and install min 12 length and min #4 rebar dowels to connect new concrete to existing. Space the dowels a maximum of 12 apart around the perimeter of the patch area. Use minimum 4000 psi concrete mix. Finish surface to match original. Match original surface height at perimeter. COR shall inspect and approve rebar installation before pouring concrete. Apply ASTM C 309 curing compound to surface after concrete is poured and finished. Consult with VA personnel on site for exact items and locations. Exact specifications and locations for new items must be field verified. Any damage done to existing concrete parking area must be repaired. All materials and components will be tested by the contractor at their expense and be fully functional upon completion of installation. New material and components must be fully compatible with the existing system. SUBMITTALS Contractor shall submit to the Contracting Officer and COR the following prior to commencing work: Quality Control Plan. Contractor shall establish a quality control plan for all work, including that of his subcontractors, to assure compliance with the contract provisions. Contractor shall submit a copy of his quality control plan concurrently with the quote. After examination of the existing pipe, contractor shall submitt manufacturer spec sheets for the following: Base material, pipe couplings, pipe clamps, sealants, gaskets, all new equipment and/or components. At project completion, the contractor shall provide the VA with an as-built shop drawing illustrating the work performed and the locations of any uncovered utilities. The VA will check and approve the contractor's shop drawings, detail drawings, schedules, descriptive literature and samples, testing laboratory reports, field test data and review the color, texture and suitability of materials for conformity with the RFP Documents and repair documents. All submittals shall be in electronic .pdf format and email both to the COR and CO. ATTACHMENTS- Drawings will be provided after site visit Attachments are supplied for background information only. It may not show the current status of the piping. Field measurements and observation must be used to gather all necessary information. Attachment 1: Bldg 125 Attachment 2: Bldg 104A Attachment 3: Spinal Cord Parking Entrance. Note that these attachments are the best available data that the VA has. The installed underground pipes may differ from these drawing in size and/or location and field verification of actual conditions are necessary CODE REQUIREMENTS The VA will be responsible for obtaining necessary local agency approvals as required. All work performed under this contract shall be in accordance with the VA Master Specifications (http://www.cfm.va.gov/til/spec.asp) listed below Division 01 General requirements Division 02 Existing Conditions Division 03 Concrete Division 09 - Finishes Division 31 Earthwork Division 32 Exterior Improvments Division 33 - Utilities All work shall comply with all local, state, and federal rules and regulations. In the event of a code discrepancy the stricter of the ordinances shall prevail. Veterans Affairs specifications can be found at https://vatilms.va.gov/vatilms/catalog WARRANTIES One year warranty will begin from the date of project acceptance. WORK SCHEDULE The work will be done in phases as indicated above in general requirements section 1.10. After award, but prior to the start of any field work, the contractor shall contact the COR to review proposed methods and schedule for accomplishing the work and to review shut down requirements, hot permits, and VAMC safety requirements. Field work may not commence until these items have been reviewed and approved as detailed below. Work shall commence upon receipt of a Notice to Proceed from the government and shall be completed within 30 calendar days after receipt of Notice to Proceed. WORK LOCATION AND RESTRICTIONS The work site location is in the parking lot of Building 125, Bldg. 104 and Spinal Cord Parking Entrance at the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center. VA facility normal operations are from 7:00 am and 4:30 pm Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays, unless other times are arranged in advance and approved in writing by the COR. When the contractor s work interferes with hospital functions, such as when work produces excessive noise, odors, dust, utility service interruptions, or other interferences with normal hospital operations that cannot be contained within the area of work, the contractor shall schedule said work at other than normal hours and as directed by the COR at no additional cost to the government. PARKING Parking is rigidly controlled throughout the Medical Center. Contractor parking is only allowed in authorized areas. Contractor shall abide by all police requirements. Parking in designated patient parking areas is strictly prohibited. Parking for unloading equipment necessary to perform the work will be authorized in advance of starting the project. STORAGE OF EQUIPMENT & MATERIALS The contractor shall arrange with the COR for allocation of required workspace and for the storage of equipment and material to be used for this project. Storage space is very limited. There are no exclusive areas within the campus that can be given to the contractor for their storage needs. The work area enclosed by the traffic barricades can be used by the contractor for storage and parking during the duration of this contract until the concrete has been poured. Additionally, no space outside the barricaded area will be made available for the placement of a contractor trailer for this project. The Contractor should schedule delivery of materials to limit the amount of storage space and time. DEBRIS REMOVAL All waste material (except fill dirt that will be reused after the pipe is repaired) and debris shall be removed daily off the site by the contractor and shall be disposed of in accordance with applicable State and Federal regulations. All recyclable materials shall be recycled and weight tickets provided to the COR. SITE UTILITIES The Contractor shall note this scope of work does not detail all existing structures, utilities, or components that may potentially interfere with the contract work required. All proposed utility relocations, reallocations, and shutdowns shall be approved by the COR prior to commencing such work. The contractor shall field verify all existing utility installations and take appropriate action prior to working around any potential utility installation. In the event a shutdown, restriction, or interruption of any utility services is required, a written request shall be submitted to the COR with a minimum of 72 hours notice. Requests shall be approved by the COR prior to commencing work. PROJECT SAFETY Contractor shall comply with the following and keep a copy of the attached on site at all times: OSHA Infection Control Risk Assessment (completed on site by phase) Hot work Permits, required as needed Confined Space Permits, required as needed INTERIM LIFE SAFETY PROTECTION MEASURES Contractor is not required to prepare a formal interim life safety measures plan for this project. At a minimum, contractor shall comply with the following requirements of an interim life safety measures and fire protection plan: Maintain the construction area to minimize the potential for fire or safety hazards resulting from storage of construction material, construction waste and debris during construction operations. MATERIAL & WORKMANSHIP QUALITY All materials and workmanship shall comply with all codes, standards, and recommendations of all Authorities Having Jurisdiction (AHJ), including the city of Houston and the state of Texas. All work shall be done in a first class manner according to the best trade practices and to the satisfaction of the COR. The Contractor shall provide VA personnel with the necessary training to properly operate all provided equipment and systems. Additionally, the Contractor shall provide complete warranty service support during the warranty period. All warranty service shall be performed by factory trained, English speaking, technically qualified servicemen and shall be responsible for recording all work actions in the customer s maintenance log book. Contractor s warranty support shall include all parts, service, labor, travel time, and expense to perform corrective repairs on the new turnkey installation. SECURITY All contractor personnel are subject to inspection of personal effects when entering or leaving the project site. A&A requirements do not apply and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. - - E N D - - - Offerors must complete the divisional breakdown provided below and provide enough detail in their price proposals to allow the government to review and make an informed decision, ensuring the prices are fair and reasonable. The price proposals should include detailed pricing that makes up the entire division price. MATERIAL LABOR EQUIPMENT TOTAL DIVISION 01: GENERAL REQUIREMENTS DIVISION 02: EXISTING CONDITIONS DIVISION 03: CONCRETE DIVISION 04: MASONRY DIVISION 05: METALS DIVISION 06: WOOD, PLASTICS & COMPOSITES DIVISION 07: THERMAL & MOISTURE PROTECTION DIVISION 08: OPENINGS DIVISION 09: FINISHES DIVISION 10: SPECIALTIES DIVISION 11: EQUIPMENT DIVISION 12: FURNISHINGS DIVISION 13: SPECIAL CONSTRUCTION DIVISION 14: CONVEYING EQUIPMENT DIVISION 21: FIRE SUPPRESSION DIVISION 22: PLUMBING DIVISION 23: HVAC DIVISION 25: INTEGRATED AUTOMATION DIVISION 26: ELECTRICAL DIVISION 27: COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION 28: ELECTRONIC SAFETY AND SECURITY DIVISION 31: EARTHWORK DIVISION 32: EXTERIOR IMPROVEMENTS DIVISION 33: UTILITIES DIVISION 34: TRANSPORTATION DIVISION 48: ELECTRICAL POWER GENERATION SUBTOTAL COST: GENERAL LIABILITY / INSURANCE: OVERHEAD & PROFIT: BOND: PROJECT TOTAL COST:

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrew Misfeldt
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: andrew.misfeldt@va.gov
  - Phone: (479) 443-4301 ext 66194

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: sealing. The size and type of the existing piping must be confirmed by examination, with the new pipe being the same diameter as the existing. Properly connect new pipe to the existing to ensure no leakage. Provide and install all associated new components: gaskets, sealants, couplings, etc. as necessary to fix any leaks found in the water pipe. Test and adjust as necessary and confirm proper operation. Install a concrete thrust block for any new pipe section and/or fitting at all locations that have a change in direction. COR will need to be present for functional test at normal water pressure after repairs are completed and before the repaired section of pipe is covered with dirt. Backfill excavation and install new concrete. Ensure that the soil below the piping is compacted sufficiently to provide support for the new pipe section. Refill with previously removed dirt, compacting as necessary. Contractor shall purchase and install any extra quantities of soil necessary to fill hole to the level necessary for concrete installation. COR shall inspect filling and soil compaction before concrete installation. Repair concrete equivalent to original thickness (minimum 6 ) and quality. Install minimum 6 mil plastic sheeting underlayment below area of new concrete. Match original rebar size and spacing, using a minimum of #5 rebar in a grid with a maximum of 12 x 12 spacing. Drill holes in existing concrete roadway at least 6 deep and install min 12 length and min #4 rebar dowels to connect new concrete to existing. Space the dowels a maximum of 12 apart around the perimeter of the patch area. Use minimum 4000 psi concrete mix. Finish surface to match original. Match original surface height at perimeter. COR shall inspect and approve rebar installation before pouring concrete. Apply ASTM C 309 curing compound to surface after concrete is poured and finished. Consult with VA personnel on site for exact items and locations. Exact specifications and locations for new items must be field verified. Any damage done to existing concrete parking area must be repaired. All materials and components will be tested by the contractor at their expense and be fully functional upon completion of installation. New material and components must be fully compatible with the existing system. SUBMITTALS Contractor shall submit to the Contracting Officer and COR the following prior to commencing work: Quality Control Plan. Contractor shall establish a quality control plan for all work, including that of his subcontractors, to assure compliance with the contract provisions. Contractor shall submit a copy of his quality control plan concurrently with the quote. After examination of the existing pipe, contractor shall submitt manufacturer spec sheets for the following: Base material, pipe couplings, pipe clamps, sealants, gaskets, all new equipment and/or components. At project completion, the contractor shall provide the VA with an as-built shop drawing illustrating the work performed and the locations of any uncovered utilities. The VA will check and approve the contractor"s shop drawings, detail drawings, schedules, descriptive literature and samples, testing laboratory reports, field test data and review the color, texture and suitability of materials for conformity with the RFP Documents and repair documents. All submittals shall be in electronic .pdf format and email both to the COR and CO. ATTACHMENTS- Drawings will be provided after site visit Attachments are supplied for background information only. It may not show the current status of the piping. Field measurements and observation must be used to gather all necessary information. Attachment 1: Bldg 125 Attachment 2: Bldg 104A Attachment 3: Spinal Cord Parking Entrance. Note that these attachments are the best available data that the VA has. The installed underground pipes may differ from these drawing in size and/or location and field verification of actual conditions are necessary CODE REQUIREMENTS The VA will be responsible for obtaining necessary local agency approvals as required. All work performed under this contract shall be in accordance with the VA Master Specifications (http://www.cfm.va.gov/til/spec.asp) listed below Division 01 General requirements Division 02 Existing Conditions Division 03 Concrete Division 09 - Finishes Division 31 Earthwork Division 32 Exterior Improvments Division 33 - Utilities All work shall comply with all local, state, and federal rules and regulations. In the event of a code discrepancy the stricter of the ordinances shall prevail. Veterans Affairs specifications can be found at https://vatilms.va.gov/vatilms/catalog WARRANTIES One year warranty will begin from the date of project acceptance. WORK SCHEDULE The work will be done in phases as indicated above in general requirements section 1.10. After award, but prior to the start of any field work, the contractor shall contact the COR to review proposed methods and schedule for accomplishing the work and to review shut down requirements, hot permits, and VAMC safety requirements. Field work may not commence until these items have been reviewed and approved as detailed below. Work shall commence upon receipt of a Notice to Proceed from the government and shall be completed within 30 calendar days after receipt of Notice to Proceed. WORK LOCATION AND RESTRICTIONS The work site location is in the parking lot of Building 125, Bldg. 104 and Spinal Cord Parking Entrance at the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center. VA facility normal operations are from 7:00 am and 4:30 pm Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays, unless other times are arranged in advance and approved in writing by the COR. When the contractor s work interferes with hospital functions, such as when work produces excessive noise, odors, dust, utility service interruptions, or other interferences with normal hospital operations that cannot be contained within the area of work, the contractor shall schedule said work at other than normal hours and as directed by the COR at no additional cost to the government. PARKING Parking is rigidly controlled throughout the Medical Center. Contractor parking is only allowed in authorized areas. Contractor shall abide by all police requirements. Parking in designated patient parking areas is strictly prohibited. Parking for unloading equipment necessary to perform the work will be authorized in advance of starting the project. STORAGE OF EQUIPMENT & MATERIALS The contractor shall arrange with the COR for allocation of required workspace and for the storage of equipment and material to be used for this project. Storage space is very limited. There are no exclusive areas within the campus that can be given to the contractor for their storage needs. The work area enclosed by the traffic barricades can be used by the contractor for storage and parking during the duration of this contract until the concrete has been poured. Additionally, no space outside the barricaded area will be made available for the placement of a contractor trailer for this project. The Contractor should schedule delivery of materials to limit the amount of storage space and time. DEBRIS REMOVAL All waste material (except fill dirt that will be reused after the pipe is repaired) and debris shall be removed daily off the site by the contractor and shall be disposed of in accordance with applicable State and Federal regulations. All recyclable materials shall be recycled and weight tickets provided to the COR. SITE UTILITIES The Contractor shall note this scope of work does not detail all existing structures, utilities, or components that may potentially interfere with the contract work required. All proposed utility relocations, reallocations, and shutdowns shall be approved by the COR prior to commencing such work. The contractor shall field verify all existing utility installations and take appropriate action prior to working around any potential utility installation. In the event a shutdown, restriction, or interruption of any utility services is required, a written request shall be submitted to the COR with a minimum of 72 hours notice. Requests shall be approved by the COR prior to commencing work. PROJECT SAFETY Contractor shall comply with the following and keep a copy of the attached on site at all times: OSHA Infection Control Risk Assessment (completed on site by phase) Hot work Permits, required as needed Confined Space Permits, required as needed INTERIM LIFE SAFETY PROTECTION MEASURES Contractor is not required to prepare a formal interim life safety measures plan for this project. At a minimum, contractor shall comply with the following requirements of an interim life safety measures and fire protection plan: Maintain the construction area to minimize the potential for fire or safety hazards resulting from storage of construction material, construction waste and debris during construction operations. MATERIAL & WORKMANSHIP QUALITY All materials and workmanship shall comply with all codes, standards, and recommendations of all Authorities Having Jurisdiction (AHJ), including the city of Houston and the state of Texas. All work shall be done in a first class manner according to the best trade practices and to the satisfaction of the COR. The Contractor shall provide VA personnel with the necessary training to properly operate all provided equipment and systems. Additionally, the Contractor shall provide complete warranty service support during the warranty period. All warranty service shall be performed by factory trained, English speaking, technically qualified servicemen and shall be responsible for recording all work actions in the customer s maintenance log book. Contractor s warranty support shall include all parts, service, labor, travel time, and expense to perform corrective repairs on the new turnkey installation. SECURITY All contractor personnel are subject to inspection of personal effects when entering or leaving the project site. A&A requirements do not apply and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. - - E N D - - - Offerors must complete the divisional breakdown provided below and provide enough detail in their price proposals to allow the government to review and make an informed decision, ensuring the prices are fair and reasonable. The price proposals should include detailed pricing that makes up the entire division price. MATERIAL LABOR EQUIPMENT TOTAL DIVISION 01: GENERAL REQUIREMENTS DIVISION 02: EXISTING CONDITIONS DIVISION 03: CONCRETE DIVISION 04: MASONRY DIVISION 05: METALS DIVISION 06: WOOD, PLASTICS & COMPOSITES DIVISION 07: THERMAL & MOISTURE PROTECTION DIVISION 08: OPENINGS DIVISION 09: FINISHES DIVISION 10: SPECIALTIES DIVISION 11: EQUIPMENT DIVISION 12: FURNISHINGS DIVISION 13: SPECIAL CONSTRUCTION DIVISION 14: CONVEYING EQUIPMENT DIVISION 21: FIRE SUPPRESSION DIVISION 22: PLUMBING DIVISION 23: HVAC DIVISION 25: INTEGRATED AUTOMATION DIVISION 26: ELECTRICAL DIVISION 27: COMMUNICATIONS DIVISION 28: ELECTRONIC SAFETY AND SECURITY DIVISION 31: EARTHWORK DIVISION 32: EXTERIOR IMPROVEMENTS DIVISION 33: UTILITIES DIVISION 34: TRANSPORTATION DIVISION 48: ELECTRICAL POWER GENERATION SUBTOTAL COST: GENERAL LIABILITY / INSURANCE: OVERHEAD & PROFIT: BOND: PROJECT TOTAL COST:

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/54663893eb314662969d89a9793ebc53/view)