# Q523--FY26: Perfusion/Autotransfusion Service | San Juan

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 15:03:54.897-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0395

## Summary

Special Notice: Sources Sought The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 08, VA Caribbean Healthcare System (VACHS), San Juan VA Medical Center (SJVAMC), 10 Casia Street One Veterans Plaza, San Juan P.R. 00921-3201, is looking for certified, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Small business, and/or other than small businesses sources for the following: On-site Perfusion/Autotransfusion services. The authority for this procurement is Title 38 USC 8153, health-care resources, non-personal services, and Overhaul Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR Overhaul) Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. This is a brand new requirement, there is no incumbent. Place of Performance: San Juan VA Medical Center (VACHS):10 Calle Casia, San Juan, P.R 00926. Period of Performance: The anticipated period of performance for this contract will be for the base year and four (4) one (1) year option periods. Description of Services: On-site Board Certified/Board Eligible Clinical Perfusionist/Autotransfusion Services, for elective procedures and patient evaluations. This is a request for sources and information only and it is intended for market research and planning purposes, which may or may not lead to a future solicitation. This is not a request for quotes. The VA will not pay for any information received resulting from this Sources Sought notice. Requests for copies of a solicitation shall not be honored or acknowledged. However, if your firm can provide these requirements, and it is interested in this opportunity, please provide written notification to the Contracting Officer. SDVOSB or VOSB must be certified on the Veterans Small Business Certification website at: Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov). Confidentiality: Contractor agrees to abide by all applicable Federal laws and regulations pertaining to the privacy of patients and or VA employees, including all Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996/ Information Security regulations as they are implemented within the VA. The contractor also agrees to abide by the confidentiality requirements of the protocols. Only responses from authorized representatives of the firm will be considered. Product Service Code (PSC): Q523 Specific healthcare services The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code: 622110 General medical and surgical hospitals Services Business Size Standard: $47M Point of Contact(s): Fernando Defillo (813) 796-3917, Fernando.defillo@va.gov Scope: The contractor will perform Perfusionist/Autotransfusion Services on-site at the VA location. INTERESTED PARTIES: All interested firms must be registered in SAM (System for Award Management) to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Interested parties responding to this Sources Sought request shall submit a capability statement with the following information at a minimum: Point of contact with phone number and email Company name and address SAM.gov Unique Entity Identification code Socio-economic status to identify business class as being a large business, SDVOSB, VOSB, small business, Woman Owned, etc. Documentation relating to capability of performance. Any other pertinent company documentation, prior to submission of offers to a solicitation. Any SDVOSB or VOSB firms responding to this Sources Sought Notice must be certified and verified in the Veterans Small Business Certification website at: Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) The response due date to this Sources Sought notice is March 11, 2026, at 4:00pm EST. Please email responses to Fernando G. Defillo at Fernando.defillo@va.gov. Only electronic responses will be accepted.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e12367fb61a748e2bb434545d8710739/view