---
layout: default
title: Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System (EMALS) and Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) Joint Depot Standup
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 670b801f6b34433d936318fc448972f5
---

# Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System (EMALS) and Advanced Arresting Gear (AAG) Joint Depot Standup

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 11:13:31.021-04
- Solicitation Number: N00019-26-RFPREQ-TPM251-0333

## Summary

This Sources Sought Notice is being posted to satisfy the requirement of Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 10.001 and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) PGI 206.103-170.? The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR} is seeking eligible business firms who can provide a depot repair and overhaul capability for Ford Class carriers for the Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System (EMALS). The efforts will entail depot level logistics support, products, and test benches, to include all required test fixtures, test stands, Peculiar Support Equipment (PSE), Common Support Equipment (CSE), software, and tools, as part of the test configuration logistics product updates as it directly correlates to Depot Stand Up for the EMALS Ford Class. This effort also includes Support Equipment Requirement Data (SERDs), Support Equipment Tools, engineering, program management, and logistics support. The planned contract award date is April 2027, with performance through June 2030 (inclusive of options) to support Ford Class operational capability. Background: EMALS is an aircraft launch system that provides the ability to launch current and projected carrier-based, nose-gear-launch (NGL) equipped aircraft from Ford-class aircraft carriers. The ESS is comprised of 12 motor-generators and control systems and powers the carrier’s aircraft launch system. The AAG is an aircraft arrestment system that provides the ability to recover current and projected carrier-based, tail-hook-equipped aircraft from Ford-class aircraft carriers.? The EMALS and AAG systems improve both launch and arresting gear margins of safety from the current steam catapult and current arresting gear levels to the values needed for future fleet operational requirements. Special Requirements: NAVAIR expects to receive from each respondent a full response with capability summary, which contains a detailed description that clearly demonstrates the below requirements Company currently possesses or has authorized access or has a viable plan to obtain, generate, or otherwise secure authorized access to the necessary technical data to complete the above tasking and that it will be maintained throughout the duration of the effort being solicited. Specifically, the development of new Depot related technical data, and update existing technical data. Identification and documentation of diagnostic capabilities, Built in Test Equipment (BITE) requirements for fault detection and fault isolation requirements down to the Line Replaceable Unit (LRU) to Shop Repairable Unit (SRU) and SRU to the component level. Documentation of Peculiar Support Equipment (PSE), and Automated Test Equipment requirements down to the LRU and how to roll that into the overall System Specification repository Identification of opportunities to combine and standardize PSE when feasible to optimize life cycle support cost Development of Support Equipment Recommendation Data (SERD) for EMALS Depot level equipment Development of Detailed Functional Description Documentation Packages (DFDDPs) for EMALS and AAG Depot level equipment Development of Depot-level off-equipment Fault Isolation (FI) procedures, Depot-level off-equipment repair procedures, and Peculiar support equipment documentation (TDP) to support EMALS and AAG Depot level equipment Development and production of updated Depot logistics products and incorporate into existing Logistics Product Database (LPD) Eligibility: The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 336413, Other Aircraft Part and Auxiliary Equipment Manufacturing, with a Small Business Size Standard of 1,250 employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1710 – Aircraft Landing Equipment and 1720 – Aircraft Launching Equipment The results of this Sources Sought Notice will also be used to determine if any Small Business Set-Aside opportunities exist. In addition, this market research tool is being used to identify potential and eligible firms of all sizes, prior to determining the method of acquisition. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. Note: FAR 52.219-14 Limitation on Subcontracting requires a small business prime on a Set-Aside to perform at least 50% of the cost of contract performance. Small business primes may now count “first tier subcontracted” work performed by similarly situated entities as if it were performed by the prime itself. To assist in our market research and determination of any applicable small business set-aside for this effort, if you are a small business interested in priming this effort and plan to utilize “similarly situated entities” to meet the Limitations on Subcontracting, please identify the name & CAGE Code of the specific firm(s) you intend to partner/subcontract with to meet the requirements as well as their SB size status under the NAICS that you as the prime would assign for their workshare. Information regarding any planned similarly situated entity should be included in the response to this notice to assist the Government’s capability determination. Disclaimer: THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. Capability Package Submittal Information and Instructions: Responsible parties may identify their interest by responding to the requirement with a capability statement (no more than 10 pages in length). No phone inquiries will be entertained. Responses shall be made in writing by e-mail to the attention of the listed points of contacts using the contact information provided. Interested parties are requested to submit their capability statement along with their company name, address, and any comments or questions to Stephen Peltzer, Stephen.b.peltzer.civ@us.navy.mil and Margo O’Rear at margo.b.orear.civ@us.navy.mil by 4:00 PM (EST) on 01 May 2026. Late responses submitted past the day and time may not be considered. Classified material shall not be submitted. All submissions should include this Sources Sought Notice Reference Number, company name, company address, CAGE code, UEI number, and a point-of-contact who is able to discuss the Capability Statement submitted. Point-of-contact information should include name, position, phone number, and email address. The Government will acknowledgement receipt of the response. All information submitted will be adequately safeguarded from unauthorized disclosure in accordance with FAR 15.504-2. All submissions must be clearly marked IAW DoDI 5200.48, Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Responses that fail to comply with the above instructions or present ideas not pertinent to subject, may not be reviewed. All information received in response to this Notice that is marked proprietary will be handled accordingly. Information submitted in response to this Notice is submitted at no cost to the Government and will not be returned. The Government is under no obligation to provide responses or comments to information received from interested persons but may request additional information following review. Note: If the interested person is a foreign concern or if a U.S. interested person has a team member or partner who is a foreign entity, adherence to all International Traffic and Arms Regulations (ITAR) is required.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephen Peltzer
  - Email: stephen.b.peltzer.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Margo O'Rear
  - Email: margo.b.orear.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/670b801f6b34433d936318fc448972f5/view)