---
layout: default
title: J079--Facility Pressure Washing
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 4e0d4aa6e89b4253ba69ce797ca8fede
---

# J079--Facility Pressure Washing

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-12 16:02:53.054-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0441
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Good day, SDVOSB s, VOSB s, SB s This Sources Sought is issued solely for informational and planning purposes only. It does not constitute the issuance of a solicitation or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future. The purpose of this notice is to conduct market research and obtain information from qualified SDVOSB businesses. This is not a request for bids, quotes, offers, or proposals. The responses to this announcement will assist in determining the socio-economic status such as a SDVOSB set-aside if feasible. If insufficient SDVOSB responses are received to establish the basis for setting this requirement aside for SDVOSB s, the requirement may be solicited as a VOSB or a SB set aside in which case all interested parties responding shall be eligible to compete. Please direct reply in the affirmative via email if you are interested and can provide the required service/product for this requirement. Please provide your capability statement, I will accept responses for this Sources Sought until the 19th of March, 2026 at 14:00 EST, thanks. PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT PRESSURE WASHING SERVICES Introduction The Government requires the pressure washing services to main entrances including walkways of multiple buildings located on the C.W. Bill Young Medical Center, Bay Pines VA Healthcare System campus. Description/Scope/ Objective The Contractor shall provide all labor, transportation, materials, equipment, and supervision required to perform complete cleanliness related services at the Bay Pines VA Healthcare System main entrances of buildings listed below for approximately 155,000 sq. ft, in total combined areas in a manner that will maintain a clean, neat, safe and professional appearance throughout the areas covered under the contract. Applicable Documents 3.1. The following laws, regulations, policies, and procedures in effect on date of contract issuance and all subsequent changes or updates apply: FAR Federal Acquisition Regulation VAAR Veterans Administration Acquisition Regulation SCA DOL Website Service Contract Act (SCA) Directory of Occupations (Fifth Edition) http://www.dol.gov/whd/contracts/sca.htm ANSI https://pdflakekxng.files.wordpress.com/2015/04/ansi-z133-safety-standard-pdf.pdf VA Directive 0057 VA Environmental Program https://www.va.gov/vapubs/Search_action.cfm VA Directive 0058 VA Green Purchasing Program https://www.va.gov/vapubs/Search_action.cfm 3.2. Glossary: Acronyms used in this PWS are listed below for easy reference: CO Contracting Officer COR Contracting Officer s Representative POC Point of Contact FAR Federal Acquisition Regulation UF University of Florida IPM Integrated Pest Management Plan Performance Requirements Upon award of contract, the Contractor shall pressure wash the main entrances, walkways, and any sitting area within, for the duration of the contract twice annually (2 times a year). The Contractor shall ensure that the entryway has been cleared of dirt, stains, moss and algae that has accumulated on the tiles. The Contractor shall clear out any dirt and debris that s collected in the drains after the area has been thoroughly rinsed off. The Contractor will replace any tiles, signs, and any other item broken due to pressure washing. The Contractor shall inform the POC of any damages that is present in the area. The Contractor will pressure wash the entrances every 6 months. The Contractors shall perform the work after the hours of operations to prevent the disruption of patient care. The Contractor shall seal off the areas during the cleaning process with a barrier to prevent bystanders from interfering with the work. The Contractor shall insure to use strong commercial chemical cleaners to remove the grease, stains from walks, walls, and entryways The Contractor shall rinse off the chemicals with hot water. The Contractor shall insure the proper disposal of the water mix with chemicals. The Contractor shall insure that the areas are properly degreased and free of stains before determining the job has been completed. The following building entrances and walkways are to be cleaned twice per year Building Entrances to be cleaned twice a year: Building 1 - Canteen Entrance Doors, Walls, Lights, Stairs, Curbs, Tables, Benches, Trashcans, Walkways, Picnic Pads, and Patio Building 1 - Dockside Entrance Doors, Overhang, Walls, Curbing, Railing, and Ramp to Parking Lot Building 1 - Main Waterside Entrance Doors, Walls, Lights, Walkways, and Stairs Building 2 - North Entrance Doors, Lights, Walls, Trashcan, Ceiling, Walkways, Stairs, Ramp to Parking, and Railing Building 2 - East Main Entrance Doors, Walls, Stairs, Lights, Railing, and Walkways Building 2 - South Entrance Doors, Walls, Lights, Ceiling, Railing, Walkway, Ramp to Parking, and Stairs Building 2 - West Entrance Doors, Walls, Lights, Ceiling, Railing, Walkway, Ramp, and Stairs Building 11 - VA Police Main Entrance Doors, Overhang, Walls, Railing, Stairs, and Concrete Landing Building 20 - Post Office Entrance Doors, Walls, Lights, Railings, Stairs, and Walkway Building 1-22 - Admin East Entrance Doors, Walkway, Stairs, Railings, Bench, Lights, and Trashcan Building 1-22 - West Entrance Doors, Walkway, Stairs, Railings, Walls, Lights, and Trashcan Building 22 - Bus Stop Benches, Bus Shelters, Trashcans, Walkways, and Curb Building 22 - North Entrance Doors, Walls, Lights, Overhang, Stairs, Walkway, Railing, Curb, Ramp, and Trashcan Building 23 - East Entrance Doors, Walls, Lights, Benches, Trashcans, Overhang, Pillars, and Walkway Building 24 - South Entrance Walkway, Ramp, Walls, Railing, Curb, and Overhang Building 36 - Veterans Courtyard Walkway, Planters, Tables, Benches, and Trashcans Building 37 - Courtyard Entrance Doors, Walls, Lights, Ceiling, Rails, Walkway, and Stairs Building 37 - Loading Dock Doors, Walls, Lights, Overhang, Railing, Walkways, and Ramps to Parking Lot Building 71 & 101 - Main Entrance Doors, Sidewalks, Walls, Benches, Overhang, Lights, and Pillars Building 100 - East Entrance Doors, Walls, Walkways, Overhang, Lights, Benches, and Pillars Building 100 - Emergency Entrance Doors, Walls, Walkways, Overhang, Railings, Curb, Benches, Trashcans, Lights, and Parking Spaces Building 100 - Main Entrance Doors, Walls, Overhang, Benches, Trashcans, Bollards, Lights, Curbs, Planter Walls, and Walkways Building 100 - Outpatient Entrance Doors, Walls, Trashcans, Benches, Walkways, Railings, Overhang, Lights, and Curbs Building 100 - Plaza Entrance Doors, Walkways, Concrete Patio Areas, Walls, Overhang, Pillars, Lights, Trashcans, Benches, Picnic Tables, Sides of Water Fountain, and Lighted Bollards Building 101 - Entrance Doors, Walkway, Overhang, Lights, Railing, Picnic Tables, Walls, and Trashcans Building 102 - Entrances ABCD (4) Doors, Overhang, Lights, Sidewalk, Walls, Benches, Picnic Tables, Bike Racks, and Trashcans Building 102 - Service Entrance Doors, Walkways, Walls, Overhang, Lights, Curbs, Railing, Bollard, and Concrete Parking Area Building 106 - Eye Clinic Entrance Doors, Glass, Benches, Walkways, Trashcans, Overhang, Walls, and Lights Building 106 - Parking Garage Entrance Doors, Walkways, Overhang, Walls, Awning Posts, and Lights Building 107 - ROC Entrance Doors, Lights, Overhang, Bollards, Walkways, and Trashcan Building 111 - Main Entrance Doors, Walkways, Concrete Pillars, Overhang, Walls, Benches, Trashcans, Planters, Bollards, Bike Racks, and Tables. Building 111 - Patio Entrance Doors, Walkways, Walls, Lights, and Planters Complete pressure washing entry areas including walkways and any sitting areas measuring approximately 155,000 SF in total to be completed 2 times per year. (every 6 months). Period of Performance Location and Hours Contract period of performance dates: Base Period: 8/1/2026 to 7/31/2027 Option Period I: 8/1/2027 to 7/31/2028 Option Period II: 8/1/2028 to 7/31/2029 Option Period III: 8/1/2029 to 7/31/2030 Option Period IV: 8/1/2030 to 7/31/2031

5.1 The Bay Pines VA Healthcare System, C.W. Bill Young Medical Center, 10000 Bay Pines Blvd., Bay Pines, FL 33744

5.2 Work is to be coordinated with Contracting Office Representative to avoid interrupting patient or visitor services.

5.3 Work must be done after hours between 6:00 pm and 12:00 midnight Monday - Friday. Weekends 7:00 am 6:00 pm Deliverables

6.1 Field Report each time service is rendered

6.2 Material Data Sheets for each task

6.3 Type of Personal Protection Equipment for each task Key Personnel Replacement and Substitution

7.1 Requests for approval of substitutions shall be in writing and shall provide a detailed explanation of the circumstances necessitating the proposed substitutions. The request shall contain a complete resume for the proposed substitute, and any other information requested or required by the Contracting Officer to approve or disapprove the request. Proposed substitutes shall have qualifications that are equal to or higher than the personnel being augmented. The Contracting Officer or his/her authorized representative shall evaluate such requests and promptly notify the Contractor in writing whether the proposed substitution is acceptable.

7.2 If the Contracting Officer determines that, (1) suitable and timely replacement of personnel who have been reassigned, terminated or have otherwise become unavailable for the contract work is not reasonably forthcoming, or (2) the resultant substitution would be so substantial as to impair the successful completion of the contract or the delivery order in accordance with the proposal accepted by the Government at time of contract award, the Contracting Officer may, (1) terminate the contract for default or for the convenience of the Government, as appropriate, or (2) at his discretion, if he finds the Contractor at fault for the condition, equitably adjust the contract price downward to compensate the Government for any resultant delay, loss or damage. Contractor Personnel and Management

8.1 Contractor Personnel. The Contractor shall be responsible for employing qualified personnel to perform the work specified in this PWS. The Contractor shall maintain the personnel, organization and administrative control necessary to ensure that the work delivered meets the contract specifications and requirements.

8.2 Contractor Badges. Notwithstanding the requirement to wear a Government furnished badge, Contractor personnel shall also wear a laminated contractor identification badge at all times when performing services under this Contract. The badge will contain a personal picture, name of employee, and Contractor's name. Badges shall be worn on the outer garment attached to the outer shirt or jacket pocket by a button or clip or worn around the neck secured by an appropriate identification card lanyard above the waist. 8.2.1. Government issued identification badge remains the property of the Government and shall be returned to the issuing office or other designated Government personnel upon transfer of Contractor employees from the contract.

8.3 Contractor Badges. Notwithstanding the requirement to wear a Government furnished badge, Contractor personnel shall also always wear a laminated contractor identification badge when performing services under this Contract, including when on Government directed travel the badge will contain a personal picture, name of employee, and Contractor's name. Badges shall be worn on the outer garment attached to the outer shirt or jacket pocket by a button or clip or worn around the neck secured by an appropriate identification card lanyard above the waist.

8.3 Safety/Security Requirements. The Contractor shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and ensure performance is secure while protecting material, equipment, and supplies from damage and loss. Government security personnel shall have the express right to inspect for security violations at any time during the term of the contract.

8.4 All information generated in performance of this contract becomes property of the Government and must be surrendered upon request and/or completion of the contract. The Contractor must protect against the destruction and/or misplacement of all information produced under this contract, unless directed under local policy to destroy. This includes both hard and soft copies of data. 8.5. The Contractor shall not release any information (including photographs, files, public announcements, statements, denials, or confirmations) on any part of the subject matter of this contract or any phase of any program hereunder without the prior written approval of the POC.

8.6 Standards of Conduct 8.6.1 Conduct of Personnel. Contractor personnel shall conduct themselves in a professional manner (i.e. timeliness, communication; spoken and written etc.). The Contracting Officer may require the Contractor to remove from the job site any employee working under this contract for reasons of suspected misconduct, a suspected security breach, or suspected to be under the influence of alcohol, drugs, or any other incapacitating agent. Contractor employees shall be subject to dismissal from the premises upon determination by the Contracting Officer that such action is necessary in the interests of the Government. The hospital director or designated representative has the authority to bar individuals from the Government facility. The removal from the job site or dismissal from the premises shall not relieve the Contractor of the requirement to provide sufficient personnel to perform the services as required by this performance work statement. The Government shall not reimburse the Contractor for travel and other expenses associated with the removal of personnel. 8.6.2 Contractor personnel are not authorized to carry or possess personal weapons to include, but not limited to, firearms and knives with a blade length more than three inches, while assigned under this contract. 8.6.3 Working Attire and Appearance. Contractor personnel shall present a professional appearance commensurate with standards delineated for Government civilian personnel acting in similar capacities. Appropriate personal protective devices must be worn. 8.6.4 The Government reserves the right to review Contractor personnel qualifications. Upon request, resumes shall be provided to the Contracting Officer prior to clearance approval, for review and acceptance by the POC. The intent is verification purpose and not for the Government to become the hiring authority. 8.6.5 The Contractor shall have a minimum of THREE (3) years of specialized continuous experience as required by this Performance Work Statement (PWS). 8.6.6 General Contractor shall have the 30 hr OSHA course. General Contractor shall provide copy of certification to the CO. 8.6.7 Contractors must check in with the Contracting Office Representative before beginning work. 8.6.8 Contractor vehicles must be operated in accordance with all VA traffic regulations. Vehicles must be identified by Company name or logo. Contractors will be allowed two vehicles per visit. Travel N/A Non-personal Service Statement

10.1 Contractor employees performing services under this order will be controlled, directed, and always supervised by management personnel of the contractor. Contractor management will ensure that employees properly comply with the performance standards outlined in the PWS. Contractor employees will perform their duties independent of, and without the supervision of, any Government official. Contractor supervisor is always to remain on property when services are performed. The tasks, duties, and responsibilities set forth in the contract may not be interpreted or implemented in any manner that results in any contractor employee creating or modifying Federal policy, obligating the appropriated funds of the United States Government, overseeing the work of Federal employees, providing direct personal services to any Federal employee, or otherwise violating the prohibitions set forth in Parts 7.5 and 37.1 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). The Government will control access to the facility and will perform the inspection and acceptance of the completed work.

10.2 The Contractor is liable for all damages to Government equipment, property; utilities, etc., located at the site (e.g. sprinkler heads, manholes, fire hydrants, vehicles, windows, etc.) caused by the Contractor, its employees or it subcontractors. The Contractor shall immediately report all damages to the POC and shall provide the Contracting Officer (CO) and POC, a written report, within 24 hrs. The report shall include following: What occurred, how it occurred, date/time occurred, and the proposed means to repair or replace.

10.3 Contractor warrants that at all times during the performance of this contract they shall maintain general liability insurance in an amount not less than $500,000, a comprehensive automobile liability insurance in the amount of $300,000, and workers compensation insurance of $ 1, 000,000.00 that must be presented with bid proposal.

10.4 Contractor is to maintain free and unobstructed access to facility emergency services and for fire, police and other emergency response forces in accordance with NFPA 241. Personnel Qualifications

11.1 The Contractor shall be responsible for employing qualified personnel to perform the work specified in this PWS. The Contractor shall maintain the personnel, organization, and administrative control necessary to ensure that the work delivered meets the contract specifications and requirements.

11.2 Contractor shall provide a supervisor who speaks English on site at all times.

11.3 Personnel should be properly trained in safety and performance of their respective duties.

11.4 Appropriate safety equipment shall be furnished by the Contractor-to-Contractor personnel and shall be used as prescribed by OSHA standards. Performance Standards and Quality Measurement

12.1 Performance standards define desired services. The Government performs surveillance to determine if the Contractor exceeds, meets, or does not meet these standards. The Government shall use these standards to determine Contractor performance and shall compare Contractor performance to the Acceptable Quality Level (AQL). The Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) method of surveillance will be by random inspection.

12.2 The QASP and its performance objectives are as follows: PWS Para. Performance Objective Performance Standard Acceptable Quality Level Surveillance Method Compliance

6.0 Field Report Deficiencies identified and work done Provided each time service is performed. Inspection conducted by the POC, his representative and/or customer comment. Below AQL, non-acceptance of services. A Contract Discrepancy Report (CDR) will be issued for performance below the AQL. The Contractor will have five workdays to provide a response that includes an improvement strategy for addressing the issues. 30 days after issuing the CDR, the Contractor will be re-rated. If performance does not comply with PWS, the PCO will be notified, the performance record will be documented, and PCO may pursue contract action.

4.1 Pressure Wash Entrances Performed bi-annually. Ensure that the area has been cleared of dirt, stains, moss and algae that has accumulated on walks and entrances. Clear out any dirt and debris that s collected in the drains after the area has been thoroughly rinsed off. Replace any broken tiles due to pressure washing. 100% Inspection conducted by the POC, his representative and/or customer comment. Below AQL, non-acceptance of services. A Contract Discrepancy Report (CDR) will be issued for performance below the AQL. The Contractor will have five workdays to provide a response that includes an improvement strategy for addressing the issues. 30 days after issuing the CDR, the Contractor will be re-rated. If performance does not comply with PWS, the PCO will be notified, the performance record will be documented, and PCO may pursue contract action.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William Penhallegon
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: william.penhallegon@va.gov
  - Phone: 727-398-6661 Ext 10082

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4e0d4aa6e89b4253ba69ce797ca8fede/view)