---
layout: default
title: 20--LARGE AFT TILE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 135eed38924e4339bd6a155a0b43b1c6
---

# 20--LARGE AFT TILE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 04:34:50.927-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425QYJ04

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N741.11|GDS|N/A|ABIGAIL.R.HURLBUT.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|SEE SPECIFICATIONS SECTION C AND SECTION E| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| PRODUCTION LOT TESTING|1|45| INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE POINT|6|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD| DESIRED AND REQUIRED TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|29|CLIN 0001AA|55|180||||||||||||||||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|STAND-ALONE RECEIVING REPORT- CERTIFICATIONS;COMBO-RECEIVING REPORT & INVOICE-MATERIAL|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|N32253-55|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|SEE FORM DD1423|| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|ONE YEAR FROM DATE OF DELIVERY.|ONE YEAR FROM DATE OF DELIVERY||||| QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS (FEB 1995)|2|ABIGAIL HURLBUT|ABIGAIL.R.HURLBUT.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| WARRANTY OF DATA--BASIC (MAR 2014)|2||X| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL--GOVERNMENT TESTING (SEP 1989)|7|ONE|0001AC|TBD|N4621A|12-18M||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY (MAR 1989)|1|365 DAYS| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13||X|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS (FEB 2024)|4|336611|1300||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|336611|1300|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| EVALUATION OF FIRST ARTICLE TESTING|3|X|25K-175K|| The subject amendment it hereby incorporated to. The purpose of this solicitation amendment is to change closing date to 21 APR2026. Please contact the POC Abigail Hurlbut via email abigiail.r.hurlbut.civ@us.navy.mil if you have any questions orconcerns in regards to the amendment or requirement. All other term and conditions remain unchanged. \ The subject amendment is hereby incorporated to. The purpose of this solicitation amendment is to change closing date to 10 Feb 2026. Please contact the POC Abigail Hurlbut via email Abigail.r.hurlbut.civ@us.navy.mil if you have any questions or concerns in regards to the amendment or requirement. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. \ The subject amendment is hereby incorporated to. The purpose of this solicitation amendment is to change closing date to 08 DEC2025. Please contact the POC Abigail Hurlbut via emailAbigail.r.hurlbut.civ@us.navy.mil if you have any questions or concerns inregards to the amendment or requirement. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. \ The subject amendment is hereby incorporated to. The purpose of this solcitation amendment is to change the closing date to 10 OCT 2025. Please contact the POC Abigail Hurlbut via email Abigail.r.hurlbut.civ@us.navy.mil if you have any questions or concerns in regards to the amendment or requirement. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. \ 1. This requirement is pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). 2. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 4. If requirement will be packaged at a location different from the offeror's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 5. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 6. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page under Contract Opportunities on SAM.gov website. After requesting access, send an email to the POC listed on the solicitation. 7. NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers IAW FAR 13.106(a)(2). 8. Offeror's must have a valid U.S. Security Clearance of Confidential or higher in order to respond to this RFQ N0010425QYJ04, because the RFQ N0010425QYJ04 includes an annex classified at the confidential level, which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriate clearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program Operating (NSPOM)(DoD 5220-22-M) and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). 9. The option provision is included in the event the Government has an additional requirement 365 DAYS after issuance of the award. This will authorize the Government to add the additional quantity, up to the percentage cited, to the order, via modification without having to re-solicit. 10. It is requested that pricing be submitted on the option provision. 11.This solicitation requires First Article Testing (FAT). See FAR 52.290-4 First Article Approval - Government Testing for more details. 12. This solicitation requires Production Lot Testing (PLT). See Local NAVSUP clause WWSTERMEZ02 Production Lot Testing for more details. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the LARGE AFT TILE . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.3 Identification of Classified Documents - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have authorized access to classified documents in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254). The classified documents and security level are: ;NAVSEA DWG. 690-7383793 Confidential; DRAWING DATA=8499978 |53711| D| |D|ALL | |00000|0000000 DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |K |000115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the LARGE AFT TILE furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;53711; cage ;8499978; . 3.1.1 ;P/N 690-8499978-SHT-44 "Drawing # 8499978 Rev D TOWED ARRAY COVER TILE LARGE AFT TILE, SHEET 44 From Sheet 2 Item 20 TOWED ARRAY COVER TILE LARGE AFT TILE NAVY STOCK NUMBER: 2090-01-714-7031; 3.1.2 ;Specific Requirements - A. DURA X tile shall be supplied with vacuum and gasket grooves. B. Vacuum groove pattern modified to include vertical grooves on both sides of pattern, closing each outer vacuum channel loop. C. NAVSEA drawing 8499978 should be used as guidance for the O-ring gasket and vacuum groove designs. Reference 8499978 Paragraph 3.6 for tile O-ring material specifications. 3.2 ; Source Control Item - Previous delivery of this specified National Stock Number or similar item manufactured to technical procurement specifications and/or drawings supplied by a Government activity or Price Contractor does not in itself qualify a supplier as a Government approved source. Only those sources for this item currently approved by the Government will be considered for this award. The time required for approval of a new supplier is normally such that award cannot be delayed pending approval of the new source. Qualification and testing requirements are extensive and time consuming. To maintain appropriate stock levels and prevent work stoppage, a prospective contractor must be determined to be qualified by the engineering activity prior to submitting offer. If you have not been solicited and you can furnish either (a) proof of your prior approval as a supplier of this item, or (b) data showing you have produced the same or similar items satisfactorily for the Government or a commercial source, or (c) test data indicating your product can meet service operating requirements, or (d) other pertinent data concerning your qualification to produce the required item, notify the Procurement Contracting Officer in writing, furnishing said proof of data for evaluation, possibly leading to your firm being authorized as an approved source for this procurement or subsequent procurements. Your interest will be forwarded to the In-Service Engineering Agent (ISEA) responsible for this item.; 3.2.1 ;Current government approved Sources for this material are the following: CAGE 1K3G5, MARINE POLYMERS INCC CAGE 0SX38, WESTLAND TECHNOLOGIES INCC CAGE 0BBK9, Goodrich Corporation (Collins Aerospace);

3.3 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.4 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the SPCC Contracting Officer has been notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, or a detailed description of the change, explaining the reason therefore. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings inthe form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE/MINOR DESIGN CHANGE - If the Manufacturer's Part Number or item design indicated thereon has changed, but form, fit and function of the item is not affected thereby, and the design change meets the criteria for minor, by not effecting form, fit, function, reliability or safety , supply the item and advise SPCC immediately of the new part number, furnishing a detail drawing and/or a detailed description of the change, as applicable. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.5 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere.

3.6 Security Clearance Required - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have a Government Security Clearance in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254).

3.7 First Article Approval (Government Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required. 3.7.1 ;per ISEA, First Article Testing is required to determine quality of work for potential vendor qualification. FAT will be conducted at contractor expense. POC Paul Lampazzi, Materials Engineer, Code 332 Philadelphia Naval Base, Philadelphia, PA 19112-5083 ;paul.a.lampazzi.civ@us.navy.mil;(215) 897-1612 ; 3.7.2 ;Per

4.2 Drawing 8499978 Rev D,"FIRST ARTICLE TESTS SHALL BE CONDUCTED BY THE GOVERNMENT.";

3.8 Production Lot Approval (Government Testing) - Production Lot Test and approval is required. 3.8.1 ;Per

4.2 Drawing 8499978 Rev D, "The production of tiles is subject to the requirement of conformance testing. Conformance tests shall be conducted by the Government."; 3.9 ;The supplier shall provide a Certificate of Conformance (COC) or Certificate of Acceptance (COA) with each SHT material. Package one COC/COA per item. See CDRL A0001 for more information.; 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208.

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 4.5 ;A Certificate of Conformance (COC) or Certificate of Acceptance (COA) shall accompany each SHT material, as stated within PNS ltr 9110 Ser 250/009 of 1 Mar 23. Package one COC/COA per item. SUPPLIER FORMAT IS ACCEPTABLE. As indicated in CDRL A0001.; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. 6.2 ;"250.009 CUI REQUEST FOR NAVAL SEA SYSTEMS COMMAND CONSIDERATION FOR REDUCTION IN RECEIPT INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS FOR SUBMARINE SPECIAL HULL TREATMENT MATERIAL" & "9690 ltr ser 05u7_039 - SHT reciept inspection reduction Distro (004).pdf are available upon request. Documents cover noise reduction and whether or not PLT can be waived in lieu of a COC/COA.; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;A Certificate of Conformance (COC) or Certificate of Acceptance (COA) shall accompany each SHT material, as stated within PNS ltr 9110 Ser 250/009 of 1 Mar 23. Package one COC/COA per item.SUPPLIER FORMAT IS ACCEPTABLE. COC/COA shall provide test reports certifying conformance of material samples to requirements. In addition, the COC/COA shall provide documentation for traceability of each unit to the mateial batch that produced it. COC/COA satisfies the laboratory/material testing part of the receipt inspection process. Per approval letter, "No receipt inspection material/laboratory testing is required." PNS ltr 9690 Ser 05U7/039, 29 Mar 2023, approves request from PNS ltr 9110 250/009, 1 Mar 23; both availableupon request. The requirements of letters do not authorize any change in terms, conditions, delivery schedule or price or amount of the subject contract or any other Government contract. In the event you consider that these requirements represent a change for which you are entitled to an equitable adjustment, you are to comply with the requirements of the "Notification of Changes" clause in the contract.;

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176056805
  - Email: ABIGAIL.R.HURLBUT.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: at the confidential level, which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriate clearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program Operating (NSPOM)(DoD 5220-22-M) and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). 9. The option provision is included in the event the Government has an additional requirement 365 DAYS after issuance of the award. This will authorize the Government to add the additional quantity, up to the percentage cited, to the order, via modification without having to re-solicit. 10. It is requested that pricing be submitted on the option provision. 11.This solicitation requires First Article Testing (FAT). See FAR 52.290-4 First Article Approval - Government Testing for more details. 12. This solicitation requires Production Lot Testing (PLT). See Local NAVSUP clause WWSTERMEZ02 Production Lot Testing for more details. \ 1. SCOPE
- Attachment 2: this contract/purchase order

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/135eed38924e4339bd6a155a0b43b1c6/view)