---
layout: default
title: ONR Code 011 Strategy, Policy, Plans, and Assessment (SPPA) Support Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 71ac08496c7a4a0a80a0a49c13573fb5
---

# ONR Code 011 Strategy, Policy, Plans, and Assessment (SPPA) Support Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 09:31:53.68-04
- Solicitation Number: N0001426RFI7002

## Summary

UPDATED 19 MARCH 2026 UPDATED DRAFT CDRLS ARE ATTACHED FOR VENDORS TO VIEW. _________________________________________________________________________________________ Request for Information/Sources Sought ONR Code 011 Strategy, Policy, Plans, and Assessment (SPPA) Support Services N0001426RFI7002 RFI/SS Information for Responses This announcement constitutes a combination Request for Information (RFI) and Sources Sought (SS) for the purpose of determining market capability of sources and obtaining market research information. It does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), or an indication that the Government will contract any of the items and/or services discussed in this notice. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.201, responses to this RFI/SS notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Contractors responding to this request are advised that participation does NOT ensure opportunities for future solicitations or contract awards. Capability Statements, comments, or responses to this RFI/SS are not to be construed as offers and any input received is not binding on the Government or this potential future requirement. The Government will NOT reimburse any Contractor or individual for any expenses associated with preparation or participation in this RFI/SS. This RFI/SS includes the following attachments: DRAFT Performance Work Statement DRAFT CDRLs Responses to this RFI/SS shall be submitted via to the Contract Specialist amy.anokye.civ@us.navy.mil no later than 12:00 pm local time, Washington D.C. on 24 Mar 2026 (Tuesday). In the subject line of the email, please state - N0001426RFI7002– Code 011 – Company Name. The submission should be prepared in the order below. Responses should be submitted as ONE attachment to the POC named above. Cover Page - Not to Exceed 1 page Name of Organization, Cage Code and Unique Entity ID Number; Address of Organization; Telephone Number, Address, and Email address for the primary point of contact for Capability Statement; Indicate all Small Business Type(s) that you qualify for (e.g., Small Business, Woman-Owned Small Business, Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, 8(a) Certified, HUBZone Certified, Veteran Owned Small Business, and/or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business); and, Name and number of multiple award vehicles under which the PWS scope would fit, i.e. GSA OASIS, Navy Seaport, etc. Contractor Responses to Government Questions – Not To Exceed 10 pages (excludes Cover Page) Contractor Comments/Edits/Recommendations to the Draft PWS and/or Draft CDRLS – Unlimited Planned Strategy ONR plans to award one task order for the requirements under the PWS. At this time, the Government considers this requirement as non commercial. The Government intends to use Navy Seaport as the contractual vehicle unless information is submitted as a result of this market research that changes the strategy. If you do not have a Navy Seaport contract, but you believe you could provide a solution on another Government IDIQ, please include the contract name and number in your response. The Government intends to award a task order on/around 3 Dec 2026 for eight (8) Full Time Equivalents (FTE’s). At the end of the base year, should the Government exercise Option I, an additional three (3) FTE’s will be added. Incumbent Contractors/Award Prices The current contracts, and incumbent contractors, for the work is below. Values and size were determined at time of award. N0017819D7461/ N0001421F3004/Cydecor - $11.1M – 60 Months – Cost Plus Fixed Fee – Large – 3 Dec 2026 (Ultimate End Date) – Eight (8) FTE’s N0017819D7206/ N0001423F3001/Avian - $5.7M – 60 Months – Cost Plus Fixed Fee – Small – Ends 31 Jan 2028 (Ultimate End Date) – Three (3) FTE’s NAICS As noted above, the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code to this potential award will be 541330 with a size standard of $ 25.5M. This is the only NAICS allowed under Navy Seaport. If your company does not have Navy Seaport, but you believe the scope of the work may fit under another multiple award contract, include the information and the appropriate NAICS. PSC The Product Service Code (PSC) applicable to this potential award is R408. Contract Type The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Level of Effort for Labor and Cost Reimbursement (no fee) for Other Direct Cost. ODC’s may include travel and materials. The Government is also considering a cost reimbursable (no fee) CLIN to account for hours spent over 1,920. For this CLIN, no overtime premiums will be paid and the rate submitted via voucher will be the same rate as in the Section B unit price. Security Requirements ONR anticipates a DD 254 will apply to this contract at the SECRET level. Period of Performance The Government plans for an award on/around 3 Dec 2026. The contract period of performance is estimated to be 60 months/5 years. The Government will include FAR 52.217-8 and will evaluate for a 6 month option IAW the clause. Estimated PoP Start End Base Period (Year 1) Thursday, December 3, 2026 Thursday, December 2, 2027 Option I (Year 2) Friday, December 3, 2027 Saturday, December 2, 2028 Option II (Year 3) Sunday, December 3, 2028 Sunday, December 2, 2029 Option III (Year 4) Monday, December 3, 2029 Monday, December 2, 2030 Option IV (Year 5) Wednesday, December 3, 1930 Tuesday, December 2, 2031 Organizational Conflict of Interest ONR has determined that an actual or potential organizational conflict of interest (OCI) exists when a Contractor (including its parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates) performs both systems engineering and technical assistance (SETA) or other support services and Research and Development (R&D) work. Such situations give rise to OCIs or potential OCIs based on impaired objectivity, biased ground rules, and unequal access to information. ONR prefers that companies avoid such situations altogether by choosing to do only one type of work for ONR. See ONR's Statement of Policy on OCIs, which can be found under Compliance and Protections at the following address: https://www.onr.navy.mil/About-ONR/compliance-protections/Organizational-Conflicts-Interest Questions to Offeror to address: The Government is considering consolidation of two requirements into one. Address how this consolidation could harm small businesses? If no harm exists, state as such. Describe your experience supporting programs of similar scale and complexity to the Future Naval Capabilities (FNC), Innovative Naval Prototypes (INP), and ONR Experimentation (OE) programs. Please include specific examples of your role and the outcomes achieved. The labor categories for the Code 011 requirement are highly technical with specific needs to accomplish the mission. Address how your company would source the labor to fill these Full Time Equivalents in the PWS. Address how your firm would price the FTE’s in the PWS. What benefits does your firm have to retain highly technical FTEs? Does your company have a Facility Clearance? If yes, at what level is the business cleared for? Does your firm have prior experience with providing highly technical support? If yes, address the questions below: Magnitude of the contract (overall value and period of performance); Number of FTE’s provided; Type of labor provided (STEM, SETA, etc); How long did those personnel remain on the contract; and, Identify how personnel are replaced should the highly skilled FTE leave, retire, etc. In an event that the replacement personnel have a HIGHER labor rate, identify how that would be handled. Based on your review of the Draft PWS does your business offer any commercial solutions to meeting this requirement? If yes, please respond to the items below: Is the requirement (or a substantially similar capability) currently available as a commercial item or service? If so, please describe the commercial item or service, including its features, capabilities, and intended use. Is the item or service sold, leased, or licensed to the general public or non-governmental entities for purposes other than governmental purposes? Does your company have evidence of commercial sales, leases, or licenses (e.g., price lists, catalogs, brochures, website links, customer testimonials). What percentage of your sales of this item or service are to commercial customers versus government customers? Will your firm be compliant with the following systems at time of solicitation and at time of award: System for Award Management No adverse information on the SAM Excluded Parties Listing No adverse information on the SAM Responsibility Listing VETS 4212 NIST Score Cyber Security Model Levels

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amy Anokye
  - Email: amy.anokye@navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Hickey, Dunia A.
  - Email: dunia.a.hickey.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 5642260984

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the POC named above. Cover Page - Not to Exceed 1 page Name of Organization, Cage Code and Unique Entity ID Number; Address of Organization; Telephone Number, Address, and Email address for the primary point of contact for Capability Statement; Indicate all Small Business Type(s) that you qualify for (e.g., Small Business, Woman-Owned Small Business, Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, 8(a) Certified, HUBZone Certified, Veteran Owned Small Business, and/or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business); and, Name and number of multiple award vehicles under which the PWS scope would fit, i.e. GSA OASIS, Navy Seaport, etc. Contractor Responses to Government Questions – Not To Exceed 10 pages (excludes Cover Page) Contractor Comments/Edits/Recommendations to the Draft PWS and/or Draft CDRLS – Unlimited Planned Strategy ONR plans to award one task order for the requirements under the PWS. At this time, the Government considers this requirement as non commercial. The Government intends to use Navy Seaport as the contractual vehicle unless information is submitted as a result of this market research that changes the strategy. If you do not have a Navy Seaport contract, but you believe you could provide a solution on another Government IDIQ, please include the contract name and number in your response. The Government intends to award a task order on/around 3 Dec 2026 for eight (8) Full Time Equivalents (FTE’s). At the end of the base year, should the Government exercise Option I, an additional three (3) FTE’s will be added. Incumbent Contractors/Award Prices The current contracts, and incumbent contractors, for the work is below. Values and size were determined at time of award. N0017819D7461/ N0001421F3004/Cydecor - $11.1M – 60 Months – Cost Plus Fixed Fee – Large – 3 Dec 2026 (Ultimate End Date) – Eight (8) FTE’s N0017819D7206/ N0001423F3001/Avian - $5.7M – 60 Months – Cost Plus Fixed Fee – Small – Ends 31 Jan 2028 (Ultimate End Date) – Three (3) FTE’s NAICS As noted above, the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code to this potential award will be 541330 with a size standard of $ 25.5M. This is the only NAICS allowed under Navy Seaport. If your company does not have Navy Seaport, but you believe the scope of the work may fit under another multiple award contract, include the information and the appropriate NAICS. PSC The Product Service Code (PSC) applicable to this potential award is R408. Contract Type The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Level of Effort for Labor and Cost Reimbursement (no fee) for Other Direct Cost. ODC’s may include travel and materials. The Government is also considering a cost reimbursable (no fee) CLIN to account for hours spent over 1,920. For this CLIN, no overtime premiums will be paid and the rate submitted via voucher will be the same rate as in the Section B unit price. Security Requirements ONR anticipates a DD 254 will apply to this contract at the SECRET level. Period of Performance The Government plans for an award on/around 3 Dec 2026. The contract period of performance is estimated to be 60 months/5 years. The Government will include FAR 52.217-8 and will evaluate for a 6 month option IAW the clause. Estimated PoP Start End Base Period (Year 1) Thursday, December 3, 2026 Thursday, December 2, 2027 Option I (Year 2) Friday, December 3, 2027 Saturday, December 2, 2028 Option II (Year 3) Sunday, December 3, 2028 Sunday, December 2, 2029 Option III (Year 4) Monday, December 3, 2029 Monday, December 2, 2030 Option IV (Year 5) Wednesday, December 3, 1930 Tuesday, December 2, 2031 Organizational Conflict of Interest ONR has determined that an actual or potential organizational conflict of interest (OCI) exists when a Contractor (including its parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates) performs both systems engineering and technical assistance (SETA) or other support services and Research and Development (R&D) work. Such situations give rise to OCIs or potential OCIs based on impaired objectivity, biased ground rules, and unequal access to information. ONR prefers that companies avoid such situations altogether by choosing to do only one type of work for ONR. See ONR"s Statement of Policy on OCIs, which can be found under Compliance and Protections at the following address: https://www.onr.navy.mil/About-ONR/compliance-protections/Organizational-Conflicts-Interest Questions to Offeror to address: The Government is considering consolidation of two requirements into one. Address how this consolidation could harm small businesses? If no harm exists, state as such. Describe your experience supporting programs of similar scale and complexity to the Future Naval Capabilities (FNC), Innovative Naval Prototypes (INP), and ONR Experimentation (OE) programs. Please include specific examples of your role and the outcomes achieved. The labor categories for the Code 011 requirement are highly technical with specific needs to accomplish the mission. Address how your company would source the labor to fill these Full Time Equivalents in the PWS. Address how your firm would price the FTE’s in the PWS. What benefits does your firm have to retain highly technical FTEs? Does your company have a Facility Clearance? If yes, at what level is the business cleared for? Does your firm have prior experience with providing highly technical support? If yes, address the questions below: Magnitude of the contract (overall value and period of performance); Number of FTE’s provided; Type of labor provided (STEM, SETA, etc); How long did those personnel remain on the contract; and, Identify how personnel are replaced should the highly skilled FTE leave, retire, etc. In an event that the replacement personnel have a HIGHER labor rate, identify how that would be handled. Based on your review of the Draft PWS does your business offer any commercial solutions to meeting this requirement? If yes, please respond to the items below: Is the requirement (or a substantially similar capability) currently available as a commercial item or service? If so, please describe the commercial item or service, including its features, capabilities, and intended use. Is the item or service sold, leased, or licensed to the general public or non-governmental entities for purposes other than governmental purposes? Does your company have evidence of commercial sales, leases, or licenses (e.g., price lists, catalogs, brochures, website links, customer testimonials). What percentage of your sales of this item or service are to commercial customers versus government customers? Will your firm be compliant with the following systems at time of solicitation and at time of award: System for Award Management No adverse information on the SAM Excluded Parties Listing No adverse information on the SAM Responsibility Listing VETS 4212 NIST Score Cyber Security Model Levels

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/71ac08496c7a4a0a80a0a49c13573fb5/view)