---
layout: default
title: INL Colombia Barrier System
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: d1b55d783b184aeaad24fef3dd4f395c
---

# INL Colombia Barrier System

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-10 15:39:53.341-04
- Solicitation Number: 191NLE26I0015

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice: 19INLE26I0015 - INL Colombia Barrier System (PCS: 5680; NAICS: 332312) Background: The main objective of the INL's Rural Security Programs is to stop the flow of illicit narcotics into the United States and to support the efforts of the National of Colombia (CNP) to bring security and the rule of law to rural areas of Colombia. INL Bogotá, Base Security Program is purchasing 1800 LM of MIL-8 Original Hesco Bastion units (180 MIL-8 units), or equivalent, for installation in support of INL programs, as well as to support the security requirements of the Police stations and rural bases of Colombia. This Sources Sought notice is issued for planning market research purposes only, and does not constitute a solicitation for proposals, offers, bids, and/or quotes. This is not an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation, or confirmation that the Government will contract for the items contained in the Sources Sought, nor is any commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract implied. Responses to this notice will assist the Government in identifying potential sources equivalent to the brand name noted, and in determining if a Small Business set-aside of the solicitation is appropriate. Respondents are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Sources Sought. Responses to this notice will not be returned. The following information is requested in this RFI/Sources Sought: 1. Company name, point of contact, phone number, and address; 2. UEI Number and CAGE Code; 3. Interest in nature of participation [e.g., prime contractor, teaming partner, primary subcontractor]; 4. SDVOSB/HUBZONE/8(a)/WOSB or other SBA certification for applicable NAICS; 5. Statement of capabilities with sufficient specification details for the government to determine product meets the requirements (brand name equivalence); 6. Estimated Delivery time - ARO Interested contractors may provide the above information via e-mail to the addresses listed below. Information submitted must be in sufficient detail as to allow for a thorough government review of the firm's interest and capabilities. This information is due no later than Tuesday, March 17, 2026 at 3:00 PM EST. Primary Point of Contact: Michele Coccovizzo Senior Contract Support Specialist CoccovizzoML@state.gov Secondary Point of Contact: Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer TimmonsJ@state.gov Technical Specifications (Brand Name or Equivalent): All equipment must be new and in original packaging. Barriers must be covered by manufacturer’s warranty and procured via a manufacturer approved distribution channel. Sellers must be able to document their ability to provide items through manufacturer approved distribution channel upon request. Qty – 300. PERIMETER BARRRIER WALL SECURITY SYSTEM OF ORGINAL POLAND PLANT MANUFACTURED HESCO BASTION. EACH ORGINAL HESCO BASTION MIL-8 UNIT IS 4'6" H X 4'W X 32'L (1.37M H X 1.22M W X 10M L) - NSN: 5680-99-335-4902. Qty – 5 USED (ONE TRIP) 40' HIGH CUBE SHIPPING CONTAINER Qty 1 SHIPPING Delivery (Shipping and Handling Instructions): For non-US based providers, the provider is responsible for delivery of new, and complete product kits. The equipment, accessories and install kit shall be loaded and delivered in perfect condition, with loading at point of origin and unloading at the delivery site located at San Luis (Tolima) Vía Chicoral - Ibagué kilometer 3, CNP San Luis (Tolima) Escuela de Entrenamiento de la Policia Nacional CENOP.. The contractor must deliver within 90 days of award to: Destination: Any port in Colombia. For US based providers, the provider is responsible for delivery and kit shall be loaded and delivered in perfect condition, with loading at point of origin and delivery to the INL freight forwarder in Miami, Fl (address and POC are below). The contractor must deliver within 90 days of award to: Goldbelt Security, LLC 10800 NW 21st Street, Suite 100 Miami, FL 33172 The Contractor shall properly pack and consolidate the entire shipment to prevent damage, loss and/or misdirection. Upon notification, the contractor shall replace any items lost or damaged during shipment. Partial shipments are not allowed unless approved in writing by the Contracting Officer. The barriers acquired through this contract will be donated to the government of Colombia, Colombian National police. In addition to ensuring that all items are prepared for safe shipment, the contractor shall include all the necessary export approvals, required material data safety sheets, licenses, and paperwork. One copy of the packing list and commercial invoice must accompany the shipment, attached to the outside of the “lead” or number one box/carton/package, or individually attached to the outside of each box/carton/package. The packing list shall include, at a minimum: description, brand name, serial number (if any), and quantities. Warranty: All items covered under warranty for a minimum of 5-years from date of acceptance, or standard commercial warranty, whichever is longer. To facilitate expeditious return of warranty items and to avoid delays in the warranty process, the offeror shall provide within 15 days of notification of a warranty action the required information to facilitate shipping of warranty items to manufacturer. This includes, but is not limited to, information to ensure full compliance with ITAR regulations and no delay in providing the Reference RA# and a shipping address. Customs Clearance and Tax Exemptions: If applicable, the U.S. Government will assist the Contractor in obtaining customs clearance in Colombia and tax exemption certificates from the Government of Colombia in accordance with the packing, marking, and submission of documents as instructed herein. Export License: The Contractor shall comply with Sections 38-40 of the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) (22 U.S.C. 2778-2780) and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) (22 CFR Parts 120-130) as required, for the prosecution of work under this contract at no additional cost to the Government. Failure to be in compliance with AECA and ITAR by date planned for commencement of contract performance as well as during the entire performance of work under this contract may result in contract termination. Any penalties rendered to the Contractor, as a direct result of being found non-compliance with AECA and ITAR will be the responsibility of the Contractor. The contractor is responsible for producing all required paperwork and obtaining all required Export Licenses. For additional information on AECA and ITAR, see http://www.pmddtc.state.gov/.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michele Coccovizzo
  - Email: coccovizzoML@state.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jamillah Timmons
  - Email: timmonsj@state.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d1b55d783b184aeaad24fef3dd4f395c/view)