---
layout: default
title: MEDICAL GAS SERVICES FOR PINE RIDGE IHS HOSPITAL
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2e28a6d0a7e14392951d3bbc5b63cc57
---

# MEDICAL GAS SERVICES FOR PINE RIDGE IHS HOSPITAL

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 12:05:09.848-04
- Solicitation Number: IHS1522623

## Summary

Sources Sought: Medical Gas Services for the Pine Ridge Indian Health Service (IHS) Hospital Sources Sought Notice Number: IHS1522623 This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation, an obligation or commitment by the Indian Health Service. This notice is intended strictly for market research to determine the availability of Indian Economic Enterprise (IEE). Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. The anticipated applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 325120- Industrial Gas Manufacturing. 1. BACKGROUND The Pine Ridge Indian Health Service Hospital is a 150,000 square foot hospital which requires contracted medical gas services. 2. OBJECTIVE The primary objective of this project is to establish a supply of bulk medical gases for a one thousand five hundred (1,500) gallon bulk oxygen system and bulk oxygen gas to the Pine Ridge IHS Hospital. The hospital uses approximately one million cubic feet of bulk oxygen per year. The Pine Ridge Hospital also uses gas cylinders on mobile equipment in areas not connected to the piped gas system. The quantity and size of bottles vary, but all are used to support patient care. There are two gas cylinder storage rooms located on the hospital loading dock, one for full cylinders, and one for empty cylinders. 3. CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS/ AND PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS Contractor shall be licensed, have appropriate insurance, pay applicable taxes and follow the most recent edition of the applicable National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) standards for healthcare to provide the hospital with a one thousand five hundred (1,500) gallon bulk oxygen supply system and bulk oxygen gas. 4. TYPE OF ORDER The Government anticipates a commercial acquisition; contract type has not yet been determined and will be informed by market research results. 5. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of Performance: One (1) year base period plus four (4) one (1) year option periods 6. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE 607 Indian Health Rd, Pine Ridge, SD

7.0 Capability Statement/Information: Interested parties are requested to submit a capability statement for market research purposes only, in accordance with FAR Part 10 and the FAR Revolutionary Overhaul (RFO) emphasis on commercial-first acquisition strategies. Responses shall address the following areas to assist the Government in assessing the availability of commercially available medical gas services: 1. Commercial Capability Overview Describe your company’s commercially available medical gas services. 2. Alignment with Government Objectives Provide a high-level description of how your commercial service could support the objectives described in this Sources Sought Notice. A draft Statement of Work (SOW) is provided for reference only to illustrate the Government’s anticipated operational environment and scope; respondents are not required to meet all draft SOW elements at this stage. 3. Relevant Experience Describe recent and relevant experience providing similar commercial services to Federal, Tribal, State, or private healthcare organizations. 4. Security and Compliance Identify applicable industry standards, certifications, or compliance frameworks supported by your commercial service. 5. Small Business Status Provide business size and socioeconomic status (e.g., ISBEE, IEE, Small Business, 8(a), HUBZone), along with your UEI, organization name, address, and point of contact. The anticipated NAICS code for this requirement is 325120- Industrial Gas Manufacturing. 6. Commercial Pricing Models (High-Level) Describe typical commercial pricing structures used for similar services, without providing pricing quotes. 7. Additional Information Provide any additional information that may assist the Government in refining its acquisition strategy or determining whether a competitive set-aside or other RFO-aligned commercial approach is appropriate. Submission Format: Capability statements shall not exceed 10 single-sided pages, single-spaced, minimum 12-point font, submitted in Microsoft Word or PDF format. 8. Closing Statement Point of Contact: Mary Sarenana, Purchasing Agent, at mary.sarenana@ihs.gov Submission Instructions: Interested parties shall submit capability via email to mary.sarenana@ihs.gov. Must include Sources Sought Number IHS1522623 in the Subject line. The due date for receipt of statements is April 17, 2026, 12:00 p.m. Mountain Standard Time. All responses must be received by the specified due date and time in order to be considered. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of IHS. IHS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses nor otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted. As a result of this notice, IHS may issue a Request for Quote (RFQ). THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. However, should such a requirement materialize, no basis for claims against IHS shall arise as a result of a response to this notice or IHS’s use of such information as either part of our evaluation process or in developing specifications for any subsequent requirement. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mary Baird
  - Email: mary.baird@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6058673379

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2e28a6d0a7e14392951d3bbc5b63cc57/view)