---
layout: default
title: 6910-- Education AV Simulation lab
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 10f593be7e634e50b7580dcc0635f90d
---

# 6910-- Education AV Simulation lab

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 10:48:52.284-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0716
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTE, PROPOSAL, OR BID. This notice is not a solicitation as defined by FAR 2.101, therefore it shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter into a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to an acquisition approach. All information contained in this RFI is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. Information submitted in response to this notice is voluntary; the Government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the Government. The Government is requesting that restrictive or proprietary markings not be used in response to this notice. If a solicitation is released, it is will be synopsized in the Federal Business Opportunities (FedBizOpps) website or GSA. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this RFI. The anticipated Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard for the North American Classification code (NAICS) 339113 is 800 employees. 1. Purpose: NCO 16 hereby issues the following Sources Sought Notice as a Request for Information (RFI). This RFI is being used for Market Research purposes only to seek contractors with the capability to provide the Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS) with all labor, tools materials, supplies, equipment, cabling, licensing, personnel, supervision and transportation required to has a requirement of updating the audio visual (AV) simulation lab technology equipment to support educating medical staff. 2. Place of Performance: Eugene J. Towbin Healthcare Center 2200 Fort Roots Drive North Little Rock, AR 72114 3. Opportunity: NCO 16 is seeking information from potential contractors on their ability to provide this service. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business Concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this RFI to assist NCO 16 in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry. NOTE: All Questions and information shall be answered and provided in Sections 4 through 7 for the government to consider whether the contractor has the capability to meet the government requirement. 4. Responses Requested: NCO 16 requires the following questions answered in this RFI: Answers that are not provided shall be considered non-responsive to the Request for Information. a. Is the Contractor licensed/certified to provide High-Speed Internet Services and any updates as required? Contractor shall attach documentation of their licensing/certification to be viewed by the government to be considered as part of the Market Research and responsiveness to this Sources Sought notice. b. Are contractor personnel/technicians certified/licensed to install required hardware to upgrade requirements? Contractor shall attach documentation of this accreditation/certification to be viewed by the government to be considered as part of the Market Research and responsiveness to this Sources Sought notice. c. Prospective contractors shall provide their point(s) of contact name, address, telephone number, and email address. In addition, contractors shall provide the company's business size, and Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number. d. Is your company a small business (SDVOSB, VOSB), SDBs, HUBZone, or 8A concern? NAICS Code: 339113, PSC Code: 6910: Training Aids Please provide proof of qualifications. e. Is your company available under any Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC), General Services Administration Schedules (GSA), Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), and/or Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA)? If so, please list the contract number and a brief summary of the products and services provided. f. What is the estimated market pricing for services of this magnitude? Please provide an estimated pricing guide/structure for review purposes to aid in accurately forecasting requirements. 5. Capability Statement: Provide your capability statement to demonstrate your company s understanding and ability to perform High-Speed Internet Services in accordance with the attached Performance Work Statement. 6. Relevant Experience: Please provide Government or Commercial agency relevant experience within the last three (3) years. Information shall include: Contract Number Name/Point of Contact (POC) POC phone number POC email address Brief description of how the contract referenced at 6(a) relates to the technical capability within the Telecommunications/Internet industry. 7. Subcontracting: If subcontracting, provide subcontractor s business name, address, phone number, and DUNS. Identify specific task(s) to be performed by the subcontractor and percentage of effort as the prime contractor. Contractor shall possess the capability to provide all requirements and objectives. 8. Instructions and Response Guidelines: RFI responses are due by 3PM (CST) on Monday, May 04, 2026; size is limited to 8.5 x 11 inches, 12-point font, with 1-inch margins in Microsoft Word format via email to joseph.warren@va.gov All Questions shall be submitted by 10:00am (CST) on Wednesday, April 29, 2026 via email to joseph.warren@va.gov. Telephone requests or inquires will not be accepted. The subject line shall read: 36C25626Q0716 Education AV Simulation lab NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 4(a) - 4(f). All Questions shall be answered to be considered as part of the Market Research for capable contractors to meet the government requirements. Please provide additional information you deem relevant in order to respond to the specific inquiries of the RFI. Information provided will be used solely by NCO 16 as "market research" and will not be released outside of the NCO 16 Purchasing and Contract Team. 11. Contact Information: Contracting Officer, Joseph Warren Email address: joseph.warren@va.gov Your responses to this notice is appreciated. DRAFT Statement of Work (SOW) Education AV Simulation Lab Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system (CAVHS) Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Date: 2/26/2026 OVERVIEW The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 16, Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System located at 2200 Fort Roots Drive bldg. 103 NLR , has a requirement of updating the audio visual (AV) simulation lab technology equipment to support educating medical staff. The Education Service nursing instructors use the simulation lab to teach and provide practice in developing proficiency in patient care skills by experiencing in-hospital patient scenarios. The system must comply with VA regulations, including security, accessibility, and operational efficiency standards. The system requires SimCapture Software and Training (laptop, two cameras, mounts and cable adapters in lightweight briefcase). SimCapture Pro On-Premise Implentation, includes software set up and educational services for all SimCapture Form factors quoted. Delivery to: Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System: 2200 Fort Roots Drive, Bldg. 182, North Little Rock, AR 72112 Install System to: 2200 Fort Roots Drive, bldg. 103 Ground floor Sim lab (three separate rooms) B20-A and B20-D are the classrooms, B20-C is the Simlab control room. Background The Education service simulation lab has not been utilized in the last several years due to many of the system functions does not work and are outdated. We need the updated software which will replace some of the equipment. EQUIPMENT LOCATION The equipment to be covered under this contract is located in Bldg 103, Ground floor rooms B20-A and B20-D classrooms, B20-C control room TERM OF THE AGREEMENT Vendor shall install within 90 days after award of contract. EQUIPMENT and INSTALLATION SIM LAB RM B20-A Installation 227-52150 Studio Audio Package 1) Overhead Microphone, (1) PoEAudio Module 227-53450 IP Paging Speaker (1) IP paging speaker installation 227-56550 HDMI to IP Encoder Pkg This package includes installation of HDMI Video Encoder and cables/adapters to turn a video output of a device or computer to stream over IP to SimCapture. 227-56250 Small PTZ Camera Package This package includes the installation of: (1) Pan/Tilt/Zoom (PTZ) 720P IP Camera. SIM LAB RM B20-D Installation 227-52150 Studio Audio Package 1) Overhead Microphone, (1) PoEAudio Module 227-53450 IP Paging Speaker (1) IP paging speaker installation 227-56550 HDMI to IP Encoder Pkg This package includes installation of HDMI Video Encoder and cables/adapters to turn a video output of a device or computer to stream over IP to SimCapture. 227-56250 Small PTZ Camera Package This package includes the installation of: (1) Pan/Tilt/Zoom (PTZ) 720P IP Camera. AV CONTROL ROOM B20-C 227-20150 Software Paging License This site-wide license includes implementation of 2-way paging software on Customer Furnished PCs 227-53350 Software Paging USB Headset EDUCATION/ TRAINING SimCapture Software and Training 227-SWUPRO SimCapture Pro-Premise Software (3 quantity) 227-05050 SimCapture Node (2 quantity) 227-01001 SimCapture On -Premise Ultraportable Includes- Laptop, 2 cameras, mounts and cable adapters in a compact lightweight briefcase 227-20250 SImCapture Pro Control Server 2 TB 227-B-85050 SimCapture Pro On-Premise Implementation Includes Software set up and Educational Services for all SimCapture Form Factors quoted 227-83050 SimCapture Pro On Premise Installation ( 3 quantity) Includes Includes installation of Node endpoints, configuration of networked SimCapture devices, integration with installed audio and video components, LLEAP integration, integration with alocal central server, end to end system testing, and control room demonstration. 227-VT1015SC-P Utilizing SimCapture Pro On-Promise Admin Set up This 2-hour course is on theunderstanding of Configuration, Users and Security, and Recording and Sessions that are available to an organization. This course is intended for System Administrators or those responsible for system set-up and administration 227-ED51400SC-P Teaching with SimCapture Pro On Premise Teaching with SimCapture focuses on areas of evaluations, learners management, and debriefing. The Course will discuss and demonstrate best practice standards, showing how SimCapture can be a solution to solve the participants program needs. CONTRACTOR POINT OF CONTACT (POC) The contractor shall designate one point of contact for coordination of supplies, deliveries, and maintenance with agency customer. The POC shall be empowered to make daily decisions to ensure that the order implementation and day-to-day operation meets the terms and conditions of this contract. QUALIFICATION OF PERSONNEL The contractor shall have qualified management, service technicians and delivery personnel in sufficient numbers to service and support the requirements under the specified response times. Failure to maintain sufficient qualified personnel to meet the required response times may result in termination for default. All contractors are responsible for following all applicable Rules and Behavior for Contractors including but not limited to: Being escorted while on VA property. Wearing clearly visible ID and/or contractor badge provided by the facility. Not connecting their laptops or equipment on the VA Network. Not connecting their laptop to a MFD without first disconnecting the MFD from the VA network. Deliverables Training sessions and user manuals

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph Warren
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: joseph.warren@va.gov
  - Phone: 479-444-5011

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/10f593be7e634e50b7580dcc0635f90d/view)