---
layout: default
title: 3rd Generation (3G) Environmental Sample Processor (ESP) Surface Plasmon Resonance (SPR) Integration and Support Services
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: edb188da83d7485ab913baa00e1ebdae
---

# 3rd Generation (3G) Environmental Sample Processor (ESP) Surface Plasmon Resonance (SPR) Integration and Support Services

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 16:31:15.13-04
- Solicitation Number: REQUIREMENTS-25-3806

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE 3rd Generation (3G) Environmental Sample Processor (ESP) Surface Plasmon Resonance (SPR) Integration and Support Services REQUIREMENTS-25-3806 This Sources Sought Notice is for market research purposes only and does not constitute a Request for Proposal or Quotation. It is not considered to be a commitment by the Government to award a contract nor will the Government pay for any information provided; no basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result from a response to this Sources Sought Notice or Government use of any information provided. Pursuant to FAR Part 10 (Market Research), the purpose of this notice is to: Determine if sources capable of satisfying the agency's requirements exist. Determine whether the acquisition should utilize any of the small business programs in accordance with FAR Part 19. Pursuant to FAR Part 6 and FAR Part 19, competition and set-aside decisions may be based on the results of this market research. This notice in no way obligates the Government to any further action. Requirement: This notice is issued by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Western Acquisition Division (WAD) and Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory (GLERL) to identify sources capable of providing the following: The use and assistance in deploying, embedding into an uncrewed surface vehicle (USV), and calibration of a 3G ESP with an SPR analytical module, which is designed to collect both eDNA samples and determine phycotoxin concentrations in situ. The project includes assessing the USV capability to conduct event-based response deployments, monitoring harmful algal blooms, understanding phytoplankton community dynamics, and assisting with public health associated with phycotoxins in Great Lakes and Alaska. See Attachment 1 – Draft Performance Work Statement for further details on this requirement. Anticipated Contract Type: A firm-fixed price purchase order is anticipated for award. Anticipated Contract Length: The anticipated length of the purchase order is three years, consisting of one base year and two option years. NAICS Code/Size Standard: The applicable NAICS Code is 541690, Other Scientific and Technical Consulting Services, and the size standard is $19.0M. Submission of Information: Companies having capabilities necessary to meet or exceed the stated requirements are invited to provide information to contribute to this market survey/sources sought notice through either option below. Responses shall be received no later than March 25, 2026 at 10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time. Option 1: Companies may respond to this Sources Sought Notice by using the Google Portal Link below. https://forms.gle/hi9H8oUb4wSukRbCA Option 2: Companies may respond to this Sources Sought Notice by emailing the Contract Specialist at anthony.eubanks@noaa.gov and the Contracting Officer at remo.dela-cruz@noaa.gov. Please provide the following information/documentation: Name of Company, Address and Unique Entity ID. Point of Contact and Phone Number. Business Size applicable to the NAICS Code. Subcontracting: In your estimation, how much (in percent) of this potential requirement would your company need to subcontract to other companies? Statement for Quote Submission: Confirmation that your company anticipates submitting a quote as a prime contractor if a solicitation is issued as a result of this Sources Sought Notice. Brief statement on how your company will perform the work. Relevant Requirement Experience: Evidence of experience in work similar in type and scope to include contract numbers, project titles, points of contact and telephone numbers. Confirm your company’s capacity to perform the required work included in Attachment 1 – Draft Performance Work Statement. GSA: Is your company currently a General Services Administration (GSA), Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) holder? Provide relevant GSA contract information applicable to this requirement. GWAC: If your company is currently a Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC) holder, provide relevant contract information applicable to this requirement. Further Comments If you have any further comments you would like to provide, please do so. Interested parties: Need to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Failure to submit sufficient detailed information may result in considering a company as not a viable source and may influence competition and set-aside decisions. Regardless of the information obtained from this Sources Sought Notice, the Government reserves the right to consider any arrangement as deemed appropriate for this requirement. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response to this Sources Sought Notice. The Government reserves the right to use any information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate, including using technical information provided by respondents in any resultant solicitation. After a review of the responses received from this notice, a pre-solicitation notice and solicitation may be published on the Governmentwide Point of Entry (GPE). It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor the GPE for release of any future solicitation that may result from this Sources Sought Notice. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice will not be considered adequate responses to any resultant solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Anthony Eubanks
  - Email: anthony.eubanks@noaa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Remo Dela Cruz
  - Email: remo.dela-cruz@noaa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Draft Performance Work Statement for further details on this requirement. Anticipated Contract Type: A firm-fixed price purchase order is anticipated for award. Anticipated Contract Length: The anticipated length of the purchase order is three years, consisting of one base year and two option years. NAICS Code/Size Standard: The applicable NAICS Code is 541690, Other Scientific and Technical Consulting Services, and the size standard is $19.0M. Submission of Information: Companies having capabilities necessary to meet or exceed the stated requirements are invited to provide information to contribute to this market survey/sources sought notice through either option below. Responses shall be received no later than March 25, 2026 at 10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time. Option 1: Companies may respond to this Sources Sought Notice by using the Google Portal Link below. https://forms.gle/hi9H8oUb4wSukRbCA Option 2: Companies may respond to this Sources Sought Notice by emailing the Contract Specialist at anthony.eubanks@noaa.gov and the Contracting Officer at remo.dela-cruz@noaa.gov. Please provide the following information/documentation: Name of Company, Address and Unique Entity ID. Point of Contact and Phone Number. Business Size applicable to the NAICS Code. Subcontracting: In your estimation, how much (in percent) of this potential requirement would your company need to subcontract to other companies? Statement for Quote Submission: Confirmation that your company anticipates submitting a quote as a prime contractor if a solicitation is issued as a result of this Sources Sought Notice. Brief statement on how your company will perform the work. Relevant Requirement Experience: Evidence of experience in work similar in type and scope to include contract numbers, project titles, points of contact and telephone numbers. Confirm your company’s capacity to perform the required work included in Attachment 1 – Draft Performance Work Statement. GSA: Is your company currently a General Services Administration (GSA), Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) holder? Provide relevant GSA contract information applicable to this requirement. GWAC: If your company is currently a Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC) holder, provide relevant contract information applicable to this requirement. Further Comments If you have any further comments you would like to provide, please do so. Interested parties: Need to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Failure to submit sufficient detailed information may result in considering a company as not a viable source and may influence competition and set-aside decisions. Regardless of the information obtained from this Sources Sought Notice, the Government reserves the right to consider any arrangement as deemed appropriate for this requirement. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response to this Sources Sought Notice. The Government reserves the right to use any information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate, including using technical information provided by respondents in any resultant solicitation. After a review of the responses received from this notice, a pre-solicitation notice and solicitation may be published on the Governmentwide Point of Entry (GPE). It is the potential offeror"s responsibility to monitor the GPE for release of any future solicitation that may result from this Sources Sought Notice. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice will not be considered adequate responses to any resultant solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/edb188da83d7485ab913baa00e1ebdae/view)