---
layout: default
title: Purchase of Various Honeywell Spares for HC-130J Fleet Stand Up
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3020bd9453bd48f49f798dd8dc82e862
---

# Purchase of Various Honeywell Spares for HC-130J Fleet Stand Up

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 13:44:35.878-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z03826IH0000023

## Summary

PURPOSE: This is a Sources Sought Notice only and does not constitute a solicitation announcement. This is not a request for proposals or a quote and in no way obligates the Government to award any contract. This Sources Sought Notice is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. This is not a solicitation announcement for quotes/proposals. This Sources Sought Notice has been issued to survey the market and assist the United States Coast Guard (USCG) in determining possible sources for consideration. All firms responding to this Sources Sought Notice are advised that their response to this notice is not a request to be considered for a contract award. REQUEST: The USCG is conducting market research to seek sources that have the capability to provide factory new parts for various Honeywell spares to be used on HC-130J aircraft. The parts and quantities are provided via “Attachment 1 – List of Components – 70Z03826IH0000023”. The sources listed in “Attachment 1 – List of Components – 70Z03826IH0000023” have been identified and accepted as an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) of the components. All data for these parts are proprietary to the identified OEMs. The USCG does not own, nor can it provide specifications, plans, drawings, or other technical data. RESPONSES: Responses to this notice should include company name, address, telephone number, cage code, and point of contact (POC). Please respond to the following questions: Verify whether you are the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), or an authorized distributor of the OEM, for the components provided via “Attachment 1 – List of Components – 70Z03826IH0000023” Technical Specifications SHALL be included with response. Please indicate if there are any quantity discounts. What is an estimated lead time? What are acceptable payment terms (e.g. Net 30, Credit Card)? Is your business a large or small business and how many employees? What North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code does your company use for this type of service? If small, does your firm qualify as a small, emergent business, or a small, disadvantaged business? If disadvantaged, specify under which disadvantaged group and is your firm certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act? Is your firm a certified Hub Zone firm? Is your firm a Woman-Owned or operated business? Is your firm a certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned? Is your product listed on a General Services Administration (GSA) schedule? Do you have other government agencies using the product, and if so which agencies, POCs and contract numbers? If possible, provide POCs for civilian users for general usage of product questions. What type of contract (e.g. firm-fixed price, cost-reimbursement, etc.) have you been issued before for this type of work? Do you recommend one type or perhaps a hybrid (i.e. a contract that allows several types)? Provide any general comments, thoughts, and feedback your company would like to share regarding this Sources Sought Notice. Please be advised that the USCG will acknowledge receipt of the information received and may provide feedback to respondents with respect to the information submitted. After the review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice, and if the USCG still plans to proceed with the acquisition, a solicitation announcement will be published on the SAM.gov website. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice are not adequate responses to any future solicitation announcement. If the USCG proceeds with the acquisition, all interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation once posted to SAM.gov. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice are NOT a request to be added to a prospective offerors list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: Closing date and time for receipt of response is 30 April 2026 @ 12:00pm EDT. E-mail responses are preferred and may be sent to Kiley.E.Brown2@uscg.mil and D05-SMB-LRS-Procurement@uscg.mil. Please indicate 70Z03826IH0000023 in the subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kiley Brown
  - Email: Kiley.E.Brown2@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: D05-SMB-LRS-Procurement@uscg.mil
  - Email: D05-SMB-LRS-Procurement@uscg.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – List of Components – 70Z03826IH0000023”. The sources listed in “Attachment 1 – List of Components – 70Z03826IH0000023” have been identified and accepted as an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) of the components. All data for these parts are proprietary to the identified OEMs. The USCG does not own, nor can it provide specifications, plans, drawings, or other technical data. RESPONSES: Responses to this notice should include company name, address, telephone number, cage code, and point of contact (POC). Please respond to the following questions: Verify whether you are the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), or an authorized distributor of the OEM, for the components provided via “Attachment 1 – List of Components – 70Z03826IH0000023” Technical Specifications SHALL be included with response. Please indicate if there are any quantity discounts. What is an estimated lead time? What are acceptable payment terms (e.g. Net 30, Credit Card)? Is your business a large or small business and how many employees? What North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code does your company use for this type of service? If small, does your firm qualify as a small, emergent business, or a small, disadvantaged business? If disadvantaged, specify under which disadvantaged group and is your firm certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act? Is your firm a certified Hub Zone firm? Is your firm a Woman-Owned or operated business? Is your firm a certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned? Is your product listed on a General Services Administration (GSA) schedule? Do you have other government agencies using the product, and if so which agencies, POCs and contract numbers? If possible, provide POCs for civilian users for general usage of product questions. What type of contract (e.g. firm-fixed price, cost-reimbursement, etc.) have you been issued before for this type of work? Do you recommend one type or perhaps a hybrid (i.e. a contract that allows several types)? Provide any general comments, thoughts, and feedback your company would like to share regarding this Sources Sought Notice. Please be advised that the USCG will acknowledge receipt of the information received and may provide feedback to respondents with respect to the information submitted. After the review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice, and if the USCG still plans to proceed with the acquisition, a solicitation announcement will be published on the SAM.gov website. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice are not adequate responses to any future solicitation announcement. If the USCG proceeds with the acquisition, all interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation once posted to SAM.gov. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice are NOT a request to be added to a prospective offerors list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: Closing date and time for receipt of response is 30 April 2026 @ 12:00pm EDT. E-mail responses are preferred and may be sent to Kiley.E.Brown2@uscg.mil and D05-SMB-LRS-Procurement@uscg.mil. Please indicate 70Z03826IH0000023 in the subject line

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3020bd9453bd48f49f798dd8dc82e862/view)