---
layout: default
title: 6515--Consolidated Patient Ceiling Lift
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 006f61e901304ec58b56ac4aa61e1a60
---

# 6515--Consolidated Patient Ceiling Lift

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 13:10:44.793-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24626R0053
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 6, on behalf of VA Mid-Atlantic Healthcare System Network (VISN 6) is conducting this Sources Sought to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Small Business Manufacturers, and other Small Businesses, as well as any large business interested and capable of providing and installing ceiling lifts and associated equipment. Anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 339113. Responses to this Sources Sought notice will assist in determining the appropriate market strategy. The Contractor shall provide installation of all new and removal/de-installation of all lift system equipment including but not limited to; slings, lift devices, rails, support material, bracing and all other associated components required for complete, functional installation for ceiling lift systems. shall be implemented, and installation must be conducted without impacting patient care. Below is a list of salient characteristics for the ceiling lift system (not all inclusive) Ceiling Lift Performance Requirements: Ceiling Lifts shall meet all Underwriters Laboratory requirements, life safety codes, national electric codes, fire safety codes, and all other applicable federal, state, and local codes. Appropriate documentation should be provided. The Ceiling Track shall be made from high strength extruded aluminum or VA approved equal. Provide anchor supports at ceiling substrate. Installed rail shall be security tested for 1.5 times greater than the motor s weight capacity and maximum allowable deflection of a horizontal rail is no more than 1mm (1/16th inch) per 200mm (7.87 inch) of track length. (As per ISO 10535 standards.) Ceiling Lifts, straps, and slings shall comply with ISO 10535 (Hoists for the transfer of disabled persons Requirements and test methods). Ceiling lifts must include a 2-point hanger bar, suitable and allowable for use with the full range of loop-based slings, with 2 hooks facing different directions on each end of the bar and without easily breakable parts such as rubber flaps. Lifts must be capable of picking patients up off the floor. The lifts are equipped with a current limiter for circuit protection in case of overload. Lift must have an integrated patient scale with accuracy that meets or exceeds +/- 0.5% at max load that does not decrease the lifting height. The lift hand control must be attached to the lift in a way that allows it not to be lost. Lifts must not beep or flash during normal operation. Lifts must be able to lift a full-capacity load at least 21 times on a full, new battery charge. Ceiling lift motors shall be capable of lifting at least 600 or more pounds, as determined through the site walkthrough. Maintenance and inspection shall be provided for three years from date of final acceptance. New lifts shall accept generic type replacement batteries without voiding any warranties. Motors shall be GFCI protected. Ceiling lifts vertical motion must be motorized. Ceiling lifts must recharge automatically, by recharging at any location on the rail without employee action. Ceiling lifts must include safeguards to prevent patients from being trapped or hurt, such as emergency stop buttons and emergency lowering devices in case of power failure. Use of emergency lowering devices must not require tools or ladders. Have the capability for displaying data in the hand controller that provides the time of lift, amount of weight of the lift, duration of lift total lift count, total hours, last/next service plus visual alerts for preventative maintenance inspections. Motors and railing must have a min of 10-year average life span. Facility Location Address Asheville VA Medical Center 1100 Tunnel Rd Asheville, NC 28805 Franklin VA Clinic 647 Wayah Street Franklin, NC 28734 Hickory VA Clinic 2440 Century Place Southeast Hickory, NC 28602 Master Sergeant Jerry K. Crump 2270 College Avenue Suite 145 Forest City, NC 28043 VA Clinic Durham VA Medical Center 508 Fulton St Durham, NC 27705 Greenville VA Healthcare Center 401 Moye Boulevard Greenville, NC 27834 Fayetteville VA Medical Center 2300 Ramsey Street Fayetteville, NC 28301 Fayetteville VA Health Care Center 7300 South Raeford Road Fayetteville, NC 28304 Richmond VA Medical Center 1201 Broad Rock Boulevard Richmond, VA 23249 Salem VA Medical Center 1970 Roanoke Blvd Salem, VA 24153 W.G. (Bill) Hefner Salisbury VA 1601 Brenner Avenue Salisbury, NC 28144 Medical Center Charlotte VA Healthcare Center 3506 West Tyvola Road Charlotte, NC 28208 As permitted by RFO Part 10, this is a market research tool being utilized for informational and planning purposes. Your responses will assist the Government in developing its acquisition strategy for a possible Request for proposal (RFP), to be issued at a future date, and in determining if any type of small business set-aside is possible for this procurement and if full and open competitive procedures should be utilized. This notice shall not be construed as an RFP or as any commitment or obligation on the part of the Government to issue a solicitation. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this request, so quotes will not be considered. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this synopsis or with any follow-up information requests. Response is strictly voluntary - it is not mandatory to submit a response to this notice to participate in any formal RFP process that may take place in the future. However, it should be noted that information gathered through this notice may significantly influence VA s acquisition strategy for this procurement. All interested parties will be required to respond separately to any solicitations posted from this Sources Sought notice. Submission Instructions: Responses via email are due no later than 10:00am EST Apri 20, 2026, to Gordon.burns@va.gov , and must include the information requested below. Responses greater than 10 double-sided pages (including all attachments) will not be considered. Late responses will not be accepted. This Sources Sought notice is strictly for market research purposes, and the Government will not entertain any questions. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. We appreciate your interest and thank you in advance for responding to the Sources Sought notice. Qualified firms shall submit the following: A statement of interest on company letterhead demonstrating the firm s qualifications to perform the defined work. Responses must be complete and sufficiently detailed to address the specific information. The documentation shall address, at a minimum, the following: Business Name and Address: Business SAM UEI Number: POC Name, email address and contact number: Business size and Socioeconomic Category: Please indicate whether you are a Small Business, SDVOSB, VOSB, Small Business Manufacturer, Other Small Business, or Large Business, and whether you are the manufacturer of the items listed below Ability to meet the Governments requirements: Government is willing to review all responses from vendors proposing equipment equal to the above-mentioned equipment. Please provide any product information / capability statements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gordon E Burns
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Gordon.Burns@va.gov
  - Phone: 757-251-4333

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/006f61e901304ec58b56ac4aa61e1a60/view)