---
layout: default
title: J041-- HVAC Repair
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9d3859ec7857424e9a645c8cc8fe873f
---

# J041-- HVAC Repair

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 16:50:20.296-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0581
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS: The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office (NCO) 16 at Alexandria VA Healthcare System, 2495 Shreveport Highway, Pineville, hereby issues this sources sought synopsis to Request Information (RFI) with the intent of determining the contractor interest, capabilities, qualifications of potential businesses to support to support a requirement for HVAC repair services at the Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS) North Little Rock, AR located at 2200 Fort Roots Drive, North Little Rock, AR 72114. Contractor shall provide all certifications, tools, shipping, delivery, personnel, labor, materials, transportation, required for demolition, removal of old equipment, installation of new equipment, modifications to existing piping, to deliver and install the necessary equipment for repairing Building 159 HVAC through Replacement of Coils, VFD, Controls Wiring, and Installation of Damper Assemblies AHU-1, AHU-2, AHU-3, AHU-4. (See draft Statement of Work). This Sources Sought will be used to determine if a set-aside for any small business program is appropriate. Government anticipates competitive, firm fixed price contract. Please review this announcement and respond to questions below as well as provide contractors capabilities, copies of certification, license, and personnel to the repair of the HVAC. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is 238220 - Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. Government request that interested offerors complete all questions below, provide required documentation, descriptive literature, license, and certification for HVA repair service for the state of Arkansas. The Government is in no way obligated to do business with or to enter into any form of contract with any person, firm or other entity that receives or responds to this announcement. Objective: To find qualified and certified contractors with the capability to provide all certifications, tools, shipping, delivery, personnel, labor, materials, transportation, required for demolition, removal of old equipment, installation of new equipment, modifications to existing piping, to deliver and install the necessary equipment for repairing the HVAC for the CAVHS. Place of Performance: 2200 Fort Roots Drive. North Little Rock, AR 72114 Responses Requested: The NCO 16 requires all the following information and questions answered in this RFI/SS: Questions and information that is not provided shall be considered nonresponsive to the Request for Information and contractor shall not be considered as part of the market research. a. Contractors shall provide their point(s) of contact name, address, telephone number, and email address; and the company's business size, and SAM Unique Entity Identification Number. b. Is your company a small business, SDBs, HUBZone, or 8A concern? Please provide proof of qualifications. c. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code: 238220? d. What HVAC are you an authorized distributor/reseller? Provide evidence from original equipment manufacturer (OEM). e. Do you (contractor) possess the necessary license and/or certification for the state of Arkansas to perform HVAC repair service. f. How Many years experiences do your company possess in repair HVACs? g. How many years experiences do you personnel possess in repairing HVACs? h. What percentage of the contracted services will your company complete as the prime contractor? ______________% i. What percentage of the contracted services will your company subcontract? ______________% j. Provide in your capability statement a list of active contracts for commercial, federal, state, and local governments similar to this HVAC requirement. Listed Contracts shall provide communication on the government requirement illustrating the capability for comparison. k. For the services required, Is your company available under any; Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC) General Services Administration Schedules (GSA) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) If so, please list the contract number for name brand or equal product. Opportunity: The NCO 16, is seeking information from potential contractors on their ability to provide this service. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT FOR REQUEST INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business Concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this Sources Sought in order to assist the NCO 16 in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry. Contractor shall possess the capability to provide all requirements and objectives. Instructions and Response Guidelines: Sources Sought responses are due by April 6, 2026 at 1:00 pm (CST) via email to arlene.blade@va.gov . Telephone requests or inquires will not be accepted. Public Information will not be provided and shall be utilized to the full extent possible. This is a New Requirement. The subject line shall read: 36C25624Q0910 - RFI-Sources Sought- CAVHS HVAC REPAIR SERVICE. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 5(a) - 5(k). Please provide the information you deem relevant in order to respond to the specific inquiries of the Sources Sought. Information provided will be used solely by NCO 16 as "market research" and will not be released outside of the NCO 16 Purchasing and Contract Team. This Sources Sought notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Quotation (RFQ), and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter into a contract, nor will the Government pay for the information submitted in response to this request. All information contained in this Sources Sought is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on Contracting Opportunities (https://beta.sam.gov/) website or GSA. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this Sources Sought, or future RFP/RFQ. 8. Contact Information: Contract Officer, Arlene A. Blade Email address: arlene.blade@va.gov Your responses to this notice are appreciated. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES/PROPOSALS; however, any firm that believes it can meet the requirements may provide answers, responses and give written notification prior to the response due date and time. Supporting evidence and responses must be furnished in enough detail to demonstrate the ability to perform the requirements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Arlene A. Blade
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: arlene.blade@va.gov
  - Phone: (318) 466-4281

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9d3859ec7857424e9a645c8cc8fe873f/view)