---
layout: default
title: RFI Las Vegas, Nevada and Surrounding Region
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 855482047ddd46758a5d490bbfb838c3
---

# RFI Las Vegas, Nevada and Surrounding Region

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 15:10:36.248-04
- Solicitation Number: RFICONUS04102026

## Summary

RFICONUS04102026 This is a request for information (RFI) for Las Vegas, Nevada and surrounding Areas. This is not a solicitation for proposals and there is no solicitation available at this time. The Government will not pay for any information received in response to this RFI, nor will the Government compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing the information provided to the Government. This RFI does not constitute a commitment from the Government and any information provided in response to this RFI will be used for informational purposes only. Any proprietary information submitted will be protected if appropriately marked. Vendor participation is not a promise for future business with the Government. The purpose of this RFI is to conduct Market Research. Background: Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support expects to issue the solicitation for Subsistence Prime Vendor (SPV) supporting the Nevada and the surrounding area within the contiguous United States (CONUS). DLA Troop Support’s CONUS SPV contractors are responsible for providing full-line food and beverage item distribution support for Garrison type feeding to military, federally funded, and other authorized customers in the regions covered by each contract. The DLA Troop Support SPV contractor will be responsible for providing food products such as canned items, dry items, chill items, ultra-high temperature (UHT) dairy items, frozen bakery products, frozen meats, frozen seafood and poultry, ice cream, eggs, and other dairy products under this contract. Information on the current DLA Troop Support CONUS SPV contracts can be found at http://www.dla.mil/TroopSupport/Subsistence/Foodservices/Regions/CONUS.aspx. Subsistence Prime Vendor support includes but is not limited to sourcing food items; receiving and consolidating product; warehousing and inventory management; quality control, quality assurance, and inspections; transportation, personnel management, meeting required delivery dates, and extensive reporting requirements. DLA Troop Support's CONUS Subsistence Prime Vendor (CONUS SPV) Program is interested in your comments regarding food support for our current customers listed below in Las Vegas, Nevada and the surrounding area. USDOE C/O MSTS, LLC - NV Test Site, FOOD WAREHOUSE BLDG 300, MERCURY, NV 89023 Guardian Hall - Creech AFB, 1210 VOODOO ROAD, INDIAN SPRINGS, NV 89018 Crosswinds Dining Hall - Nellis AFB, 4551 ELLSWORTH - Bldg 790, Nellis AFB, NV 89191 1864TH TRANSPORTATION COMPANY- 4500 W. SILVERADO RANCH BLVD. Las Vegas, NV 89139 100TH QUARTERMASTER COMPANY- 6490 RANGE ROAD, Las Vegas, NV 89165 The following are specific questions to consider: Please provide the name of your Company and point of contact information. If your company has a Cage Code, please provide that as well. In what type of business is your company involved – e.g. logistics, food distribution? Who are your firm’s major customers, e.g. retailers, industrial accounts, commercial accounts? Is your firm considered a large or small business concern? Small business is generally defined as a firm that employs less than 700 employees. Do you believe your firm can successfully perform the requirements discussed above in the third paragraph of this RFI? If so, please explain why. If not, please explain why. Can you support any or all the customers in Nevada and the surrounding area? If you cannot support any or all the customers described above, please provide the reason why you cannot provide support. Many of the customers expect delivery 48 hours after placing their orders. Are there any location limitations in meeting this delivery schedule? Historically, SPV contracts for customers located in Nevada, and the surrounding area contract terms are for five (5) years and sales in these regions have been estimated around $9,381,433.60. Can your firm manage this volume? What is the revenue generated from product moving through your warehouse(s) on an annual basis? Is revenue generated from any other source associated with the warehouse? If so, explain? Does your firm have a warehouse in Nevada and surrounding region? If not, does your firm have the capability to obtain a warehouse in Nevada and surrounding area? Do you feel it would be more feasible to establish more than one warehouse in Nevada and surrounding region to meet customer requirements? Identify any constraints that may prevent your firm from developing warehouse platforms in the specified locations. Do you have preferred delivery set-ups (routes, grouping of customers) to provide complete food support throughout Nevada and the surrounding area? Some of our customers are remotely located and require smaller pack-size items. Can this requirement be provided? Can you provide service to them, regardless of weather conditions? What method of shipping would be used? The terms of the Berry Amendment, 10 U.S.C. 4862, will likely apply to items under any solicitation that is issued and the resulting contract. In general, items that are subject to the Berry Amendment must be grown, reprocessed, or produced in the United States or its possessions, see DFARS Clause 252.225-7012. Can you provide Berry Amendment compliant/United States domestic products? A Surge Requirement is one that could increase the normal orders by 300% in which you would be required to satisfy requirements for emergency situations (i.e., ramp up to meet early requirements (surge) and/or requirements that may exceed estimated annual quantities). DLA defines surge as the ability to ramp up quickly to meet early requirements normally needed within the first 30 days of a contingency. Sustainment is defined as the ability to sustain an increased pace throughout the contingency(s) for six months or longer. A surge situation is defined as an increase in military feeding of 300% of peacetime demand for a period of up to 30 days. How would you be able to accommodate this increase? What would be the time frame needed to attain these increased quantities? Will your company be able to operate at the increased output of products for a period of six months or longer? If not, what are some of the reasons why you would not be able to operate at this elevated demand and not meet the surge requirement? Would there be customers who could not be supported if an emergency order is needed (either same day or next day)? Please confirm if your facility is capable and willing to complete a long-term 5-year contract We encourage and appreciate your participation; please share your ideas regarding these issues. Your written comments, suggestions and ideas regarding support for our customers will be treated as confidential and for Government use only. Please provide your responses via email, by April 24, 2026, at 3:00 p.m. Philadelphia Local Time to the following email addresses: Antoinette Patterson at Antoinette.Patterson@dla.mil ; Syrita Jessup at Syrita.Jessup@dla.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Syrita Jessup
  - Email: syrita.jessup@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Antoinette Patterson
  - Email: antoinette.patterson@dla.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/855482047ddd46758a5d490bbfb838c3/view)