---
layout: default
title: Common Armament Tester for Fighter (CAT-F)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 90f0ad196e6c44efb09169996718142f
---

# Common Armament Tester for Fighter (CAT-F)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 12:18:22.461-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8533-25-R-0002

## Summary

14 Apr 2026: The purpose of this update is to provide RFP Amendment 0003. RFP Amendment 0003 extends the proposal due date to 14 May 2026, 3:30 PM EDT. Revised Attachments as referenced in RFP Amendment 0003 are hereby posted here. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions should be submitted to the PCO, Brandi Owens, brandi.owens@us.af.mil, and the Contract Specialist, Adam Hudson, adam.hudson.4@us.af.mil 30 Mar 2026: The purpose of this update is to advise Industry the following: The USG anticipates RFP Amendment 0003 will be released within two weeks from today. RFP Amendment 0003 will extend the proposal due date as well as make other changes such as reduce the LRIP quantities, incorporate Long Lead Item CLINs, and incorporate revised attachments. This SAM.gov posting will be revised at that time to reflect the revised proposal due date. SAM.gov still reflects 17 Mar 2026 as the proposal due date as SAM.gov does not allow a blank date entry. Industry Questions with Answers will be posted shortly. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil, and the Contract Specialist, Adam Hudson, adam.hudson.4@us.af.mil . Effective 06 Apr 2026 the PCO for this effort will be Brandi Owens, Brandi.Owens@us.af.mil. The Contract Specialist will remain as Adam Hudson, adam.hudson.4@us.af.mil 06 Mar 2026: The purpose of this update is to advise Industry the following: Industry Questions with Answers are posted here. RFP Amendment 0003 to extend the proposal due date as well as the other changes addressed in the Industry Questions with Answers will be forthcoming. Proposals are not due on 17 Mar 2026, however, SAM.gov will still reflect this date as SAM.gov does not allow a blank date entry. The revised proposal receipt date is To Be Determined. This SAM.gov posting will be revised at that time to reflect the revised proposal due date. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil and the Contract Specialist, Adam Hudson, adam.hudson.4@us.af.mil . 25 Feb 2026: The purpose of this update is to post Questions to Industry and to advise that RFP Amendment 0003 is forthcoming. Amendment 0003 will reduce LRIP quantities and extend the proposal due date. 1) Questions to Industry dated 25 Feb 2026 is posted here. 2) Request feedback to be received NLT 4pm EST, Monday, 02 Mar 2026 to the POCs listed below. 3) All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil; and the Contract Specialist, Adam Hudson, adam.hudson.4@us.af.mil 23 Feb 2026: As of 23 Feb 2026 there has not been a resolution from the SAM.gov helpdesk regarding the RFP Attachment 6_Excel Cost Model, dated 15 Sep 2025. Please email oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil to request the RFP Attachment 6_Excel Cost Model, dated 15 Sep 2025. 19 Feb 2026: We are working with the SAM.gov helpdesk to get the issue with the RFP Attachment 6_Excel Cost Model, dated 15 Sep 2025, resolved. An update will be posted here once it is resolved. 17 Feb 2026: The purpose of this update is to provide RFP Amendment 0002. RFP Amendment 0002 extends the proposal due date to 17 Mar 2026, 3:30 PM EDT. Revised Attachments as referenced in RFP Amendment 0002 are hereby posted here. 17 Feb 2026: The purpose of this update is to advise Industry that the USG anticipates RFP Amendment 0002 will be released NLT two weeks from today. 22 Sep 2025: The purpose of this update is to provide RFP Amendment 0001. RFP Amendment 0001 extends the proposal due date to Indefinite due to a received protest. However, SAM.gov will reflect a date of 31 Dec 2026 as SAM.gov does not allow a blank date entry. A firm proposal due date will be identified in an RFP amendment upon the resolution of the protest. 18 Sep 2025: The purpose of this update is to advise Industry the following: Proposals are not due on 22 Sep 2025. However, SAM.gov will still reflect this date as SAM.gov does not allow a blank date entry. The revised proposal receipt date is To Be Determined. An RFP Amendment to extend the proposal due date as well as the other changes addressed in the Industry Questions with Answers will be forthcoming. This SAM.gov posting will be revised at that time to reflect the revised proposal due date. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil and the Contract Specialist, Alexis Davis, alexis.davis.13@us.af.mil . 04 Sep 2025: The purpose of this update is to provide Industry with answers to their RFP questions. Industry Questions with Answers are posted here. An RFP Amendment for the changes addressed in the Industry Questions with Answers will be forthcoming. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil and the Contract Specialist, Alexis Davis, alexis.davis.13@us.af.mil 05 Aug 2025: This Request for Proposal (RFP) is for Common Armament Tester-Fighters (CAT-F). This effort requires the development, manufacture, and sustainment of a common armament tester for the F-16, F-15, and A-10 platforms, capable of testing Preload, Clean Wing, and Fault Isolation Requirements at both O-Level and I-Level Maintenance. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) for this requirement is 334515, Instrument Manufacturing for Measuring and Testing Electricity and Electrical Signals, with a corresponding small business size standard of 750 employees, and Product or Service Code (PSC) 4920. This acquisition will utilize the Tradeoff Source Selection Procedures in accordance with the DoD Source Selection Procedures, dated 20 Aug 2022, and DAFFARS MP 5315.3. It will be comprised of an Initial Source Selection that will result in up to two (2) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts to two (2) offerors with a Final Downselect to at least one (1) contractor following Critical Design Review (CDR). The Initial Source Selection will result in the award for CAT-F System Design. In the Initial Source Selection, the Government will conduct a full and open competition to narrow the competitive field down to no more than two (2) contractors that will execute CAT-F System Design and proceed to the Final Downselect. The Contracts will contain options for the execution of the program beyond the basic contract. The Final Downselect source selection will determine which contractor’s Option I may be exercised. The IDIQ contracts will utilize a mix of pricing arrangements, including Cost Plus Fixed Fee (CPFF), Firm Fixed Price (FFP), and Cost Reimbursement-No Fee (CR-NF). The Period of Performance for the resultant contracts shall include a 1 year Basic and 4 one year Options (in accordance with FAR 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract). The Basic is for Prototype Design and Digital Development of the O-Level and I-Level Testers. Option I is for EMD and Production but will only be exercised for the contractor(s) chosen during the Downselect. The following estimated quantities will be required for delivery during the Basic: Qty of 4 for the F-16 O-Level Handheld Tester Prototype Qty of 4 for the F-15 O-Level Handheld Tester Prototype Qty of 4 for the A-10 O-Level Handheld Tester Prototype The following estimated quantities will be required for delivery during Options I-IV: Qty of 303 EA for the F-16 O-Level Testers Qty of 172 EA for the F-15 O-Level Testers Qty of 68 EA for the A-10 O-Level Testers Qty of 143 EA for the F-16 I-Level Testers Qty of 80 EA for the F-15 I-Level Testers Qty of 42 EA for the A-10 I-Level Testers Offerors shall prepare their proposals in accordance with mandatory and detailed instructions contained in the RFP. If access to the bidder’s library is needed, submit a completed DD Form 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement, to the POCs listed below. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions in regards to this notice should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil and the Contract Specialist, Alexis Davis, Alexis.Davis.13@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brandi Owens
  - Email: brandi.owens@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Adam Hudson
  - Email: adam.hudson.4@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: _Excel Cost Model, dated 15 Sep 2025. Please email oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil to request the RFP Attachment 6_Excel Cost Model, dated 15 Sep 2025. 19 Feb 2026: We are working with the SAM.gov helpdesk to get the issue with the RFP Attachment 6_Excel Cost Model, dated 15 Sep 2025, resolved. An update will be posted here once it is resolved. 17 Feb 2026: The purpose of this update is to provide RFP Amendment 0002. RFP Amendment 0002 extends the proposal due date to 17 Mar 2026, 3:30 PM EDT. Revised Attachments as referenced in RFP Amendment 0002 are hereby posted here. 17 Feb 2026: The purpose of this update is to advise Industry that the USG anticipates RFP Amendment 0002 will be released NLT two weeks from today. 22 Sep 2025: The purpose of this update is to provide RFP Amendment 0001. RFP Amendment 0001 extends the proposal due date to Indefinite due to a received protest. However, SAM.gov will reflect a date of 31 Dec 2026 as SAM.gov does not allow a blank date entry. A firm proposal due date will be identified in an RFP amendment upon the resolution of the protest. 18 Sep 2025: The purpose of this update is to advise Industry the following: Proposals are not due on 22 Sep 2025. However, SAM.gov will still reflect this date as SAM.gov does not allow a blank date entry. The revised proposal receipt date is To Be Determined. An RFP Amendment to extend the proposal due date as well as the other changes addressed in the Industry Questions with Answers will be forthcoming. This SAM.gov posting will be revised at that time to reflect the revised proposal due date. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil and the Contract Specialist, Alexis Davis, alexis.davis.13@us.af.mil . 04 Sep 2025: The purpose of this update is to provide Industry with answers to their RFP questions. Industry Questions with Answers are posted here. An RFP Amendment for the changes addressed in the Industry Questions with Answers will be forthcoming. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil and the Contract Specialist, Alexis Davis, alexis.davis.13@us.af.mil 05 Aug 2025: This Request for Proposal (RFP) is for Common Armament Tester-Fighters (CAT-F). This effort requires the development, manufacture, and sustainment of a common armament tester for the F-16, F-15, and A-10 platforms, capable of testing Preload, Clean Wing, and Fault Isolation Requirements at both O-Level and I-Level Maintenance. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) for this requirement is 334515, Instrument Manufacturing for Measuring and Testing Electricity and Electrical Signals, with a corresponding small business size standard of 750 employees, and Product or Service Code (PSC) 4920. This acquisition will utilize the Tradeoff Source Selection Procedures in accordance with the DoD Source Selection Procedures, dated 20 Aug 2022, and DAFFARS MP 5315.3. It will be comprised of an Initial Source Selection that will result in up to two (2) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts to two (2) offerors with a Final Downselect to at least one (1) contractor following Critical Design Review (CDR). The Initial Source Selection will result in the award for CAT-F System Design. In the Initial Source Selection, the Government will conduct a full and open competition to narrow the competitive field down to no more than two (2) contractors that will execute CAT-F System Design and proceed to the Final Downselect. The Contracts will contain options for the execution of the program beyond the basic contract. The Final Downselect source selection will determine which contractor’s Option I may be exercised. The IDIQ contracts will utilize a mix of pricing arrangements, including Cost Plus Fixed Fee (CPFF), Firm Fixed Price (FFP), and Cost Reimbursement-No Fee (CR-NF). The Period of Performance for the resultant contracts shall include a 1 year Basic and 4 one year Options (in accordance with FAR 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract). The Basic is for Prototype Design and Digital Development of the O-Level and I-Level Testers. Option I is for EMD and Production but will only be exercised for the contractor(s) chosen during the Downselect. The following estimated quantities will be required for delivery during the Basic: Qty of 4 for the F-16 O-Level Handheld Tester Prototype Qty of 4 for the F-15 O-Level Handheld Tester Prototype Qty of 4 for the A-10 O-Level Handheld Tester Prototype The following estimated quantities will be required for delivery during Options I-IV: Qty of 303 EA for the F-16 O-Level Testers Qty of 172 EA for the F-15 O-Level Testers Qty of 68 EA for the A-10 O-Level Testers Qty of 143 EA for the F-16 I-Level Testers Qty of 80 EA for the F-15 I-Level Testers Qty of 42 EA for the A-10 I-Level Testers Offerors shall prepare their proposals in accordance with mandatory and detailed instructions contained in the RFP. If access to the bidder’s library is needed, submit a completed DD Form 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement, to the POCs listed below. All comments, recommendations, concerns, and questions in regards to this notice should be submitted to the PCO, Oya Harrison, oya.harrison.1@us.af.mil and the Contract Specialist, Alexis Davis, Alexis.Davis.13@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/90f0ad196e6c44efb09169996718142f/view)