---
layout: default
title: C1DA--657-24-115JB, FCA-Renovate Bldg 23 to Modernize Prosthetics
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: ee8eb686d5d544e780bd1576359064ec
---

# C1DA--657-24-115JB, FCA-Renovate Bldg 23 to Modernize Prosthetics

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 16:00:01.16-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526R0080
- Awardee: null

## Summary

PRESOLICITATION NOTICE Request for Architect Services (A/E) 330 submission Solicitation: 36C25525R0039 FCA Renovate Bldg. 23 to Modernize Prosthetics Project No. 657-24-115JB CONTRACT INFORMATION This A-E Services requirement is being procured in accordance with the Brooks Act (Public Law (PL0582) and implemented in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 36. Firms will be selected for negotiation based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required work. This procurement is restricted to Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) firms. This requirement is being procured in accordance with VAAR 836.606-71 as implemented in FAR Subpart 36.6. This is not a Request for Proposal, and an award will not be made with this announcement. This announcement is a request for SF 330 s from qualified Architectural and Engineer (A&E) contractors that meet the professional requirements. The selection criteria for this acquisition will be in accordance with FAR 36.602-1, evaluation factors are listed below. The completed SF 330 will be evaluated by the Columbia VAMC Evaluation Board in accordance with FAR 36.602-5(a) and the selection report shall serve as the final selection list, which will be provided directly to the Contracting Officer. Negotiations will be conducted beginning with the most highly qualified firm. The Government will not pay nor reimburse any costs associated with responding to this request. The Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. The contract is anticipated to be awarded no later than June 2026. Award of any resultant contract is contingent upon the availability of funds. No solicitation document is available and no other information pertaining to project scope, etc. is available at this time. Any request for assistance with submission or other procedural matters shall be submitted to Jeanette Mathena and Kelsey Eagle via e-mail to: jeanette.mathena@va.gov and kelsey.eagle@va.gov. Personal visits to discuss this announcement will not be allowed. The NAICS Code for this procurement is 541310 A/E Services and the small business size standard of $12.5 Million. Award of a Firm Fixed Price contract is anticipated. Anticipated time for completion of design is estimated at 244 calendar days including time for VA reviews. The A/E firm shall also be required to perform construction services if award of a construction project contract is made. DATABASE REGISTRATION INFORMATION: VERIFICATION OF STATUS OF APPARENTLY SUCCESSFUL OFFEROR THIS ACQUISITION IS 100% SET-ASID FOR QUALIFIED SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESS AE FIRMS INCOMPLIANCE WITH FAR 52.219-14 and VAAR 852.219-73. ONLY BUSINESSES VERIFIED AND LISTED IN THE VENDOR INFORMATION PAGES DATABASE, https://sam.gov/content/home SHALL BE CONSIDERED. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM): Federal Acquisition Registrations require that federal contractors register in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at https://sam.gov/ and enter all mandatory information into the system. Award cannot be made until the contractor has registered. Offerors are encouraged to ensure that they are registered in SAM prior to submitting their qualifications package. THE EXCLUDED PARTIES LIST SYSTEM (EPLS): To ensure that the individuals providing services under the contract have not engaged in fraud or abuse regarding Sections 1128 and1128A of the Social Security Act regarding federal health care programs, the contractor is required to check the Excluded Parties List System (EPLS) located at https://sam.gov/ for each person providing services under this contract. Further the contractor is required to certify that all persons listed in the qualifications package have been compared against the EPLS list and are NOT listed. During the performance of this contract the Contractor is prohibited from using any individual or business listed on the List of Excluded Individuals/Entities. E-VERIFY SYSTEM: Companies awarded a contract with the federal government shall be required to enroll in E-Verify within 30 days of the contract award date. They shall also need to begin using the E-Verify system to confirm that all of their new hires and their employees directly working on federal contracts are authorized to legally work in the United States. E-Verify is an Internet-based system that allows an employer, using information reported on an employee's Form I-9, to determine the eligibility of that employee to work in the United States. There is no charge to employers to use E-Verify. (FAR 52.222-54) Qualified A-E firms are required to respond if interested by submitting one (1) original completed Standard Form 330 qualification package Parts I and II to include all consultants (form available on-line at: : http://www.gsa.gov/portal/forms/download/116486).Â Must include in Part I Section H an organizational chart of the firm (excludes consultants) and a design quality management plan. Submission information incorporated by reference is not allowed. All submissions must be in pdf and emailed. Completed package shall be delivered on or before March 20, 2026 by 2:00PM CT to the following email address: jeanette.mathena@va.gov and Kelsey.eagle@va.gov. Email subject line shall clearly identify Solicitation number:36C25524R0026 and project name FCA Renovate Bldg. 23 to Modernize Prosthetics, Project No. 657-24-115JB. The 330 submission must be a pdf document and must be below 10 MG and not to exceed (60) pages. Packages exceeding 10 MG and exceeding 60 pages will not be considered. PROJECT INFORMATION The project will modernize Bldg. 23 physical infrastructure providing much needed improvements for more efficient patient care, administrative services and safer operations. Renovated space will include all 1st floor areas (~8600 SF) and approximately 2/3 of the Ground floor (~5200 SF). The renovation will include new office space for Prosthetics Administrative and Clinical staff. The design will need to accommodate phasing of construction to allow Prosthetics to remain operational during construction. The renovation will include upgrading of building systems (Mech/Plbg/Elec/Fire Alarm & Fire Protection) in areas of renovation and replacement of the original building freight elevator, as well as providing new right-sized restrooms for both staff and Patients/Visitors on the 1st floor. The Ground floor renovation work will include new right-sized restrooms for staff only. The project will include B23 roof and window replacement. The project will update all B23 wayfinding, taking into account that the JB connecting corridors pass directly through B23 on both the Ground and 1st Floor levels. Facility Condition Deficiencies (FCA), which are found to be in the B23 renovated space will be corrected but will likely not exceed 75% of the total project cost. The Architect or architect/engineer firm shall be capable of preparing all design and construction documentation including, but not limited to, advance planning, design, and construction oversite (including final as-built drawings) at the. Jefferson Barracks (JB) Division, Veterans Affairs Saint Louis Health Care System (VASTLHCS) St. Louis MO. Prime contractor shall have, at least, the following licensed/registered specialty disciplines be members of the firm, or team, with demonstrable expertise in their respective fields: Architect,; Structural Engineer, Mechanical Engineer, Fire Protection Engineer, , Plumbing Engineer, Interior Designer; Communication (voice & data), Electrical Engineer, and Cost Estimator with experience on projects of similar size and complexity. DESIGN TIMEFRAME: A/E shall deliver final construction documents No Later Than (NLT) 244 days after the Award/Notice to Proceed Letter. CONSTRUCTION BUDGET/DESIGN LIMITATION: Magnitude of construction project range: Between $ 5,000,000 to $10,000,000.00. The A/E will be required to design within this budget. The A/E will also be required to incorporate bid items into the bid documents that will allow for a 10% budget reduction. In accordance with FAR 52.236-22, Design within Funding Limitation (APR 1984), the estimated Total Construction Contract Price for this Project proceeding into CDs is not to exceed Construction budget listed above not including any Project Contingencies, VA Furnished/ Installed Medical Equipment, VA Furnished/Installed FFE, or Professional Service Fees. The A/E is responsible for designing the Project within the estimated total Construction Contract Price for the Design Development and Construction Document phases of this Project. If, at any time, the A/E determines that the design s construction cost (excluding contingencies) will exceed the Total Construction Contract Price (TCCP) the A/E shall immediately inform the Contracting Officer in writing. Such written notification shall include the reasons why the A/E believes the TCCP will probably be exceeded and shall offer proposed solutions to reduce the project cost to be within the TCCP. B1 SCHEDULE OF SERVICES: INTRODUCTION: The mission of the Veterans Affairs Saint Louis Health Care System (VASTLHCS) is to provide the highest quality health care to our nation s veterans. To accomplish this mission, VASTLHCS Facility Engineering Service (FES) intends to partner with an A/E Firm on a project to design the renovation of Building 23 to modernize the Prosthetics operations, Jefferson Barracks (JB) Division, St. Louis, MO 63125. The renovation will address and correct several poor Facility Condition Assessments (FCAs). The A/E Firm must provide Basic Professional Services as delineated in the Scope of Work. As part of the Basic Professional Services, FES expects the following primary A/E disciplines to be included: Project Manager, Architectural, Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing (Including Fire Protection), Structural, VPIH, and a 3rd Party Fire Protection Review. SCOPE OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECT: The project will modernize Bldg. 23 physical infrastructure providing much needed improvements for more efficient patient care, administrative services and safer operations. Renovated space will include all 1st floor areas (~8600 SF) and approximately 2/3 of the Ground floor (~5200 SF). The renovation will include new office space for Prosthetics Administrative and Clinical staff. The design will need to accommodate phasing of construction to allow Prosthetics to remain operational during construction. The renovation will include upgrading of building systems (Mech/Plbg/Elec/Fire Alarm & Fire Protection) in areas of renovation and replacement of the original building freight elevator, as well as providing new right-sized restrooms for both staff and Patients/Visitors on the 1st floor. The Ground floor renovation work will include new right-sized restrooms for staff only. The project will include B23 roof and window replacement. The project will update all B23 wayfinding, taking into account that the JB connecting corridors pass directly through B23 on both the Ground and 1st Floor levels. Facility Condition Deficiencies (FCA), which are found to be in the B23 renovated space will be corrected, but likely will not exceed 75% of the total project cost. B23 spaces included in this project are: All 1st Floor room/corridors; Ground Floor G07, G08, G09, G90A, G10, G11, G12, G13, G13A, G13B, G13C, G14, G15, G16, G17, G23, H000, H001, H002, H003, and Stair 1. SCOPE OF WORK FOR A/E: 1. Site Investigation & Design Narrative: The A/E shall make investigations necessary to thoroughly evaluate & document the area. This may include, but not limited to, hazardous materials identification in the direct area of work and areas impacted by the project. Perform such investigations as required to accurately verify all existing conditions. Do not rely solely upon "as built" drawings. The A/E firm shall be responsible for site review of the existing facility in order to field verify the owner's existing documents and as-built drawings. Any modifications that are required to be made as a result of the site review shall be communicated to the VA and corrected by the A/E firm. All designs shall be in accordance with A/E Submission Instructions for Minor and NRM Construction Program, Program Guide PG-18-15, Volume C. The design will also encompass Asbestos Abatement Design Manual (PG 18-10) Compliance: https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/dManual/dmASBhosp.pdf Upon completion of initial field survey and assessment, provide a comprehensive report of existing conditions and findings to VASTLHCS Facility Engineering Service. Report will include an initial cost estimate for all work included in the FCA Renovate Bldg. 23 to Modernize Prosthetics Operations project. Hazardous material surveys and design shall be in compliance with National Emissions Standard for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) requirements for renovation and demolition projects. This report will be considered the Design Narrative as referenced in B5 DESIGN REVIEW AND COMPLETION SCHEDULE below. Schematic Design The A/E shall do a minimum of three (3) Teams meetings with the Integrated Project Team to review the project. An agreed to and solid schematic design is the foundation for a successful design. The first meeting will be to do an initial IPT meeting and hear the needs, wants and desires of the users for this space The second visit will be to present a minimum of four schematics with the A/E providing their pros/cons to each. This visit is to be a working visit with the A/E having the ability to make changes, display these visually and provide some immediate feedback. During this visit, the discussion of phasing needs to begin with the VA providing the priority areas. The third meeting shall depict the schematic result from meeting two, also depicting the phasing plan. During this meeting final schematic and phasing shall be finalized and agreed to with the A/E providing a final schematic with phasing one week after this meeting Design Development The design shall include any energy efficiency improvements available for the application. The DD phase defines the space, to scale depiction of spatial relationships, wall locations, restrooms, etc. All designs shall be in accordance with A/E Submission Instructions for Minor and NRM Construction Program, Program Guide PG-18-15, Volume C. Mechanical, plumbing, electrical, and fire and safety systems must meet current codes and standards, including VA Standards. All new space and utilities will be designed to meet the Interagency Security Committee s and other relevant physical security guidelines. At a minimum, MEP at this phase shall identify tie-in locations (mechanical and plumbing), panels and power locations (electrical). A/E shall provide a life safety code analysis of the proposed design in coordination with the existing adjacent functions to verify the proposed design does not generate any compliance issues. This is to be included during the various phases (if required). The DD submission will identify all life safety designations (smoke barriers, rated walls, sprinkler zones, etc. The A/E shall provide a certification that the project is a stand-alone project and does not require any follow-on project to make the space suitable for its intended occupancy. Construction Documents: After the VAMC approves the A/E's design development, the A/E shall prepare construction documents necessary to accomplish the approved design development. As part of the 100% design submission, the A/E shall provide a written synopsis describing the overall scope of the construction project as well as any pertinent information about the project that would assist potential bidders in preparing a comprehensive bid package. This synopsis is intended to be a general description of the project not to exceed two written pages in length. The final design documents will be subject to review and approval (by signature) of all members of an Integrated Project Team (IPT) consisting of medical center personnel.Â These individuals will be identified by the COR at the first design review meeting. Construction Period Service: The A/E firm shall complete any changes necessary to develop the accepted design development documents into working drawings and specifications for issuance through the competitive bid process. The A/E firm shall provide a complete construction plan detailing all phases and sequencing of construction to minimize the impact on the facility. In most instances, the VA Master Construction Specifications will be edited and incorporated in the project specifications. However, in those instances where corresponding VA Master Construction Specifications are not available, the A/E shall develop the specification for incorporation into the project specifications. It is required that the A/E design in accordance with VA guidelines as these guidelines supersede any other industry guidelines. It is important to note that all specification sections are to be thoroughly edited to maintain uniformity of formatting and structure. All spec writer notes must be removed. Working drawings and specifications shall provide for construction within the National Fire Protection Association Code, VA Standards, and other applicable national codes. The A/E firm shall provide a clause in the specifications indicating a method by which the contractor will provide information to the A/E firm to allow the A/E firm to provide as-built drawings upon completion of construction. As-Built Drawings: The A/E firm shall submit one (1) complete set of drawings provided via file share software using AutoCAD Release 2025 and also .pdf format. Models should be provided in Revit 2024. The A/E shall follow the VA Standard CAD format for layering in accordance with the B3 DESIGN CRITERIA section of this Supplement B. The A/E firm shall submit said As-Built (aka Record Drawings) drawings within 30 days of receipt of red lined drawings. EVALUATION FACTORS: Selection criteria are in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 36.602-5.Â Prospective firms are required to address all selection criteria within submitted SF330 packages. Each page cannot exceed 8 1/2 x 11 in size. Prospective firms are required to address all selection criteria within submitted SF330 packages using additional pages as required and SF 330 submissions including any additional pages are not to exceed seventy-five (75) pages. SF 330 must be submitted as a PDF and cannot exceed 10MB. Qualifications (SF330) submitted by each firm for Project: FCA Renovate Bldg. 23 to Modernize Prosthetics Project No. 657-24-115JB will be reviewed and evaluated based on the following evaluation criteria listed below all factors are equally important: Professional Qualifications: The qualifications of the individuals which will be used for these services will be examined for experience and education. The Architectural firm capable of preparing all design and construction documentation including, but not limited to advance planning, design, and construction oversite (including final as-built drawings) at the Jefferson Barracks (JB) Division, Veterans Affairs Saint Louis Health Care System (VASTLHCS) St. Louis MO Prime contractor shall have, at least, the following licensed/registered specialty disciplines are mandatory for this project to be members of the firm, or team, with demonstrable expertise in their respective fields: Architect; Structural Engineer, Mechanical Engineer, Fire Protection Engineer, Plumbing Engineer, Interior Designer; Communication (voice & data), Electrical Engineer, and Cost Estimator with experience on projects of similar size and complexity. Specialized Experience and Technical Competence: Specific experience and technical skill in the type and scope of work for Prosthetics area, medical renovations in an active medical facility. Experience and qualification of personnel proposed for assignment and their record of working together as a team. The effectiveness of proposed project team (including management structure, coordination of disciplines, subcontractors, and prior working relationships) will be examined. The qualifications for Architect, ; Structural Engineer, Mechanical Engineer, Fire Protection Engineer, , Plumbing Engineer, Interior Designer; Communication (voice & data), Electrical Engineer, and Cost Estimator shall include a summary of at least five similar projects that demonstrate technical capabilities. Capacity to Accomplish the Work: The prime contractor will be evaluated to determine if it has the general workload and staffing capacity within its design office which will be responsible for the design to accomplish the work in the required time.Â Past Performance: The past performance of projects that are complete (design and construction) that the firm has designed relevant in scope to the advertised project that were accomplished with the Department of Veterans Affairs, other Government agencies, and private industry in terms of cost control, quality of work, and compliance with performance schedules will be examined. Project past performances that are older than 5 years will receive a lesser rating than those references for projects accomplished within the past 5 years. Projects that are submitted and not constructed will not be considered. Location of Design Firm: the geographic proximity of each firm to the location of the VA Medical Center will be evaluated. The mileage restriction is in compliance with FAR 36.602-1. This factor will apply to the office from which the prime contractor s business office is established. Firms within 500 miles of the medical center will receive a maximum rating. Firms more distant than 500 miles will receive a lower rating for this factor. Firms may use Google Maps, MapQuest, Yahoo Maps, or Rand McNally to determine and report the distance of the office where the Prime Contractor is established.Â Prime contractors shall not use a subcontractor office, consultant office, or any office other than Prime Contractor s physical location established prior to publication of this notice to determine distance to the Jefferson Barracks, VA.Â Claims and Terminations: record of significant claims against the firm or terminated contracts because of improper or incomplete architectural and engineering services will be examined. Reputation in A-E Community: reputation and standing of the firm and its principal officials with respect to professional performance, general management, and cooperativeness. Experience in construction period services: To include professional field inspections during the construction period, review of construction submittals, support in answering requests for information during the construction period, and support of construction contract changes to include drafting statements of work, and cost estimates shall be included as an evaluation criterion when construction period services is included in the statement of work for A-E services. Knowledge of locality: include knowledge of geological features, climatic conditions, or local construction methods that are unusual or unique to Jefferson Barracks (JB) Division, (VASTLHCS) St. Louis, MO.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeanette Mathena
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: jeanette.mathena@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1129

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ee8eb686d5d544e780bd1576359064ec/view)