---
layout: default
title: Z1DA--NRM-CONST | 528A7-19-720 | Repair SPS Deficiencies
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: c939829d5f2240f8b6a24101dcd07aaa
---

# Z1DA--NRM-CONST | 528A7-19-720 | Repair SPS Deficiencies

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 12:18:15.097-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226B0029
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Bid RFI Answers Solicitation: 36C24226B0029/Project: 528A7-19-720 Repair SPS Deficiencies Answered By: Emery P. Gasparek Jr; Jim Granier Is there a lay-down area designated for this project? Answer: There are no designated laydown areas on the drawings. AHU-2., Limited space on roof near Temp Unit, and limited space on 10th floor near AHU-2 area. AHU-11, Limited Space on Shaft 5 Roof, and inside near unit. AHU-7 has extremely limited space inside Shaft 2, near units. There is nothing on drawings showing any pre-determined areas so contractors should assume no laydown area permitted. Is parking available for contractors on-site? Answer: No. One dumpster or one parking spot. Due to volatile material price fluctuations and unpredictability of the market, will the government agree to pay for Stored Materials on this project to avoid price increases post bid? Documentation of material invoice/packing slips, photo, and insurance backup information for each relevant charge would be provided. Answer: No If a project runs past initial period of performance, can material costs be submitted then? Supplier & Manufacturers don t wait to bill, having to hold/extend carrying these costs puts an extreme burden on contractors. Answer: No Section 28 13 00: Physical Access Control System is missing from project specifications. Answer: Will include 3/AS-902 mentions Apco Signs. Is Apco sole source, or can other sign manufacturers be utilized? Answer: Apco is the Basis of Design for the hospital Confirm temp SPS trailer is in GC contract. Answer: Yes, it is to be included in the Bid Please define GC responsibility for remove, storage, and reinstallation of existing equipment. For example, built-in units (washers, cart washers, and sterilizers) have stainless steel trim surrounds, in-wall and floor utility connections. Will vendors make disconnections and package these units for storage? Answer: - VA will have Equipment MFG s shut down and secure equipment. -Contractor will disconnect all utilities. -Contractor will move equipment to Contractor s warehouse for storage. -Contractor will store in warehouse for the duration of Phase 2. -Contractor will move equipment back to VA or install new Identical Equipment. -Contraction will make all utility connects to equipment including but not limited to (Steam, Air , Water, RO Water, Data, Electrical, and Drains). -All Stainless Panels near Sterilizers are to be removed and re-installed by Contractor. This includes fitment to new Sterilizers. -VA will have all Equipment new or used Started up and Commissioned by MFG s. What are climate control requirements for the equipment? Answer: Temperature 68 degrees +/- 2; Humidity 40% +/- 5% Who is responsible for utility connections on reinstallation? Answer: Contractors Bidding this Project Who is responsible for reinstalling stainless trim surrounds? Answer: Contractors Bidding this Project At site visit, we were told the cart washer drain is leaking. This equipment is to remain, and the drain seems to be underneath the unit who is responsible for disassembling and reassembling the unit for drain work? Answer: Contractors Bidding this Project Who is responsible for providing the commissioning agent, the VA or general contractor? Answer: Contractor is responsible for commissioning all aspects of project except for the equipment. VA will commission all equipment Will there be specific haul routes required for ingress of materials and equipment and/or egress of removed equipment and debris? Answer: Contractor to decide, however, there are specific requirements with moving materials through Patient Care areas including moving materials off hours. All carts and materials/debris are required to be covered. Each area was walked during the site visit. See drawings and specs for additional details How many consecutive days would crane be allowed to stay set up? Answer: One day. All Crane picks are performed on weekends or after hours with Contractors providing all supervision, safety, and associated required personnel. A required Crane Permit is required to be submitted by Contractor to VA for approval. Confirm temp SPS trailer rental and rigging is to be included in GC contract Answer: Contractors Bidding this Project need to include this in their Bid Please define GC responsibility for remove, storage, and reinstallation of existing equipment. -Built-in units (washers, cart washers, and sterilizers) have stainless steel trim surrounds, Answer: the Cart Washer does not get moved and has to be protected in place by Contractors bidding this Project. Contractors bidding this Project are required to repair the leaking drain under the Cart Washer which requires the disconnect and removal of some piping and components which are in the Scope of this Project by Contractors bidding this Project. All other built-in units will be including Stainless Steel Surrounds, removing, moving to storage, storage, and re-installation are the responsibility of Contractors bidding this Project. VA will have Equipment MFG s shut down and secure equipment. Before it is to be moved. All other Mechanical, Electrical and other work is the responsibility of contractors bidding this Project. Built In Units and Sterilizers are in the Scope of this Project, and Contractor bidding this Project are required to include it. -in-wall and floor utility connections. Answer: Contractors Bidding this Project are responsible for this work Will vendors make disconnections and package these units for storage? Answer: NO Contractors Bidding this Project need to include this in their Bid. VA will have Equipment MFG s shut down and secure equipment. Before it is to be moved. What are climate control requirements for the equipment? Answer: Temperature 68 degrees +/- 2; Humidity 40% +/- 5% Who is responsible for utility connections on reinstallation? Answer: Contractors Bidding this Project Who is responsible for reinstalling stainless trim surrounds? Answer: Contractors Bidding this Project At site visit we were told the cart washer drain is leaking. This equipment is to-remain, and the drain seems to be underneath the unit who is responsible for disassembling and reassembling the unit for drain work? Answer: the Cart Washer does not get moved and has to be protected in place by Contractors bidding this Project. Contractors bidding this Project are required to repair the leaking drain under the Cart Washer which requires the disconnect and removal of some piping and components which are in the Scope of this Project by Contractors bidding this Project. Please provide full-size drawings, drawings released on SAM are 8.5 x 11 . Answer: Should be able to plot drawings full size on a plotter.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Terry Fraser
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: terry.fraser@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c939829d5f2240f8b6a24101dcd07aaa/view)