---
layout: default
title: FY26 3rd QTR Milk FMC Fort Worth
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4ae44487040545a5a8e6cee533263bd3
---

# FY26 3rd QTR Milk FMC Fort Worth

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 16:08:06.755-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B50926Q00000002

## Summary

(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with (RFO) Revolutionary FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 15B50926Q00000002 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for “FY26 3rd QTR Milk” requirement. This acquisition is set aside for small business concerns in accordance with RFO 19.104-1. The NAICS for this requirement is 311511 with a small business size of 1,150 employees. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov, under the FAR Overhaul listed at the top of the website. (ii) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable). See attached requirements worksheets for a full description of items, quantities and units of measures for all requirements. (iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see RFO 12.102). See attached requirements worksheets for a full description of items, quantities and units of measures for all requirements. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and F.O.B. point (see RFO Part 47). Dates of delivery will be weekly and is subject to change quantities each week due to changes in the inmate population. Delivery will be Freight on Board. Delivery address will be: FMC Fort Worth 3150 HORTON ROAD Fort Worth, TX 76119 (v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)). The following provisions are appliable: • 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services • Evaluation of Quotes: Awards will be awarded on a line item basis. Awards will be made to the responsible Quoter(s) whose quote conforms to the requirements and is determined to provide the best value to the Government, considering the evaluation factors outlined below. (1) Price (2) Past Performance (3) Technical • Timeliness of Deliveries: The Offeror must demonstrate a consistent record of on-time deliveries. Documented instances of late deliveries, including Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) evaluations and communications with other Contracting Officers, will be reviewed. • Order Accuracy and Completeness: The Offeror must show a track record of delivering complete and accurate orders. Evidence of recurring issues such as missing or incorrect items— supported by customer complaints, returns, or input from other Contracting Officers—will be considered. FAR provisions and clauses utilize the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul Part 52 model deviation text available at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul part-52. (vi) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)). • 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION NOV 2025) • 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) • 52.204-13 System for Award Management – Maintenance (DEVIATION NOV 2025) • 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Debarred/Suspended Contractors (DEVIATION NOV 2025) • 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (DEVIATION NOV 2025) • 52.219-6 Small Business Set-Aside (NOV 2020) • 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUNE 2003) • 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies(JAN 2025) • 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUNE 2020) • 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUNE 2020) • 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (JUNE 2020) • 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (OCT 2025) • 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies • 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) • 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management (OCT 2018) • 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party • 52.233-3 Protest After Award • 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim • JAR 2852.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions, Commercial Items (vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. The completed solicitation package must be returned no later than 12:00 p.m. Central Standard Time on Wednesday, March 25, 2026. Vendors shall submit quotes only to: • Crystal Lopez, Contract Specialist, Email: CLNazario@bop.gov and • Katrina Pirtle, Procurement & Property Specialist, Email: kpirtle@bop.gov No fax, hand delivered, or mail-in quotes will be accepted. Please be sure to read the solicitation, cover letter, quote sheet, clauses and provisions and delivery schedule. If the answer is addressed in those documents you will not receive a response. Quotes MUST be good for 30 calendar days after close of the solicitation. (viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). Any and all information will be posted to the General Services Administration, SAM.Gov website: www.sam.gov. All future information about this acquisition, including amendments, awards and cancellations will also be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation All responsible sources may submit a quotation, as appropriate, which will be considered by the Bureau of Prisons. Awards with total value over the Micro Purchase Threshold of $15,000 will be awarded with a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) Purchase Order. Awards with total value under the Micro Purchase Threshold of $15,000 will be awarded with a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Government Purchase Card transaction from the local food services department. Any subsequent award will require acceptance in the form of a signature by the contractor 48 hours after the signed purchase order has been delivered to the contractor. Subsistence is a vital part of the orderly running of the operation of a Federal Prison. In accordance with FAR 12.201-1 (b), this contracting officer has determined this acquisition appropriate to require acceptance in writing. “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Katrina Pirtle
  - Email: kpirtle@bop.gov
  - Phone: 8174133035
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Crystal Lopez-Nazario
  - Email: CLNazario@bop.gov
  - Phone: 8174133038

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4ae44487040545a5a8e6cee533263bd3/view)