---
layout: default
title: AN/SPY-6(V) Production RFI/Sources Sought
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 663abd64e26c4fc8896b6a0221120cfa
---

# AN/SPY-6(V) Production RFI/Sources Sought

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 06:01:48.37-04
- Solicitation Number: N00024-25-R-5510

## Summary

Update 4/22/2026: The Unclassified Terms of Use Agreement document has been updated. Any company that had previously signed the prior version and had received the amendment does not need to re-sign this updated copy. Any company who has not yet provided a signed unclassified terms of use agreement and DD2345 and is looking for access to the Unclassified bidder's library, please utilize the updated document for submittal via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil). Update 4/2/2026: The Draft RFP for the solicitation has updated the existing sections and also includes Section L and M and is available to download via NSERC for those companies who have completed and submitted the required forms to gain access to the unclassified bidder’s library, or is available via DoD Safe upon request to those companies who are interested but do not have access to the bidder’s library. The Government is inviting Industry to provide any questions, redlines, comments, or feedback by 29 May 2026. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil) and Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). The Government offering the opportunity for a 20 minute one-on-one session. In-person One-on-Ones are strongly recommended. When: 11 May 2026 through 15 May 2026 Where: 1220 12th Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 10 Attendees If your company is interested in scheduling a session, submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s preference of day and list of attendees no later than 1 May 2026. Update 2/2/2026: The Government responses to any outstanding questions from the 15 December 2025 Industry Day and to the questions and comments received on the Draft Sections B&C are available via a DoD Safe Drop-Off. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil) or Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). The responses will also be made available on the UNCLASS GFI Library via NSERC. Update 12/10/2025: Questions and Answers (Q&A) in response to the DRAFT Sections B&C have been made available to Industry. Please reach out to this notice's POCs to receive the Q&A. The Q&A is also available on the UNCLASS GFI Library via NSERC. Update 12/3/2025: The last day to provide notification of attending the industry day on 15 December 2025 is by 10 December 2025 at 1500 EST. Update 11/17/2025: The Government intends to re-schedule the Industry Day for 15 December 2025 from 1200-1400 EST. In-person attendance is strongly recommended. If your company had previously expressed interest in attending, a separate communication will be sent confirming if your company still intends to attend the event and to confirm prior attendees provided. If your company had not previously expressed interest in attending but now intends on attending, please submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s intent to join in-person or virtually and a list of attendees, and the information for the event will be provided. When: 15 December 2025: 1200-1400 EST Where: 20 M Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 3 In-Person Attendees As a result of the Industry Day, if your company has additional feedback, questions, or comments on the Draft Sections B&C of the solicitation, please provide feedback by 19 January 2026. Update 10/21/2025: Due to the current lack of appropriations and furlough status, the Government has postponed the Industry Day. A new Industry Day date will be posted in the near future. Update 10/15/2025: The last day to provide notification of attending the industry day on 27 October 2025 is by COB 22 October 2025. If your company expresses interest in attending, submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s intent to join in-person or virtually and a list of attendees and their email addresses, and the information for the event will be provided. When: 27 October 2025: 1100-1300 EST Where: 20 M Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 3 In-Person Attendees Update 9/30/2025: Draft Sections B and C for the solicitation are available to download via NSERC for companies who have completed and submitted the required forms to gain access to the bidder’s library or via DoD Safe Drop-Off. The Government is inviting Industry to provide any questions, redlines, comments, or feedback by 17 November 2025. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil) and Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). The Government intends to hold an industry day on 27 October 2025 from 1100-1300 EST. In-person attendance is strongly recommended. If your company expresses interest in attending, submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s intent to join in-person or virtually and a list of attendees, and the information for the event will be provided. When: 27 October 2025: 1100-1300 EST Where: 20 M Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 3 Attendees Update 7/21/2025: The remaining Government responses to the question submittals are available via DoD Safe Drop-Off. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil) or Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). Update 7/10/2025: The first batch of Government responses to the question submittals are available via DoD Safe Drop-Off. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil) or Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). Update 5/12/2025: The Government is hosting a virtual walkthrough of the UNCLASS GFI on 13 May 2025 at 1230 to companies who have received access. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) for more information. Update 5/5/2025: The Government is inviting Industry to provide any additional questions, redlines, comments, or feedback by 20 May 2025. Submit all correspondence via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil). Update 4/16/2025: The Government intends to hold a virtual industry day on 29 April 2025 from 0900 to 1200. If your company expresses interest in attending, submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) and a link to the virtual event will be provided. The SPY-6 Team is also offering the opportunity for a 30 minute One-on-One session. When: 30 April 2025 through 1 May 2025 Where: 20 M Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 10 Attendees If your company provided a response to the RFI posting and are interested in scheduling a session, submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s preference of day. Update 1/14/2024: The RFI has been updated to provide new information on the Government's intended contracting path forward and ask updated questions based on narrowing down the acquisition strategy. TDP updates are also anticipated to be added to the Bidder's Library in the near future and primary POCs have been updated. There are edits throughout this RFI so please read in it's entirety. UPDATE 4/1/2024: The Unclassified Bidder's Library with draft TDP is now available to industry. For those interested in access, please submit the signed Terms of Use Agreement, DD 2345, and a capabilities statment, if those have not already been provided as well as a request for Bidder's Library access via e-mail to Brittany Burton, (brittany.m.burton4.civ@us.navy.mil), and Tom Kostyo (thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil), with a copy to the Contracting Officer, Ms. Holly Danner (holly.r.danner.civ@us.navy.mil). SECTION 1: SYNOPSIS The Naval Sea System Command (NAVSEA) is hereby issuing a Sources Sought Request for Information (RFI) on behalf of the Program Executive Office Integrated Warfare Systems Above Water Sensors directorate (PEO IWS 2.0). NAVSEA is issuing this announcement as part of a market survey for the AN/SPY-6 radar variants. This includes the Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) (AN/SPY-6(V)1) for DDG-51 FLT III, the AMDR Backfit radar for DDG-51 FLT IIA (AN/SPY-6(V)4), the Enterprise Air Surveillance Radar (EASR) Rotator (AN/SPY-6(V)2), and the EASR Fixed Face (AN/SPY-6(V)3). For convenience, the term “SPY-6” is used in this RFI to refer to all noted radar variants. The SPY-6 variant radars are built upon common hardware line replaceable units (LRUs) using modular, open system principles. It is PEO IWS 2.0’s intent to competitively award a multi-award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract to procure and supportAN/SPY-6(V) radars as early as FY27, but NLT FY28. The basis for production of SPY-6 hardware is contained in the Technical Data Package (TDP), which is currently available in DRAFT form as Government Furnished Information (GFI). Multi Award Contract (MAC) IDIQ scope will include “Build-to-Print" production where applicable for all variants of SPY-6, and may include technology refresh, obsolescence resolution, and additional development support. The term “Build-to-Print" in this context means producing to the exact specifications, drawings, and design contained within the TDP, with modifications allowed only for the purposes of addressing obsolescence, non-compliances with the system specifications (A-Specifications), and reducing life-cycle cost of all SPY-6 radars to be fielded. The Government intends to compete requirements for breakouts of LRUs or subsystems via multiple delivery or task order within the IDIQ. Feedback is desired from industry on this strategy, the potential LRUs to be competed separately, and individual interest in each of the potential breakouts. Final Contract types have not yet been determined but may be fixed-price incentive, firm-fixed price, or some combination thereof, with the potential for other incentives to be determined. Currently the Government is interested in scheduling 1:1 discussions with industry companies that are interested in participation at the full subsystem level. Future opportunities will be available for interested subcontractor participation. SECTION 2: GENERAL INFORMATION Pursuant to FAR 52.215-3 this is a Request for Information (RFI) notice only. This RFI is for planning purposes and is issued solely for conducting market research in accordance with FAR Part 10. The Government is NOT seeking or accepting unsolicited proposals. This notice shall not be construed as a contract, a promise to contract, or a commitment of any kind by the Government. Specific responses will not disqualify or have an impact on participation and evaluation on future solicitations. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future solicitation. If a solicitation is issued in the future, it will be announced via the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) website and interested parties must comply with that announcement. It is the responsibility of interested parties to monitor SAM for additional information pertaining to this requirement. Any small businesses that believe they can accomplish this entire requirement should indicate their small business status (see FAR Part 19) in their response. PEO IWS 2.0 representatives may or may not choose to meet with RFI respondents. Such discussions would only be intended to get further clarification of potential capability to meet the requirements. Questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing via e-mail to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer’s email addresses (listed in Section 5 below). Verbal questions will not be accepted. Questions shall not contain classified information. SECTION 3: REQUIREMENTS OVERVIEW A brief overview of the SPY-6 variant mission requirements and array configuration is provided as follows: AN/SPY-6(V)1 is designed to meet mission performance and size, weight, and power – cooling (SWAP-C) requirements of the DDG-51 FLT III ships with AEGIS Baseline 10 (BL 10) combat system. The AN/SPY-6(V)1 will provide volume search, tracking, Ballistic Missile Defense (BMD) discrimination, and missile communications in a wide diversity of environments and conditions. This variant includes 37 Radar Modular Assemblies (RMAs) per array, each which contain independent transmit and receive LRUs and provide SPY +16 minimum sensitivity. There are 4 arrays per shipset. AN/SPY-6(V)2 is designed to meet Air Defense and Air Traffic Control mission performance and SWAP-C requirements of the CVN (Nimitz) class carriers, Landing Helicopter Assault (LHA) hulls, and Landing Platform/Dock (LPD) hulls. This variant includes a single array on a rotating platform, with 9 RMAs. AN/SPY-6(V)3 is designed to meet Air Defense and Air Traffic Control mission performance and size, weight, and power – cooling (SWAP-C) requirements of CVN (Ford) class carriers and will additionally provide engagement support for Future Frigate (FFG(X)) hulls. This variant includes 9 RMAs per array with 3 arrays per shipset. AN/SPY-6(V)4 is designed to meet mission performance and SWAP-C requirements of the DDG-51 FLT IIA ships with a variant of AEGIS Baseline 10 (BL 10) combat system, to be defined. The AN/SPY-6(V)4 will provide volume search, tracking, BMD discrimination, and missile communications in a wide diversity of environments and conditions. This variant includes 24 RMAs per array with 4 arrays per shipset. The notional shipset procurement schedule (including potential FY27-30 FMS) for the above SPY-6 variants is: SPY-6 Variant FY27 FY27 FY28 FY29 FY30 FY31 FY32 FY33 FY34 FY35 AN/SPY-6(V)1 2-6 2-4 2-4 2-4 2 2 2 2 2 2 AN/SPY-6(V)2 0-2 1-6 0-5 0-1 2 0 0 1 0 0 AN/SPY-6(V)3 1-3 2-3 1-4 1 2 1 1 0 0 1 AN/SPY-6(V)4 2 2-5 2-3 2-3 2 2 2 2 2 2 Unit Totals 5-13 7-18 5-16 6-9 8 5 5 5 4 5 Quantity Note: The Government is considering capturing potential FMS quantities in FY27-FY30 options on this future contract action, which drives the upper-range uncertainty. Multiple countries have expressed interest in procuring SPY-6 variants, but no formal FMS cases are in progress. There is potential for FMS quantities beyond FY30. USN quantities drive the lower end of the range and are stable through FY29, with increased potential for changes beyond. For context, the FY16-25 SPY-6 contract procurement schedules are as follows: SPY-6 Variant FY16 FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25 Totals AN/SPY-6(V)1 1 2 1 3 2 0 3 2 2 2 18 AN/SPY-6(V)2 0 0 0 0 4 0 2 2 2 0 10 AN/SPY-6(V)3 0 0 0 0 2 0 2 1 2 1 8 AN/SPY-6(V)4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 2 4 Unit Totals 1 2 1 3 8 0 7 6 7 5 40 The Government is interested in procuring SPY-6 radar LRUs from Offerors that have the following attributes: Have past experience developing and manufacturing complex radar systems or subsystems, including S-Band Radio Frequency (RF) electronics, digital communications networks, x86 processing nodes, high-voltage power distribution and conditioning systems, high-capacity cooling units, and array structures. Have demonstrated the ability to produce hardware units according to detailed technical data package materials provided to them. Experience teaming with industry partners for subsystem development Experience cooperating with other prime industry partners integrating complex systems. Experience maintaining fielded Navy hardware systems. The Government contemplates acquisition via the following separate delivery/task orders within the IDIQ for production: Digital Receiver/Exciter (DREX) LRUs Transmit/Receive Integrated Microwave Module (TRIMM) LRUs Prime Power Equipment (PPE) subsystems Production Integrator, including remainder of radar subsystem procurements Level-of-Effort Labor Hours/ODCs for Engineering Support Tasking as necessary via Technical Instruction SECTION 4: SUBMISSION OF RESPONSES The Government is not requiring written responses, although written responses will be accepted. The Government seeks to have a one-on-one discussion with each interested company that would participate as a prime contractor for one or more delivery orders to further discuss this RFI and receive industry responses. The Government also intends to schedule one or more virtual industry days in the future which would allow for participation of interested subcontractors as well as interested prime contractors. Responses to this RFI should be submitted by the closing date and time via e-mail to Spencer Bryant, Contract Specialist (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), and Tom Kostyo (thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil), with a copy to the Contracting Officer, Holly Danner (holly.r.danner.civ@us.navy.mil) SECTION 4.1: CONTENT Written responses are not required, with exception of a capability statement and request for a one-on-one meeting. Companies that submitted a capability statement to the previous RFI are not required to resubmit. Companies that optionally choose to respond to this RFI in writing should provide a response not to exceed thirty (30) pages. Cover Sheet, Company Profile, Table of Contents, and List of Abbreviations and Acronyms are exempt from the page limit. A detailed proposal is not requested. Responses should indicate sufficient detail for assessment of potential contracting strategies and company interest; submissions should be organized as follows: Cover Sheet - RFI number and name, address, company, technical point of contact, with printed name, title, email address, telephone number, and date Company Profile - Include the following information: Company Name Company Address Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code Point of Contact E-mail Address Website address Telephone Number Business Category (i.e., large, small disadvantaged, veteran, woman owned, etc.) Please advise if you would like to be publicly disclosed as an interested party through this FBO notice in an effort to foster industry teaming possibilities. Table of Contents, with list of figures and tables with page numbers General response information List of Abbreviations and Acronyms Product line brochures, catalog excerpts, etc. may be submitted and referenced within the general capability statement and are exempt from the page limit. The Government wishes to address the following questions in one-on-one sessions (any questions answered in the previous RFI do not need to be discussed again in one-on-ones unless information has changed): Do you have past experience procuring/producing Build to Print hardware? If so, are there any recommended lessons learned for the Government to incorporate into the contracting strategy? What manufacturing facilities does your organization have and what product lines have been developed in these facilities in the past? Do you see utility in the Government pursuing a multiple award strategy with break-outs of the radar subsystems? Are there additional strategies you would suggest or specific parameters you would suggest to increase your interest in competing? Would you prefer to bid on an entire SPY-6 system or a subset? If subset, which subsystem(s) or LRUs would you be interested in bidding? Do you believe there is utility in breaking out a different subset of components from the Government’s initial set? Would you be willing to compete on a multi-award IDIQ contract? In the event of breaking up the system into separate sources, the Government envisions a “production integrator” to produce any components from the TDP not separately sourced, The “production integrator” would also potentially support the Government in management of subsystem sources, and complete the remaining production scope (e.g. configuration management, planning, array integration and test). What considerations do you have for this role and how it would be contracted? Would this be a role your company is interested bidding for? If this role did not include other subsystem production, would your company be interested in competing? Is there a particular mix of subsystems that, when combined with this role, would make competing for this more enticing to your company? Would your company’s interest change if technology refresh scope were included? Would your company’s interest change if firmware, software, or any other development scope were included? What timeframes does your organization believe are appropriate for proposal preparation, and time from contract award to first production unit delivery? Please specify this timeline for each/any LRUs your company is interested in. What minimum time does your organization require with the TDP prior to submitting a proposal? Do you have suggestions for ways to reduce system cost other than through competition? What upgrades does your organization already have planned for manufacturing facilities? How would preparing for this competition change those plans? How would being awarded a contract change those plans? What flexibility does your organization have in production processes to adjust/adapt to increasing/decreasing number of production units? What near-field range (NFR) facilities does your organization own or have access to? What RF circuit card assembly facilities does your organization own or have access to? How much production capacity is available to support projected demand? If needed what approach would you take for increasing capacity? What manufacturing processes does your organization’s facilities support (e.g. surface mount technology (SMT), wire bond, etc)? What is your organization’s experience with non-hermetic Monolithic Microwave Integrated Circuit (MMIC) processing and assembly? If you are teaming, how would your organization manage subcontractors/teammates to ensure that the performance requirements are flowed down and met? Does your organization have the ability for the Government to procure additional parts on a Provisioned Items Order (PIO) for the use as spares? What would your organization recommend for production lead times to delivery of a system or subsystem(s) to a shipyard or land-based facility for each of the SPY-6 variants and why? Would the delivery date Months After Option Exercise (MAOE) decrease based on a learning curve over time? Would Delivery Date MAOE adjust based on the number of units, potentially similar and different variants, being exercised at the same time? Would your organization recommend procuring equipment in blocks or individually based on the needed Delivery Date? If recommendation is as a block, what is your recommendation for structuring the block so that it can adapt to the appropriate number of units? What support equipment and/or test assets would your organization utilize to support hardware production and quality assessments? If support equipment and/or test assets are required, would existing Contractor assets be available? If not, what would be your approach to obtain the equipment? Are there any cost/pricing considerations you would like to bring to the Government’s attention? Do you have any recommendations on the structure of the requirements or the overall contracting strategy that would reduce the total price? What performance incentive structure and growth would your organization recommend and why? Do the potential FMS quantities affect or change your answers to any of the above questions? Are there specific considerations you would like to raise with relation to the potential FMS units? If you’ve reviewed the GFI TDP, what additional data, if any, would your organization believe is necessary to successfully procure andproduce SPY-6 hardware? Respondents are solely responsible for properly marking and clearly identifying any proprietary information or trade secrets contained within their responses. The Government will not be liable, or suffer any consequential damages, for any proprietary information not properly marked and clearly identified. Proprietary information received in response to this RFI will be safeguarded and handled in accordance with applicable Government regulations. SECTION 4.2: CLASSIFICATION All materials submitted in response to this RFI should be UNCLASSIFIED. If a potential respondent believes submission of classified material is necessary or will provide a higher quality response, please contact Spencer Bryant, Contract Specialist (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), and Tom Kostyo (thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil), with a copy to the Contracting Officer, Holly Danner (holly.r.danner.civ@us.navy.mil). SECTION 4.3: FORMATTING (If optional written responses are provided) NAVSEA will accept ONLY electronic unclassified submission of responses. Respondents to this RFI must adhere to the following details: Submissions shall be single spaced, typed or printed in Times New Roman font with type no smaller than 12-point font. Pages should be 8 1/2 x 11 inches with a minimum of 1 inch margins around the page. Any text contained within tables, graphs, etc. should be 8-point Times New Roman font or larger. Included files should be created/prepared using Microsoft Office 2016 compatible applications. Graphics, photographs, and other data that may not be compatible with Microsoft Office 2016 should be submitted in Adobe Acrobat format. Submitted electronic files should be limited to the following extensions: .docx Microsoft Word .xlsx Microsoft Excel .pptx Microsoft PowerPoint .pdf Adobe Acrobat .mmpx Microsoft Project Submitted electronic files should not be compressed. SECTION 5: REQUESTING GOVERNMENT FURNISHED INFORMATION (GFI) The Government has established a Bidder’s Library with DRAFT TDP material. The Government anticipates additional RFIs/Industry Days with opportunities to comment on the GFI or amend RFI responses in the future. To obtain access to the Bidder’s Library, interested companies shall provide a current copy of their approved DD Form 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Agreement verifying eligibility and authority to receive export-controlled information. In addition, interested companies must complete the Terms of Use Agreement (Attachment 1 of this RFI). The DD Form 2345 and completed Terms of Use Agreement shall be submitted via email to Spencer Bryant, Contract Specialist (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), and Tom Kostyo (thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil), with a copy to the Contracting Officer, Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). Upon receipt and approval, the GFI will be provided. IMPORTANT: For purposes of this RFI, each company must be able to receive classified documents up to the SECRET level. However, the Government intends to include classified attachments at the TOP SECRET/SCI/U.S. only level included as part of any future solicitation. Therefore, prime contractors interested in bidding under any subsequent solicitation must be able to receive classified documents up to the TOP SECRET/SCI level and must be a United States (U.S.) company or an independent U.S. subsidiary. The Navy will consider foreign contractors acting as subcontractors to U.S. prime contractors. The export of defense articles, defense services, and related technical data is subject to the Arms Export Control Act and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and requires the issuance of an export license by the U.S. Department of State. Please make the request as soon as practicable as it may take several days for the Government to review and approve access to the documents.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alexander Gosnell
  - Email: alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027812446
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Spencer Bryant
  - Email: spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027814113

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of this RFI). The DD Form 2345 and completed Terms of Use Agreement shall be submitted via email to Spencer Bryant, Contract Specialist (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), and Tom Kostyo (thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil), with a copy to the Contracting Officer, Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). Upon receipt and approval, the GFI will be provided. IMPORTANT: For purposes of this RFI, each company must be able to receive classified documents up to the SECRET level. However, the Government intends to include classified attachments at the TOP SECRET/SCI/U.S. only level included as part of any future solicitation. Therefore, prime contractors interested in bidding under any subsequent solicitation must be able to receive classified documents up to the TOP SECRET/SCI level and must be a United States (U.S.) company or an independent U.S. subsidiary. The Navy will consider foreign contractors acting as subcontractors to U.S. prime contractors. The export of defense articles, defense services, and related technical data is subject to the Arms Export Control Act and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and requires the issuance of an export license by the U.S. Department of State. Please make the request as soon as practicable as it may take several days for the Government to review and approve access to the documents

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/663abd64e26c4fc8896b6a0221120cfa/view)