---
layout: default
title: FY27 City Pair Program Final RFP Amendment 0005
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 57702acad16d4fbdb5fcfd3ea909d34a
---

# FY27 City Pair Program Final RFP Amendment 0005

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 11:34:58.975-04
- Solicitation Number: 47QMCB26R0001

## Summary

Amendment 0005 to the FY27 City Pair Program FINAL RFP is issued to: 1) Transfer 844 line items from Group 2 to Group 3 (see attached spreadsheet for the list of specific markets). 2) Update the minimum requirements for the above referenced line items. 3) Provide an updated final version of Attachments 5 and 6. ****************************** Amendment 0004 to the FY27 City Pair Program FINAL RFP is issued to: 1) Transfer 147 line items from Group 1 to Groups 2 & 3 (see attached spreadsheet for the list of specific markets). 2) Update the minimum requirements for the above referenced line items. 3) Provide an updated final version of Attachments 4- 6. ****************************** Amendment 0003 to the FY27 City Pair Program FINAL RFP is to provide the Government's response to vendor submitted FINAL RFP questions. ****************************** Amendment 0002 is to provide a FINAL RFP along with the FINAL version of the attachments. The due date for Final RFP questions is Friday, February 13, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. All questions must be submitted using the GSA provided template (Attachment 7) and emailed to james.santini@gsa.gov and matthew.racchini@gsa.gov with a copy to onthego@gsa.gov. Questions received after the aforementioned deadline may not receive a response. GSA responses to Draft RFP questions will be posted to the FY27 City Pair Program solicitation notice at https://sam.gov/ on or around Friday, February 20, 2026. . The other scheduled deadlines are as follows: The due date for submission of Proposal Checklist items is Wednesday, March 4, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Offerors must upload electronically the signed SF1449, signed SF30 (for all RFP Amendments), and enter all information pertaining to the items listed in Attachment 1 Proposal Checklist via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 1 offers is Wednesday, March 4, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 2 offers is Friday, April 10, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 3 offers is Friday, April 24, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. ************************* Amendment 0001 to the FY27 City Pair Program DRAFT RFP is to provide the Government's response to vendor DRAFT RFP questions. A transcript from the FY27 Pre-Solicitation Conference, which was held on January 14, 2026, is also included in the attachments. ****************************** The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) is pleased to present the fiscal year (FY) 2027 DRAFT Solicitation for scheduled airline passenger transportation services, known as the City Pair Program (CPP). CPP is a mandatory use, government-wide program and this contract is to provide scheduled air passenger transportation service by certified United States air carriers, under 14 CFR Part 121, for various solicited domestic, international, and fifth freedom of the air line items. To be considered for a contract award, offerors must meet all solicitation requirements and possess all required certifications as defined in Section H of the RFP. The offeror must propose a fixed-price fare for scheduled air passenger transportation services as specified in the RFP in accordance with the same services the offeror provides commercially to the general public in scheduled service. The contract period of performance begins October 1, 2026, or Date of Award (whichever is later) through September 30, 2027, plus two (2) option periods as follows: Option 1: October 1, 2027 – November 30, 2027 Option 2: December 1, 2027 – December 31, 2027 This is ONLY a DRAFT RFP and the anticipated issue date of the Final Solicitation is Monday, February 9, 2026. The due date for Draft RFP questions is Tuesday, January 13, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. All questions must be submitted using the GSA provided template (Attachment 7) and emailed to james.santini@gsa.gov and matthew.racchini@gsa.gov with a copy to onthego@gsa.gov. Questions received after the aforementioned deadline may not receive a response. GSA responses to Draft RFP questions will be posted to the FY27 City Pair Program solicitation notice at https://sam.gov/ on or around Friday, January 23, 2026. GSA's City Pair Program (CPP) Office will be hosting a virtual FY27 Pre-Solicitation Conference on Wednesday, January 14, 2026 from 2:00 pm - 3:30 pm EST. A Meeting Link and Dial-In Number will be provided to all Interested Offerors. The other scheduled deadlines are as follows: The due date for submission of Proposal Checklist items is Wednesday, March 4, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Offerors must upload electronically the signed SF1449, signed SF30 (for all RFP Amendments), and enter all information pertaining to the items listed in Attachment 1 Proposal Checklist via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 1 offers is Wednesday, March 4, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 2 offers is Friday, April 10, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 3 offers is Friday, April 24, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Santini
  - Email: james.santini@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 2029697094
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Racchini
  - Email: matthew.racchini@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 2029697938

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: and emailed to james.santini@gsa.gov and matthew.racchini@gsa.gov with a copy to onthego@gsa.gov. Questions received after the aforementioned deadline may not receive a response. GSA responses to Draft RFP questions will be posted to the FY27 City Pair Program solicitation notice at https://sam.gov/ on or around Friday, February 20, 2026. . The other scheduled deadlines are as follows: The due date for submission of Proposal Checklist items is Wednesday, March 4, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Offerors must upload electronically the signed SF1449, signed SF30 (for all RFP Amendments), and enter all information pertaining to the items listed in Attachment 1 Proposal Checklist via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 1 offers is Wednesday, March 4, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 2 offers is Friday, April 10, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 3 offers is Friday, April 24, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. ************************* Amendment 0001 to the FY27 City Pair Program DRAFT RFP is to provide the Government"s response to vendor DRAFT RFP questions. A transcript from the FY27 Pre-Solicitation Conference, which was held on January 14, 2026, is also included in the attachments. ****************************** The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) is pleased to present the fiscal year (FY) 2027 DRAFT Solicitation for scheduled airline passenger transportation services, known as the City Pair Program (CPP). CPP is a mandatory use, government-wide program and this contract is to provide scheduled air passenger transportation service by certified United States air carriers, under 14 CFR Part 121, for various solicited domestic, international, and fifth freedom of the air line items. To be considered for a contract award, offerors must meet all solicitation requirements and possess all required certifications as defined in Section H of the RFP. The offeror must propose a fixed-price fare for scheduled air passenger transportation services as specified in the RFP in accordance with the same services the offeror provides commercially to the general public in scheduled service. The contract period of performance begins October 1, 2026, or Date of Award (whichever is later) through September 30, 2027, plus two (2) option periods as follows: Option 1: October 1, 2027 – November 30, 2027 Option 2: December 1, 2027 – December 31, 2027 This is ONLY a DRAFT RFP and the anticipated issue date of the Final Solicitation is Monday, February 9, 2026. The due date for Draft RFP questions is Tuesday, January 13, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. All questions must be submitted using the GSA provided template (Attachment 7) and emailed to james.santini@gsa.gov and matthew.racchini@gsa.gov with a copy to onthego@gsa.gov. Questions received after the aforementioned deadline may not receive a response. GSA responses to Draft RFP questions will be posted to the FY27 City Pair Program solicitation notice at https://sam.gov/ on or around Friday, January 23, 2026. GSA"s City Pair Program (CPP) Office will be hosting a virtual FY27 Pre-Solicitation Conference on Wednesday, January 14, 2026 from 2:00 pm - 3:30 pm EST. A Meeting Link and Dial-In Number will be provided to all Interested Offerors. The other scheduled deadlines are as follows: The due date for submission of Proposal Checklist items is Wednesday, March 4, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Offerors must upload electronically the signed SF1449, signed SF30 (for all RFP Amendments), and enter all information pertaining to the items listed in Attachment 1 Proposal Checklist via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 1 offers is Wednesday, March 4, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 2 offers is Friday, April 10, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS. The due date for submission of Group 3 offers is Friday, April 24, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. Technical and Price Proposals must be submitted via CALM CPSS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/57702acad16d4fbdb5fcfd3ea909d34a/view)