---
layout: default
title: SPE4A726Q0474,6680005264435,INDICATOR,LIQUID QU,EA148ANH-70
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f86b401710144968abb0af4b0c0429c9
---

# SPE4A726Q0474,6680005264435,INDICATOR,LIQUID QU,EA148ANH-70

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 12:59:00.381-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE4A726Q0474

## Summary

A request for quote (RFQ), will be issued. A copy of the solicitation will be issued via the DLA Internet Bid Board System (DIBBS). The item is sole source to Simmonds Precision Products, Inc. The item is covered by a Class Justification and Approval for Other Than Full and Open Competition. Approved Source: Simmonds Precision Products, Inc. Cage: 89305 P/N: EA148ANH-70 NSN: 6680005264435 Item: INDICATOR,LIQUID QU Item Application: Aircraft, Stratolifter C/KC-135 Quantity: 128 each Requested Delivery: 699 Days COTS: Yes Surge: No CSI: No Options: None Inspection & Acceptance: Destination FOB: Origin The proposed contract action is for supplies for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.1. Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within fifteen days after date of publication of this synopsis/solicitation will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. One or more of the items under this acquisition may be subject to Agreement on Government Procurement approved and implemented in the United States by the Trade Agreements Act of 1979. All offers shall be in English language and in U.S. Dollars. All interested supplier may submit an offer. Specifications, plans, or drawings related to the procurement described are not available and cannot be furnished by the Government. The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. In accordance with 10 U. S. C. 2304 (c) (1), other than full and open competition applies. Conditions for evaluation and acceptance of offers for part numbered items cited in the acquisition identification description (AID). This agency has no data available for evaluating the acceptability of alternate products offered. In addition, clause 52.217- 9002 has been replaced by procurement notices M06 and L04 which can be found at https://www.dla.mil/Acquisition/Policy-and-Directives/ Surplus dealers and small business dealers and distributors are invited to respond to this synopsis. The response should include a completed surplus certificate, DLAD 52.211-9000, which has been replaced by Procurement Note C04, or adequate traceability documentation to show product is acceptable. DLA will consider all such responses and may alter the acquisition strategy if purchase of existing surplus or newly manufactured inventory through a dealer is in the best interests of the government. This acquisition is being conducted on an all-or none basis. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is SPE4A7-26-Q-0474 issued as a request for quote (RFQ). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2005-75, dated June 24, 2014. This acquisition is unrestricted; no set-aside applies. Solicitation line item: See information above. Requirements for the items to be acquired: The only acceptable manufacturing source for this item is Simmonds Precision Products, Inc., Cage 89305. Dates and places of delivery will vary according to lead time and stock position at DLA warehouses. The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items, applies. A best-value award determination will be made with price and past performance utilizing the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) receiving approximately equal weighting and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. An offeror must include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items, with the offer. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following additional clauses have been determined by the contracting officer to be necessary for this acquisition. If Simmonds Precision Products, Inc., Cage 89305 does not appear to be best value for any part upon evaluation of offers, such part(s) removed from this solicitation and may be re-solicited separately. Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rating DO-C9 apply to items that are not commercial off-the-shelf (COTS). No DPAS rating applies to COTS items. The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation utilizing the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS). All responsible sources may submit an offer that will be considered. You must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). SAM registration is at http://www.sam.gov The date, time and place offers are due by email to Renee.Wassum@dla.mil by 3:00 PM Eastern Standard Time, on March 30, 2026. The name of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation is: Buyer Name: Reneé Wassum Email: Renee.Wassum@dla.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Renee Wassum
  - Email: Renee.Wassum@dla.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f86b401710144968abb0af4b0c0429c9/view)