---
layout: default
title: Mobile Rack Maintenance and inspections
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 85fb03e425754ca6ba796427c3aaa428
---

# Mobile Rack Maintenance and inspections

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 15:41:49.665-04
- Solicitation Number: W911SD26QA074

## Summary

This is a sources sought notice to find capable vendors that can provide maintenance and inspections for the United States Military Academy's Mobile Rack System. This is not a solication for quotes. 1. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS - The contractor shall provide all labor, travel, materials, parts, equipment, and supervision necessary to perform Quarterly Preventive Maintenance and Inspection service and required unscheduled maintenance on the Mobile Racking System located in Building 917, U.S. Military Academy, West Point, N.Y. in accordance with the terms of the contract. 1.1. The contractor shall perform repairs so that the movable racking systems are fully operational and incorporates safety bumper/strike rebound hardware, ground level operator control panels, fully secured junction boxes, flexible conduits and electrical cables to operate all movable units at proper load bearing capacities and speeds, to include mobile travel and safety stops. The contractor shall ensure that the movable racking systems are in full compliance with OSHA. 2. INSPECTION CHECK LIST – Contractor shall provide for information purposes a Mobile Racking System Inspection Checklist for each system. 3. WORK HOURS- Standard operating hours of the Cadet Supply Warehouse is 0730 - 1630, Monday-Friday, excluding Federal holidays. All repairs must be completed during these timeframes and shall not require the government to alter normal operating hours unless specifically requested and/or authorized by the COR in official written correspondence. 4. WARRANTY – Standard Industry warranty or better on all parts and labor shall be included. 5. PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE INSPECTION - REPAIRS - The contractor shall perform quarterly preventive inspections, repairs and maintenance. 5.1. At no additional cost to the Government, the contractor will provide and install all parts typical with Mobile Racking System Preventive Maintenance regimen. 5.2. If necessary, within 5 business days of completion of each quarterly service, the contractor will provide a written report via official email to the Contract Officer’s Representative (COR) on the systems, to include replacement recommendations of parts that fall out of industry standard Preventive Maintenance that could lead to potential or actual failures. Complete part information is required, including sources, so the government may adjudicate the need for further maintenance. 6. PARTS OBSOLESENCE - The contractor shall notify the COR in the event any part is in jeopardy of becoming obsolete. The contractor shall attempt every reasonable effort and method to source comparable This notification shall be immediate upon the contractor learning of the potential part unavailability. 7. EMERGENCY REPAIRS & REPAIRS IN ADDITION TO QUARTERLY PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE- Unscheduled Repair work to the Mobile Racking systems, if deemed necessary by the government in addition to quarterly preventative maintenance, may only be accomplished under this purchase order when the work does not exceed the amount for the applicable Emergency Repair CLIN(S). Repair work to the Mobile Racking system, if deemed necessary by the government in addition to quarterly preventative maintenance and emergency repair, may only be accomplished under this purchase order after issuance of a signed and funded modification by the Contracting Officer. 8. RESPONSE TIME – IAW PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS SUMMARY TABLE 9. APPLICABLE 9.1. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) 26 CFR 1910 NYS DOT Manual of Uniform Traffic Control Devices PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS SUMMARY PRS. The rights of the Government and remedies described in this PRS are in addition to other rights and remedies set forth in the contract. 9.2. The Performance Requirements Summary table lists the Required Services (RS), the standard of performance by which the Government will measure contractor performance, the allowable degree of deviation from perfect performance, the primary surveillance methods the Government will use to evaluate the Contractor’s performance in meeting the contract requirements, and the method which will be used to determine the amount of deduction from the maximum payment. 9.3. Surveillance Methods. The primary method of surveillance the Government will use to evaluate the contractor’s performance is provided in the PRS table. The Government is not restricted to using only the method shown. The Government may supplement and/or modify the primary surveillance method and frequency of inspections as it deems necessary via the bilateral modification process. 9.4. Valid Customer Complaints. Customer Complaints constitute a surveillance method based on customer awareness and satisfaction and is mainly used to supplement other surveillance methods. Customers familiar with contract requirements notify the Government when there is a case of poor performance or nonperformance. Upon notification, the Government investigates the report and, if valid, documents the performance problem, notifies the contractor and the Contracting Officer. 9.5. Contractor Self-Reporting. The contractor provides a weekly, or as often as necessary, update to the designated government representative on progress made towards meeting the documented maintenance issues.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shawn Valastro
  - Email: shawn.m.valastro.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/85fb03e425754ca6ba796427c3aaa428/view)