---
layout: default
title: Directed Energy Technology Experimentation Research (DETER) Advanced Research Announcement (ARA) Open Announcement
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d2b3e193a3f84ea89aa086a78e8c67aa
---

# Directed Energy Technology Experimentation Research (DETER) Advanced Research Announcement (ARA) Open Announcement

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 12:06:49.925-04
- Solicitation Number: FA9451-21-S-0001

## Summary

ADVANCED RESEARCH ANNOUNCEMENT (ARA) FA9451-21-S-0001 Directed Energy Technology Experimentation Research (DETER) Air Force Research Laboratory/Directed Energy Directorate NAICS Code: The NAICS Code for this acquisition is 541715 for Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Nanotechnology and Biotechnology), and the small business size standard is 1,000 employees Federal Agency Name: Air Force Research Laboratory, Directed Energy, Phillips Research Site, Kirtland AFB NM (AFRL/RD) ARA Title: Directed Energy Technology Experimentation Research Announcement (DETER) ARA Type: This is an Open ARA with Calls; initial announcement ARA Number: FA9451-21-S-0001 Program Summary: This is an Open ARA announcement pursuant to the authority of 10 U.S.C. §4023 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2373). AFRL/RD is interested in receiving white papers and proposals through a Two-Step Process to perform research and development (R&D), modeling and simulation (M&S), design, component/subsystem, prototype risk reduction, fabrication/purchase, assembly, integration, and testing of directed energy source components (to include spares and alternate component technologies), and/or systems and any required accessories, materials, and supplies for laboratory research and experimentation and field trials in a relevant environment to demonstrate system capabilities. Dialogue between prospective Offerors and Government representatives is strongly encouraged. *Note: AFRL/RD reserves the right to collapse a white paper/Two-Step into a One-Step if the situation warrants the white paper contains sufficient technical detail to do full technical proposal evaluation instead of white paper evaluation. *Please see the attached DETER Industry User Guide for guidance on definitions, processes, submission requirements and evaluation criteria.* Background: AFRL/RD equips the joint warfighter with next-generation technologies, advanced concepts, and weapon system options across all operational domains to become more agile and increase the commercialization potential of directed energy investments to ensure the National defense. This solicitation intends to use acquisition authorities provided by 10 U.S.C. §4023 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2373). This authority applies to acquisition of items related to “…buy demonstrations, prototypes, products, supplies, parts, accessories, auxiliary services, and design for products or services, that the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary concerned considers necessary for experimental or test purposes in the development of the best supplies that are needed for the national defense.” Consequently, white papers and proposals should address how the proposed effort provides benefits to the national defense and a strategy for verifying those intended benefits. The proposed solutions should be innovative and substantially improve national defense capabilities across the domains of directed energy. While the Government describes discrete topic areas below, it also anticipates that certain comprehensive technology solutions and prototypes may require multidiscipline approaches that address two or more topic areas. The topic areas are covered under this announcement, which may be used in any combination. The Government reserves the right to add, delete or modify the topic areas as necessary. Communication between Prospective Offerors and Government Representatives: Dialogue between prospective Offerors and Government representatives is strongly encouraged throughout the life of this ARA. However, communication will be limited once full-proposals are submitted for evaluation/review. Prospective Offerors are welcome to request sit-downs and provide demonstrations of their capabilities. Discussions shall not constitute a commitment by the Government to subsequently fund or award any proposed effort. No guidance related to technical approach will be given. However, questions related to the objectives of the effort or prior similar efforts may be answered. Offerors are advised that only Contracting Officers are legally authorized to contractually bind or otherwise commit the Government. THIS WILL BE A HYBRID ANNOUNCEMENT: This announcement has an open request for white papers as described below. Calls may be issued under this announcement for discrete requirements. Call types can vary and may include, but are not limited to, One-Step, Two-Step, Open, Closed, Staggered, Limited Calls or any combination therein. AFRL/RD reserves the right to collapse a white paper/Two-Step into a One-Step if the situation warrants the white paper contains sufficient technical detail to do full technical proposal evaluation instead of white paper evaluation. Open Announcement Request: AFRL/RD Kirtland Air Force Base is soliciting white papers on the research effort described in the below topic areas pursuant to the authority of 10 U.S.C. §4023 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2373), Procurement for Experimental Purposes. Open Announcement Submission: White papers must be submitted to https://usg.valideval.com/teams/DETER/signup. If it is determined that a classified white paper is required, please DO NOT DELIVER any classified portion of the white paper, but rather contact the DETER Org Mailbox for specific delivery instructions. Further instructions for white paper submission can be found in the DETER Industry User Guide attached to this announcement. Call Request: Calls, other than Limited Calls, will be issued under this announcement via the Government Point of Entry (GPE) at https://beta.sam.gov. Notification of Calls may be announced on other platforms (i.e. www.grants.gov) and will direct Offerors to the GPE for full solicitation details. Call Submission: Submission requirements for Calls will be specified in the solicitation documentation of each Call. Call Variations: Variations of the ARA Call process are available for use. The following types are commonly used, but are not considered all inclusive. One-Step: The one-step process is used to request full technical and cost proposals from each Offeror. The proposals are reviewed in accordance with the solicitation criteria and typically all of a selected proposal, part of a selected proposal, or none of the proposals may be selected for award. Two-Step: The two-step process is sometimes used when a large number of proposals are anticipated. Potential Offerors are invited to submit brief descriptive white papers in lieu of full proposals. The Call must state whether an unfavorable white paper review will bar the Offeror from further consideration. The Government may retain unselected white papers for a specific period of time, which will be identified in the solicitation. Full proposals are requested from those Offerors selected in the white paper review process. After proposals are received, they are reviewed consistent with the process for one-step ARAs. Open Call: This approach allows for white paper and/or proposal submittals at any time within a specified period. Open calls will be updated no less frequently than annually. White papers/proposals are reviewed when received during the period that the ARA is open. Closed Call: This approach allows for white paper and/or proposal submittals at a specified date and time as set forth in the ARA. Staggered-Closed Call: The staggered-closed Call states a specified date and time for receipt of proposals or white papers, but also allows for proposals/white papers after the date and time set for proposal receipt. All Offerors should be cautioned, however, that the likelihood of funding proposals received after the specified date and time is substantially reduced. Limited Call: This approach allows for solicitation to a limited group of potential offerors. Request for Proposals (RFP) or Requests for white papers will be issued directly to potential offerors without a requirement to publish to the GPE. The Government may issue solicitations that combine one or more of the above approaches. Open Announcement Modifications: Due to the dynamically evolving nature of US warfighter directed energy needs, this announcement is subject to updates, revisions, or additional topic areas. Therefore, Offerors are highly encouraged to continually monitor https://beta.sam.gov to ensure they receive the latest guidance for this announcement. The Government shall provide updates to this announcement no less than annually. Updates may include changes to: topic areas, submission requirements, administrative changes, evaluation criteria, solicitation methods, etc. (not an inclusive list). Type of Contract/Instrument: The Air Force reserves the right to award the instrument best suited to the nature of the research proposed. Accordingly, the Government may award any appropriate contract/instrument type under the authorities below: Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 10 U.S.C. §4021 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2371) "Other Transaction for Research 10 U.S.C. §4022 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2371b) "Other Transaction for Prototype" 10 U.S.C. §4023 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2373) "Procurement for Experimental Purposes" 10 U.S.C. §4025 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2374) "Prize Competitions" DoD Grant and Agreement Regulation (DoDGARS) The Government anticipates that a mix of contract/instrument types will be used throughout the life of this ARA. Generally, awards under this announcement or any Calls may be Cost-Plus-Fixed Fee (Completion and Term), Cost Contract, Firm Fixed Price, Other Transaction Authority, etc. NOTE: If proposing a Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) type contract, the FAR clauses will be referenced at the Call level or within the Request for Proposal. The FAR and supplement provisions and clauses are incorporated by reference. The full text of these provisions and clauses can be found at https://www.acquisition.gov. If proposing an assistance instrument (grants or cooperative agreements) then articles and guidance found under DoDGARS, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) and OMB/DoD Policy shall be used and followed as appropriate. If proposing an Other Transaction (OT) these FAR references and clauses would not apply. The terms and conditions of an OT agreement should be developed and negotiated on a case-by-case basis. Estimated Program Cost: The overarching announcement has an unrestricted ceiling. However, individual Calls may elect to provide an estimated program value or funding profile for planning purposes. Anticipated Number of Awards: The Air Force anticipates awarding multiple awards for this announcement. However, the Air Force reserves the right to award zero, one, or more agreements, other transactions, or contracts for all, some or none of the solicited effort based on the Offeror’s ability to perform desired work and funding availability. There is no limit on the number of awards that may be made to an individual Offeror. Schedule: The anticipated period of performance will be determined through dialogue between prospective Offerors and Government representatives for each topic area and specified in each individual award. Deliverables: Hardware and software deliverables will be specified within a separately priced line items and data deliverables will be specified on individual CDRL(s) in any resultant contract or an OT article. Within Scope Award Modifications: Offerors are advised that due to the inherent uncertainty of research and development efforts, awards resulting from this announcement may be modified during performance to make within scope changes, to include but not limited to, modifications which increase overall contract/award ceiling amount. System for Award Management (SAM) Registration: Before the Government can issue an award, an Offeror must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). If an Offeror was previously registered in Central Contractor Registration (CCR), the information has been transferred to SAM. However, it is in the Offeror’s interest to visit SAM and ensure that all of their data is up to date from SAM and other databases to avoid delay in award. SAM replaced CCR, Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA), and the Excluded Parties List System (EPLS). SAM allows firms interested in conducting business with the federal government to provide basic information on business capabilities and financial information. To register, visit https://www.sam.gov. Science & Technology (S&T) Program Protection [Summary Only -- See Attached Industry Guide for full details]: Offerors are notified that completion of a S&T Program Protection review with an acceptable risk determination is required for all awards issued under this ARA. To reach an acceptable risk level, Offerors may be asked to provide a mitigation plan for any identified S&T Protection risks. Offerors selected for a potential award will be required to submit: 1.) SF424 "Research and Related Senior and Key Person Profile," 2.) Security Program Questionnaire and 3.) Privacy Act Statement. The (3) template documents are attached to this announcement. The Government reserves the right to determine an Offeror unawardable based on an unacceptable S&T Protection risk determination. During the security review process, if it is determined that Covered Individuals are identified as potentially having a conflict of interest/commitment, the Government will not award the contract/agreement. Announcement Period: The overarching announcement has no end date and is considered to be in effect until further closed or rescinded. Submit all questions to the DETER Org Mailbox (AFRL.DETER.ARA@us.af.mil) NOTE: Call Points of Contact will be specified at the Call level. ? TOPIC AREAS 1. Directed Energy (DE) Sources This category of supplies covers research, development and testing for all directed energy sources in the near-term and far-term in support of National Defense. This area covers the design, component/subsystem, prototype risk reduction, fabrication/purchase, assembly, integration, and testing of directed energy source components (to include spares and alternate component technologies), and/or systems and any required accessories, materials, and supplies for laboratory research and experimentation and field trials in a relevant environment to demonstrate system capabilities. Systems may also be hardened to meet specific requirements imposed for operations in any domain to include ground/sea, airborne, and/or space. This area also covers the redesign, refurbishment, modification, and/or upgrade of existing sources, if required, to support laboratory experimentation, field or flight trials, and/or demonstrations. Examples of directed energy sources include, but are not limited to: a. Laser Sources b. High Power Electromagnetic (HPEM) Sources 2. Acquisition Tracking Pointing (ATP), Beam Control (BC) and Atmospheric Compensation (AC) Systems This area covers the design, component/subsystem prototype risk reduction, fabrication/purchase, assembly, integration, and testing of any hardware, sensors, control electronics, and software/firmware required to develop ATP, BC and AC systems to control the propagation of directed energy so as to maximize energy/irradiance on target. This area also includes any required accessories, materials, supplies, and/or services necessary to conduct laboratory experimentation and field trials in a relevant environment to demonstrate system capabilities. Systems may also be hardened to meet specific requirements imposed for operations in any domain to include ground/sea, airborne, and/or space. 3. DE Weapon Systems This area covers the design, component/subsystem prototype risk reduction, fabrication/purchase, assembly, integration, and testing of DE weapon components and systems, diagnostics, accessories, materials, supplies, and services necessary to build/integrate complete weapon systems for laboratory research, experimentation and field trials in a relevant environment to demonstrate system capabilities. Systems may also be hardened to meet specific requirements imposed for operations in any domain to include ground/sea, airborne, and/or space. Systems engineering design/analysis and/or trade studies are relevant in regards to size, weight, and power (SWAP). Specific topics of interest include the following areas: a. Feasibility studies of innovative HPEM applications b. Integration of disparate technologies for the fielding of new HPEM systems and weapons c. Identification and quantification of useful -HPEM effects d. Development of HPEM sources that have a role in future applications e. system integration and demonstration of future HPEM capabilities f. Power subsystems g. Thermal Management subsystems h. Command and control subsystems i. Platform integration j. Detection, targeting and tracking subsystems k. DOTmLPF-P studies and experimentation l. CONOPS, CONEMPS, TTP development and experimentation m. Performance enhancement technologies for existing systems 4. DE Effects Testing Provide testing of materials, components, subsystems, and systems to determine the vulnerability, susceptibility, and accessibility of potential DE targets to DE exposure. This includes the design, component/subsystem prototype risk reduction, fabrication/purchase, assembly, integration, and testing of unique DE components, sources, and systems and any required diagnostic and/or special test equipment/tooling and materials necessary to conduct DE-material interaction physics experimentation to establish the efficacy of DE waveforms to support the development of DE weapons system requirements and/or assessment of proposed DE weapon systems. Develop survivability requirements and recommendations for space systems and support vulnerability predictions. 5. Modeling, Simulation and Analysis (MS&A) This area covers the development/procurement, testing, maintenance, modification, upgrade/reuse, and execution of scientific modeling, simulation and analysis software and requisite IT hardware systems necessary to efficiently execute software to support DE weapon system design, development, testing, and data analysis of test results. This includes campaign-level, engagement-level, system, and component-level MS&A codes to create test scenarios, assess design reference mission compliance, provide pre-test predictions, and conduct post-test assessment of system performance. In addition, sound principles for software engineering and development must be employed for all developed software and documentation. Robust software testing, validation, and verification are critical to software development efforts. As appropriate, software must scale to large simulation sizes and be portable to massively parallel computer architecture. MS&A software may include fast running engineering codes and detailed physics modeling codes. Examples of MS&A sub-topic areas include, but are not limited to: a. DE System Performance MS&A b. DE System Effects MS&A c. DE System Target Assessment d. DE System Biosafety and Biological Effects e. DE Source and Component Virtual Design f. Satellite signatures and Radiometric/photometric assessments of space objects. g. Assess electro-optical Space Domain Awareness (SDA) systems and architectures. h. Space system functional modeling and response i. Conduct Space Domain Awareness in non-traditional orbits j. Quantify safe operating conditions for lasers operating through the atmosphere and space 6. Wargaming This area covers the development/procurement, testing, maintenance, modification, upgrade/reuse, and execution of wargaming and scientific modeling, simulation and analysis software and their requisite IT hardware systems necessary to efficiently execute this software to support DE weapon system design, development, testing, and data analysis of wargaming results. This includes campaign-level, engagement-level, system, and component-level wargaming MS&A codes to create test scenarios, assess design reference mission compliance, provide pre-test predictions, and conduct post-test assessment of system performance. In addition, sound principles for software engineering and development must be employed for all developed software and documentation. Robust software testing, validation, and verification are critical to software development efforts. As appropriate, software must scale to large wargaming and simulation sizes and be portable to massively parallel computer architecture. Wargaming MS&A software may include fast running engineering codes and detailed physics modeling codes. Additionally, the wargaming area should provide general wargaming support to include DE wargame planning, table top, MS&A, and field execution, and wargame reporting. In addition, provide required hardware, software/firmware, accessories, materials, supplies, infrastructure, diagnostics, targets, safety equipment, and services necessary to conduct wargame research, experiments, field and/or range testing of DE components, subsystems, systems and demonstrations under operationally relevant conditions. 7. Innovative Space Domain Awareness Provide basic & applied research, algorithms, software/firmware, materials, supplies, and services necessary to conduct technology maturation for ground-based surveillance of space objects. Examples include, but are not limited to: a. Closely-spaced object detection and characterization. b. Daytime detection and custody of satellites. c. Orbit determination techniques and algorithms for satellites significantly affected by lunar and solar gravity. d. Rapid, on-demand orbit determination. e. Extremely wide field-of-view image exploitation for satellite discovery and custody. f. Multi-phenomenology sensor integration (e.g. optical, radar, passive radiofrequency). g. Active optical techniques for satellite ranging and characterization (e.g. LiDAR, LADAR). h. Sharp imaging of satellites through the atmosphere at low elevation angles. i. Characterization of atmospheric deep turbulence for image restoration. j. Techniques, algorithms, architecture designs, etc. for collaborative autonomous telescope networks. k. Multispectral, hyperspectral, and polarimetric characterization of space objects. l. Techniques to improve and exploit short- and long-wave infrared characterization of space objects. m. Machine learning algorithms to advance the state-of-the-art in areas such as: • Point spread function correction. • Space object image classification using resolved or non-resolved sensor imagery. • Uncorrelated track association. • Space object feature identification, model inference, and attitude regression. • Space object detection in noisy image backgrounds. • Generation of realistic space scene imagery / discernment of real vs. synthetic. • Detection of subtle, unique image artefacts of interest in a large dataset. 8. Experiments, Testing and Demonstrations Provide general and specialized test support to include DE test planning, laboratory and field demonstration, and reporting. Provide required hardware, software/firmware, accessories, materials, supplies, infrastructure, diagnostics, targets, safety equipment, and services necessary to conduct testing of DE components, subsystems, systems, and demonstrations under operationally relevant conditions. 9. Laboratory Materials, Supplies and Services in Support of Experimentation Provide required ancillary support systems, equipment, materials, supplies, infrastructure, and services necessary to support the development, operation, maintenance, and testing required to evaluate DE through experimentation in the laboratory and field during trials or flight/range testing. Examples include, but are not limited to: a. Clean rooms, anechoic chambers and necessary equipment, materials, supplies and/or services to support all aspects of DE source development, laboratory experimentation, and field trials. b. Diagnostic and/or special test equipment/tooling required for: • Quality assurance of components used in the fabrication of DE sources • Damage assessments and root cause analysis of component, subsystem and system failures • Characterization of target physical, chemical, and electromagnetic properties • Fabrication, assembly, integration, testing, operation and maintenance of DE sources • Direct/indirect measurements of DE source performance c. Power systems required to operate the source and any required ancillary equipment or services necessary to install, operate and/or maintain these systems d. Unique chemicals to operate, clean, and/or maintain direct energy systems and/or laboratory facilities used for directed energy experimentation as well as any required materials, accessories or services required for safe storage, use, operations, and proper disposal of any hazardous materials e. Thermal management components and systems, to include system-level and facility-level systems, necessary to support safe operations of DE sources. This includes materials, supplies, accessories, services and/or any support required for safe operations and maintenance of the system as well as proper disposal of hazardous materials/waste. f. Any required safety related items necessary to fabricate, assemble, integrate, test, operate and maintain directed energy sources. g. Transportation: This area covers all transportation, to and from, various research facilities and sites to conduct field and/or flight experimentation, testing and/or trials of directed energy components, sub-systems and systems and demonstrations. This includes such items as associated support/handling equipment, special test equipment/tooling, spares, and diagnostic/testing equipment. Specialized transportation requirements may include: design, fabrication and/or purchase of specialized packaging, crating, enclosures, trailers, and/or vehicles from which the transported item(s) will be operated/maintained to conduct experimentation, testing and/or trials outside of traditional laboratory spaces. Additionally, this area covers aspects of safe transportation to and from remote field locations, Department of Defense test ranges, and installations in support of field and/or flight experimentation, testing and/or trials. ***UPDATES AS OF 09 DEC 2021*** a) DETER Industry User Guide, Amendment 02 update to Section 2.b., White Papers shall be submitted using the following link https://usg.valideval.com/teams/DETER/signuppapers update to Section 2.c.2. b) DETER White Paper Cover Sheet, Attachment 1, Amendment 1 ***UPDATES AS OF 06 JAN 2022*** Corrects the Valid Eval web address in the Open Announcement description above From: https://usg.valideval.com/teams/DETER/signuppapers To: https://usg.valideval.com/teams/DETER/signup ***UPDATES AS OF 11 AUG 2022*** a.) Update Statute Renumbering throughout DETER ARA and Industry Guide 10 U.S.C. §4021 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2371) "Other Transaction for Research 10 U.S.C. §4022 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2371b) "Other Transaction for Prototype" 10 U.S.C. §4023 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2373) "Procurement for Experimental Purposes" 10 U.S.C. §4025 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2374) "Prize Competitions" b.) Update DETER Contracting Points of Contact Primary: Mr. Bill Sherrod, AFRL/RDK c.) Include Requirement for Science & Technology (S&T) Program Protection ALL PROPOSAL RESPONSES (NOT REQUIRED FOR WHITE PAPER SUBMISSION) ARE REQUIRED TO SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING WITH ALL RESPONSES: 1.) A SF424 (Research and Related Senior/Key Person Profile)(See Attachments), and 2.) Completed Program Security Questionnaire (See Attachments) 3.) Privacy Act Statement (See Attachments) d.) Request for 500 Word Abstract on White Paper Submissions Offerors shall include a short 500 word abstract as a part of the white paper narrative that broadly describes the fundamental intent of the proposed effort along with the intended approach. e.) Duplicate White Paper Submissions Offerors advised that duplicate White Paper submissions within the same 12 month timeframe will NOT be separately evaluated. Please do NOT submit duplicate White Paper submissions within the same 12 month period. ***UPDATES AS OF 08 OCT 2024*** a.) SUMMARY OF AWARDS: Below is a summary of all awards made from inception (8 Feb 2021) to date (08 Oct 2024), under the DETER ARA: 1.) CALLS: 15 Calls have been issued or are in progress 13 awards have been issued or are in progress, with a combined value of $188M 2.) WHITE PAPER OPEN ANNOUNCEMENT: 193 White Papers have been received 32 Awards have been issued or are in progress, with a combined value of $165M b.) UPDATED EVALUATION RUBRIC: Slight changes have been made to the evaluation rubric, which can be found under the attached "Valid Eval Rubric (Version 2.0)". The updated evaluation rubric will be used for all white paper and proposal evaluations effective immediately. c.) AFRL DIRECTED ENERGY -- VIRTUAL INDUSTRY DAY: Date: Wednesday, 6 Nov 2024 Location: Virtual Only (Tentative platform: Microsoft Teams Conference) Schedule: 0900-1000 RDL Laser Division Q&A Session 1000-1100 RDS Space Electro-Optics Q&A Session 1300-1400 RDH High Power Electro-Magnetics Q&A Session 1400-1500 RDM Modeling, Simulation & Wargaming Q&A Session Discussion Level: Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Participants are required to have a current and active DD Form 2345 to access or participate in any virtual Q&A session Registered participants may attend one, some or all of the Q&A sessions REGISTRATION LINK: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/h8zZpZdnhT Registration closes Wednesday, 30 Oct 24 at 1700 MT. After the registration form is submitted, AFRL will verify the status of the DD Form 2345 and will send a confirmation email that the registration is complete. A subsequent email will be sent no later than 4 Nov 2024 with the links to the Q&A session. ***UPDATES AS OF 22 NOV 2024*** Incorporated updated Science & Technology (S&T) Program Protection guidance above (Summary Only) and under the attached Industry Guide (Full Details). Incorporate "Privacy Act Statement" as additional Attachment. ***UPDATES AS OF 13 JAN 2026*** Updated 10 USC 4023 language in the Background section to reflect the NDAA FY26 language as below: This authority applies to acquisition of items related to “…buy demonstrations, prototypes, products, supplies, parts, accessories, auxiliary services, and design for products or services, that the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary concerned considers necessary for experimental or test purposes in the development of the best supplies that are needed for the national defense.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Daniel Jones
  - Email: afrl.deter.ara@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Bill Sherrod
  - Email: afrl.deter.ara@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Amendment 1 ***UPDATES AS OF 06 JAN 2022*** Corrects the Valid Eval web address in the Open Announcement description above From: https://usg.valideval.com/teams/DETER/signuppapers To: https://usg.valideval.com/teams/DETER/signup ***UPDATES AS OF 11 AUG 2022*** a.) Update Statute Renumbering throughout DETER ARA and Industry Guide 10 U.S.C. §4021 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2371) "Other Transaction for Research 10 U.S.C. §4022 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2371b) "Other Transaction for Prototype" 10 U.S.C. §4023 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2373) "Procurement for Experimental Purposes" 10 U.S.C. §4025 (formerly 10 U.S.C. §2374) "Prize Competitions" b.) Update DETER Contracting Points of Contact Primary: Mr. Bill Sherrod, AFRL/RDK c.) Include Requirement for Science & Technology (S&T) Program Protection ALL PROPOSAL RESPONSES (NOT REQUIRED FOR WHITE PAPER SUBMISSION) ARE REQUIRED TO SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING WITH ALL RESPONSES: 1.) A SF424 (Research and Related Senior/Key Person Profile)(See Attachments), and 2.) Completed Program Security Questionnaire (See Attachments) 3.) Privacy Act Statement (See Attachments) d.) Request for 500 Word Abstract on White Paper Submissions Offerors shall include a short 500 word abstract as a part of the white paper narrative that broadly describes the fundamental intent of the proposed effort along with the intended approach. e.) Duplicate White Paper Submissions Offerors advised that duplicate White Paper submissions within the same 12 month timeframe will NOT be separately evaluated. Please do NOT submit duplicate White Paper submissions within the same 12 month period. ***UPDATES AS OF 08 OCT 2024*** a.) SUMMARY OF AWARDS: Below is a summary of all awards made from inception (8 Feb 2021) to date (08 Oct 2024), under the DETER ARA: 1.) CALLS: 15 Calls have been issued or are in progress 13 awards have been issued or are in progress, with a combined value of $188M 2.) WHITE PAPER OPEN ANNOUNCEMENT: 193 White Papers have been received 32 Awards have been issued or are in progress, with a combined value of $165M b.) UPDATED EVALUATION RUBRIC: Slight changes have been made to the evaluation rubric, which can be found under the attached "Valid Eval Rubric (Version 2.0)". The updated evaluation rubric will be used for all white paper and proposal evaluations effective immediately. c.) AFRL DIRECTED ENERGY -- VIRTUAL INDUSTRY DAY: Date: Wednesday, 6 Nov 2024 Location: Virtual Only (Tentative platform: Microsoft Teams Conference) Schedule: 0900-1000 RDL Laser Division Q&A Session 1000-1100 RDS Space Electro-Optics Q&A Session 1300-1400 RDH High Power Electro-Magnetics Q&A Session 1400-1500 RDM Modeling, Simulation & Wargaming Q&A Session Discussion Level: Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Participants are required to have a current and active DD Form 2345 to access or participate in any virtual Q&A session Registered participants may attend one, some or all of the Q&A sessions REGISTRATION LINK: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/h8zZpZdnhT Registration closes Wednesday, 30 Oct 24 at 1700 MT. After the registration form is submitted, AFRL will verify the status of the DD Form 2345 and will send a confirmation email that the registration is complete. A subsequent email will be sent no later than 4 Nov 2024 with the links to the Q&A session. ***UPDATES AS OF 22 NOV 2024*** Incorporated updated Science & Technology (S&T) Program Protection guidance above (Summary Only) and under the attached Industry Guide (Full Details). Incorporate "Privacy Act Statement" as additional Attachment. ***UPDATES AS OF 13 JAN 2026*** Updated 10 USC 4023 language in the Background section to reflect the NDAA FY26 language as below: This authority applies to acquisition of items related to “…buy demonstrations, prototypes, products, supplies, parts, accessories, auxiliary services, and design for products or services, that the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary concerned considers necessary for experimental or test purposes in the development of the best supplies that are needed for the national defense.”

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d2b3e193a3f84ea89aa086a78e8c67aa/view)