---
layout: default
title: J046--FY26: Deionized Water System Maintenance LCHCC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 95939e90c58a43988412c72f4c4ab276
---

# J046--FY26: Deionized Water System Maintenance LCHCC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 13:40:03.401-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0420
- Awardee: null

## Summary

36C24826Q0420 SOURCES SOUGHT/MARKET RESEARCH Service: Deionized Water System Maintenance. This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE for market research purposes only to determine the availability of potential businesses with capabilities to provide Maintenance on the Deionized Water System at the Lee County VA Healthcare Center, 2489 Diplomat Highway East, Cape Coral, FL 33909; as described in the draft Scope of Work that is attached below. Potential quoters are invited to provide feedback via e-mail to Timothy Felix at timothy.felix@va.gov. Responses will be used to determine the appropriate acquisition strategy for a potential future acquisition. The intended contract period of performance is One Base Year and 4 Option Years. Period of Performance to be determined. Potential quoters shall provide the following information to Timothy Felix at timothy.felix@va.gov. Company name, address, and point of contact name, phone number, e-mail address, and Unique Entity Identification UEI Number. Is your firm eligible for participation in one of the following small business programs? If so, please indicate the program. The anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 221310 Water Supply and Irrigation Systems. The largest a firm can be and still qualify as small business for Federal Government programs is no larger than $41 Million. [ ] yes [ ] no Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no Small Business (SB) [ ] yes [ ] no Other ( please specify) Does your firm have relevant experience in providing the services outlined in this notification and the Scope of Work? [ ] yes [ ] no Is your firm currently registered in System for Award Management (SAM)? [ ] yes [ ] no If your firm is a SDVOSB or VOSB, is your firm registered in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Verification (CVE), U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) [ ] yes [ ] no (applicable for SDVOSB and VOSB only) This requirement will be offered under NAICS Code 221310 Water Supply and Irrigation Systems. Is your firm affiliated with this NAICS code is SAM? [ ] yes [ ] no Does your company have experience working at VA Healthcare Facilities and be familiar requirements, equipment, and VHA Directives for water quality including VHA Directive 1061? If yes, please provide a brief description of the services performed and at what location? [ ] yes [ ] no Please indicate any General Services Administration (GSA) / Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) contract numbers) your firm has been awarded in association with the aforementioned services and their respective expiration date(s). _______________GSA/FSS Number(s); _________________ Expiration date(s) Comment on any current any current or potential technical, cost, schedule, or performance risks that you would like the Government aware of that concern the draft scope of work below. (i.e., problems or any other issues experienced with similar contracts). Include comments on the draft scope of work. Is there any information that the Government could provide in addition to the information in the scope of work and associated documents that would assist you in building your price quote? What requirements in the scope of work and/or associated documents do you believe are unrealistic or may prevent your company from participating in an official solicitation? Do you have any recommended revisions to the scope of work and/ or associated documents? What requirements in the scope of work are your company s major cost drivers? Do you have any recommendations to reduce cost to your company and the Government? Provide a brief capability statement (Max 2 pages), it should include supporting evidence in sufficient detail to demonstrate your firm is capable of providing the service to do an evaluation on the backflow devices. The Capabilities Statement for this sources sought is not expected to be Request for Quotations, Request for Proposals, or Invitation for Bids, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the draft Scope of Work below. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. Submission of capabilities statement will assist our office in tailoring the requirement to be consistent with industry standards. The capabilities will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining the acquisition strategy. Other than small businesses may respond to this notice in the event the market does not indicate small business interest. This Synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for the requested information. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform all of the services within the scope of work are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time on March 30, 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to timothy.felix@va.gov, size limit is 5 MB. Statement of Work (SOW) NON-DIALYSIS (M&O) WATER TREATMENT PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE SERVICE LEE COUNTY GENERAL Background The Lee County Healthcare Lee Center (LCHC) has a requirement to ensure all facility water treatment systems maintain all De-Ionization (DI) Systems, Reverse Osmosis (R/O), Water Softeners, and Salt Deliveries. The Contractor shall furnish all labor, parts, travel, and equipment to provide maintenance and repair services for all systems identified in this Statement of Work (SOW). MANUFACTURER: AMERIWATER MODEL: 00850234 SN: 9513593 MANUFACTURER: AMERIWATER MODEL: HCROS SN: 50020 Scope of Work Contractors shall maintain all De-Ionization (DI) Systems, Reverse Osmosis (R/O), Water Softeners, and Salt Deliveries identified in this SOW. All resin used in tanks must be from a 510K medically approved regeneration plant. Proof of 510K certification must be provided. Contractor shall maintain all DI, R/O systems located at LCHC, Water for the Reprocessing of Medical Devices, which is referenced in AAMI ST79:2017, Comprehensive Guide to Steam Sterilization and Sterility Assurance in Health Care Facilities. The contractor shall present any equipment or material replaced by the VA COR for inspection and/or evaluation prior to its removal or disposal. System is to be sanitized as needed following any work performed. Period of Performance The period of performance for this contract shall be for a base period of one year followed by four one-year option periods. Place of Performance The Contractor s primary place of work performance will be at the Lee County Healthcare Center at 2489 Diplomat Pkwy E, Cape Coral, FL 33909. DEFINITIONS/ACRONYMS/ABBREVIATIONS Central Utility Plant (CEP) - Maintains the VA utility infrastructure: Steam distribution piping/Chilled water distribution piping/Utilities/Electrical Substations/Electrical distribution system/Power Generation. CFR Code of Federal Regulation Contracting Officer (CO) VA official with the authority to enter, administer, and/or terminate contracts and make related determinations and findings. Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) VA official responsible for providing contract oversight and technical guidance to the Contracting Officer. Responsibilities include certification of invoices, placing orders for service, providing technical guidance, and overseeing technical aspects of the contract. All administrative functions remain with the Contracting Officer. Contractor Refers to both the prime Contractor and their employees, and any sub-contractor and their employees. E.O. Executive Order FSE Field Service Engineer Fixed-price contract - A type of contract that provides for a price that is not subject to any adjustment on the basis of the contractor's cost experience in performing the contract. FAR Federal Acquisition Regulation Lee County Healthcare Center (LCHC) NICET National Institute for Certification in Engineering Technology National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) A United States trade association that creates and maintains private, copyrighted standards and codes for usage and adoption by local governments. Out-Patient Clinic (OPC) - The part of the VA hospital system designed for the treatment of veterans outpatients with health problems who visit the VA for diagnosis or treatment in their local community. Preventative Maintenance (PM) Performance of Work Statement (PWS) - A performance of work for performance-based acquisitions that describes the required results in clear, specific, and objective terms with measurable outcomes. Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) An organized written document used for quality assurance surveillance. The document contains specific methods for performing surveillance of the Contractor s continuous performance. Quality Control and Quality Control Plan (QCP) Those actions taken by the Contractor to control the production of goods or services, so they will meet the requirements of the contract. Statement of Work (SOW) - A statement of work for acquisitions that describes the required results in clear, specific, and objective terms with measurable outcomes. VAAR Veteran Affairs Acquisition Regulation REFERENCES FAR 23 & 36 Sustainable Acquisitions FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal VAAR 823 Sustainable Acquisition Policy NFPA 10 Portable Fire Extinguisher NFPA 30 Flammable Combustible Liquids NFPA 70E Standard for Electrical Safety in the Workplace NFPA 99 Health Care Facilities Code, Latest Edition NFPA 101 Life Safety Code, Latest Edition NFPA 203 Guide on Roof Coverings and Roof Deck Constructions VA Architectural Design Manual, Chapter

1.6 Sustainable Design ASHRAE American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers Manual ICC International Building Code, Latest Edition NETA International Electrical Testing Association Maintenance & Testing Specifications The Joint Commission Accreditation Manual for Hospitals, Latest Edition OSHA Standard 29 CFR Part 1910, Subparts: D, H, I, J, K, L, P & Z OSHA Safety and Health Regulations for Construction Part 1926 Subpart E Operating/Maintenance Manuals and specifications of all components of water treatment systems. The LCHC will not provide service manuals or service diagnostic software to the contractor. The Contractor shall obtain, have on file, and make available to its FSE all operational and technical documentation (such as operational and service manuals, schematics, and parts lists), which are necessary to meet the performance requirements of this contract. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS/TASKS PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE (PM): The Contractor shall perform Preventative Maintenance (PM) in accordance with manufacturer s service manuals and checklists. Contractor shall provide a maintenance (PM) schedule, and two (2) copies of the PM procedures must be presented in writing to the Contracting Officer and/or the COR within ten (10) days after contract award for each piece of equipment. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall be responsible for providing the following services: Change Pre-Filters (Monthly) Repair/Maintain UV Light (Yearly Exchange) Change Sub Micron Filter (180 Day Exchange) Change DI Exchange Tanks (Monthly as needed) Loop Disinfect RO system (Yearly) Check and adjust controls, floats, etc. (As needed) Perform AAMI TIR34 Water Test (Monthly) Carbon and Water softener inspections (Monthly as needed) Softener Re-bed (as needed) Contractors shall supply all labor, materials, hardware, and accessories. Contractors shall provide evidence of factory training for each service engineer upon request. Contractors shall provide service reports to FMS within 24 hours of completing service. The report shall include complete details of all work performed. Contractors shall provide certification in the form of technical documentation, original invoice, or service documentation that the quality of updates and upgrades is sufficient to guarantee continued performance and operation of the system listed in this contract. Contractors shall perform PM to correct or maintain the equipment to meet or exceed the manufacturer s factory specifications. Any calibration or repair procedures or adjustments necessary to assure accurate and reliable equipment operation will be performed at this time, e.g., cleaning, oiling, adjusting, replacing parts, re-bedding softeners, etc. Contractors shall notify the COR in writing (report form) of any uncorrected deficiencies. Written notification shall include the type of deficiency noted, dated, and initialed. Contractor shall immediately notify the COR of any deficiencies, which are a hazard. It shall be the responsibility of the Lee County Healthcare Center to take the necessary actions to initiate any Interim Life Safety Measures (ILSM). Contractors shall have twenty-four (24) hours of access to all needed parts. Response time: 2 hours by telephone, 24-hour on-site service response. Emergency responses will be provided within 4 hours of telephone call. Emergencies are defined as a non-functioning system. Contractors shall provide telephone HOTLINE for instrument problems 24 hours/day, 7 days per week, including holidays. Includes travel, mileage, expenses, parts, and labor at prevailing rates. Contractors provide active means to prevent airborne dust from dispersing into atmosphere by wiping and/or water misting ceiling or wall surfaces where installations will take place. HEPA vacuums are acceptable. Contractors is responsible for any damage caused by contractor to Government property during execution of work and will repair at no cost to the Government. This includes any patching, priming, and painting of walls and ceilings. All work shall be performed with no interruption to facility operations. Contractors shall provide the Contracting Officer (CO) and Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) with a copy of all invoices prior to submitting for payment. DELIVERABLES Hardware: All installed hardware shall be inspected for defects prior to acceptance by VA. Salt: Contractors shall supply bagged salt for the water softeners throughout the Lee County Healthcare Center s locations within the facility. On a weekly basis, either Wednesday and/or Thursday, fill the salt tanks of the listed softeners as needed, based on weekly observation. Salt shall be delivered directly to brine tanks and filled utilizing the contractor s own labor personnel and equipment. Contractor shall fill brine tanks with enough salt to minimize the number of trips and visually check softeners and brine tanks for correct operation and perform hardness test on softeners product water to ensure zero hardness. The contractor shall perform services in a competent workmanlike manner, clean any residue or spillage because of the work performed, and notify the COR of any discrepancies in the equipment on a timely basis. The contractor shall store bagged salt at each softener for immediate use by hospital staff in a reasonable amount for each softener, not to exceed 10 bags at any one softener. TRAVEL: Travel will not be paid for by the Government. SECURITY: The contractor shall be always escorted by A VA employee while performing maintenance. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Documentation: At the conclusion of each repair or scheduled maintenance visit, the contractor shall provide a written service report indicating the date of service, the Bar Code Number (EE#), the model, serial number, and location of the equipment serviced, the name of the service representative, the hours worked (arrival and departure), the services performed, and parts replaced. The reports will be delivered to FMS M&O COR for signature when work is complete. Government Responsibilities: The government will make the equipment available in accordance with the established schedule for the work. Performance/Working Hours: The Contractor shall perform all repairs during normal VA business hours, 6:00 AM - 5:00 PM, Monday to Friday, except Federal Holidays, unless otherwise specified. Contractors may work outside normal business hours by arrangement with Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) and the Contracting Officer (CO) if such services are provided without additional charge to the Government. All work that is to be completed during WHEN hours will be done at no extra cost to the Government. Contractor shall remove all parts and debris daily from the LCHC work site, and contractor is responsible for a complete daily clean-up and debris removals until inspections are completed. Contractor shall submit a daily report of progress on the service to the COR or authorized personnel. Holidays: There are eleven Federal Holidays as follows: New Year s Day Martin Luther King Day President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day If a holiday falls on Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as the National Holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a National Holiday by U.S. Government agencies. Also, included would be any day specifically declared by the President of the United States of America as a National Holiday. Kick-off Meeting: The contractors shall commence work only when the Contracting Officer (CO) has conducted a kick-off meeting or has elected to waive the meeting. This meeting is very beneficial to the success of the project. Various aspects of work details can be discussed so there is a consistent understanding among all parties. Roles and responsibilities of the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) are issued by the CO at the meeting. The nature of some small projects may not require a kick-off meeting with the CO. This will be determined on a case-by-case basis by the CO. QUALIFICATIONS: Each respondent must have an established business, with an office and full-time staff to include a "fully qualified" field service engineer (FSE) and a "fully qualified" FSE who will serve as backup. "Fully qualified" is based upon training and on experience in the field. For training, the FSE(s) has successfully completed a formalized training program of the equipment identified. For field experience, the FSE(s) has a minimum of two years experience with respect to scheduled and unscheduled preventive and remedial maintenance of water treatment systems. The FSE(s) shall be authorized by the Contractor to perform the maintenance services. All work shall be performed by "fully qualified" competent FSE(s). The Contractor shall provide written assurance to the competency of their personnel and a list of credentials of approved FSE(s) for each make and model the Contractor services at the VA. The Contracting Officer (CO) may authenticate the training requirements, request training certificates, or credentials from the Contractor at any time for any personnel who are servicing or installing any VA equipment. The CO and/or Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) specifically reserves the right to reject any of the Contractor's personnel and refuse them permission to work on the VA equipment. If subcontractors are used, the CO must approve them in advance. The Contractor shall submit any proposed change in subcontractor(s) to the CO for approval/disapproval. Contractors must be qualified and certified for the following: Contractors are licensed with NSF, NEBB, and CETA qualifications. Contamination Control Specialists. ATTACHMENT 1, PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE To be provided by the Contractor within ten (10) days after contract award, as per Section 9. ATTACHMENT 2, RECORDS MANAGEMENT CONTRACT LANGUAGE The following standard items relate to records generated in executing the contract and should be included in a typical Electronic Information Systems (EIS) procurement contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes, and regulations such as 44 U.S.C chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format (paper, electronic, etc.) or mode of transmission (e-mail, fax, etc.) or state of completion (draft, final, etc.). No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material, and/or records generated under, or relating to, this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting broadband sensitive and proprietary information.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy Felix
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: timothy.felix@va.gov
  - Phone: 904-228-0645

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE SCHEDULE To be provided by the Contractor within ten (10) days after contract award, as per Section 9. ATTACHMENT 2, RECORDS MANAGEMENT CONTRACT LANGUAGE The following standard items relate to records generated in executing the contract and should be included in a typical Electronic Information Systems (EIS) procurement contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes, and regulations such as 44 U.S.C chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format (paper, electronic, etc.) or mode of transmission (e-mail, fax, etc.) or state of completion (draft, final, etc.). No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer"s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material, and/or records generated under, or relating to, this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting broadband sensitive and proprietary information

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/95939e90c58a43988412c72f4c4ab276/view)