---
layout: default
title: 6525--518-26-3-7077-0021: Dental Imaging Equipment Dentsply Brand Name or Equal
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 872042c13c3a4c438dccb0d8a5db5ec9
---

# 6525--518-26-3-7077-0021: Dental Imaging Equipment Dentsply Brand Name or Equal

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 09:10:51.411-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0366
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY: This announcement seeks information from the industry, which will be used for preliminary planning purposes for procurement. No proposals are being requested or accepted with this synopsis. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS, AND NO CONTRACT SHALL BE AWARDED FROM THIS SYNOPSIS. THIS IS STRICTLY MARKET RESEARCH. Dentsply North America LLC brand name or equal, domestic and non-domestic products. The purpose of this synopsis is to gain knowledge of the interests, capabilities, and qualifications of various members of industry who have the capability to provide the following items, brand-name or equal: Item # Description QTY 6242254 Heliodent Plus T Adapter Plate 9 6256221 HD Plus Wall Version XL 9 6149962 Tech Service 1 Hour Labor 18 6680313 Othophos S11 1 6149954 3D Labor Charge 1 6149962 Remove Existing 6 Heliodent 6 6149962 Remove Existing Orthophos 2 All interested firms must be registered in SAM (System for Award Management) to be eligible for the award of Government contracts. Interested parties responding to this Sources Sought request shall submit the following information at a minimum: (1) Company name and address, point of contact with phone number, and SAM UEI. (2) Documentation relating to performance capability, current point of contact, and phone number. (3) Socio-economic status to identify the business class as a large business, SDVOSB, VOSB, small business, Woman Owned, etc. (4) Place of manufacture (5) Any other pertinent company documentation prior to submission of offers to a solicitation. Any SD/VOSB firms responding to this Sources Sought Notice must also provide proof of registration in the SBA Vet Cert prior to submitting offers to a solicitation. This market research is for informational and planning purposes. This is not a solicitation and does not obligate the Government to issue a solicitation. Please be advised that the government will not pay any costs for responses and information submitted. All submissions are acceptable via manases.cabrera@va.gov RESULTS INFORMATION: Respondents will not be notified of the results, and it is at the discretion of the Government to utilize results. Firms responding to this Sources Sought announcement, who fail to meet all requirements as stated above, and who fail to provide ALL the required information requested, will not be used to help the Government make the acquisition decision, which is the intent of this sources sought announcement. PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT SCOPE OF WORK: The Contractor shall provide all labor, personnel, equipment, tools, materials, software, supervision, and other items and services necessary to perform the following: Procurement, installation, and configuration of the following dental imaging equipment: 9 Heliodent Plus intraoral X-ray devices 1 Orthophos SL 2D/ 3D machine with panoramic and 3D cone beam computed tomography capabilities De-installation of existing equipment (6 Heliodents and 1 Orthophos) BACKGROUND Bedford VAMC is seeking to procure 9 Heliodent Plus intraoral X-ray machines and 1 Orthophos SL 2D/ 3D. AREAS TO BE SERVICED Edith Nourse Rogers Memorial Veterans Hospital Bedford VA Medical Center 200 Springs Rd Bedford, MA 01730 INSTALLATION The Contractor shall provide all labor, materials, tools, equipment, and software to prepare for and complete the installation of the equipment in the space determined by the Government. Installation dates are to be coordinated in advance with the Contractor and the Bedford VA Medical Center s Healthcare Technology Management service. All employees of the Contractor and subcontractors shall comply with the VA security management program and obtain the permission of the VA police, be identified by project and employer, and be restricted from unauthorized access. All installation personnel shall be trained by the manufacturer on how to properly install the equipment. Resumes and certifications shall be submitted for review prior to installation. The Contractor shall request information regarding determined installation space construction, such as wall blocking and/or stud placement, room dimensions, finish materials, etc., as required to complete a safe and functional installation. The Contractor shall communicate the estimated noise level produced during the installation process to the Bedford VA Medical Center prior to the start of installation. The Contractor shall modify equipment, tools, etc., used during installation and/or installation time of day to ensure the estimated noise level is within the acceptable threshold as communicated by the Government. The Contractor shall be responsible for the safe removal and disposal of all packing materials and related waste generated during installation. TRAINING The Contractor shall provide a comprehensive on-site training program for the operating clinicians as required. This training program shall include at a minimum the following sessions: (i) Technical Training, (ii) Operational Training, (iii) Administrative Training, and (iv) Hardware and Software Troubleshooting. Training shall occur onsite during normal business hours, 8:00 am-4:30 pm, Monday through Friday. Competency assessments shall be provided with the training. On-site training is to be scheduled in advance with the Bedford VA Medical Center s Healthcare Technology Management Service. TASK FREQUENCY AND INSTRUCTIONS The work set forth in the Scope of Work shall be completed in a single visit, whether a single day or multiple days as required for proper completion. All work is to be scheduled in advance with the Bedford VA Medical Center s Healthcare Technology Management Service. Installation, configuration, and training shall occur on the same day determined in advance by the Contractor and the Bedford VA Medical Center s Healthcare Technology Management Service. SPECIAL WORK REQUIREMENTS The Contractor shall comply with any and all Infection Control Risk Assessment requirements deemed appropriate by the Bedford VA Medical Center during all portions of the work set forth in the Scope of Work. The Contractor must comply with security, privacy, and safety requirements in accordance with VA standards, policies, and directives at all times while performing the work outlined in the Scope of Work. PROPERTY DAMAGE The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any government property. The contractor shall report any damages immediately and shall be assessed the current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor, unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (e.g., trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer. ATTACHMENTS None. IDENTIFICATION, PARKING, SMOKING, CELLULAR PHONE USE, AND VA REGULATIONS: The contractor's employees shall wear visible identification at all times while on the VA property. It is the contractor's responsibility to park in the designated parking areas. Information on parking is available from the VA Police-Security Service. The VA will not invalidate or reimburse the contractor for any parking violations under any conditions. Smoking is prohibited inside any buildings at the VA. Cellular phones and two-way radios are not to be used within six feet of any medical equipment. Possession of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in a citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. COMPLIANCE WITH OSHA BLOODBORNE PATHOGENS STANDARD: The contractor shall comply with the Federal OSHA Bloodborne Pathogens Standard. The contractor shall: Have methods by which all employees are educated as to the risks associated with bloodborne pathogens. Have policies and procedures that reduce the risk of employee exposure to blood-borne pathogens. Have mechanisms for employee counseling and treatment following exposure to blood borne pathogens. Provide appropriate personal protective equipment/clothing such as gloves, gowns, masks, protective eyewear, and mouthpieces for the employee during performance of the contract.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Manases Cabrera
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: manases.cabrera@va.gov
  - Phone: 781-687-4418

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/872042c13c3a4c438dccb0d8a5db5ec9/view)