---
layout: default
title: MARSOC Initial Equipment Multiple Award BPA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0d5af8630cd246738b4a75c9a2fcbcc8
---

# MARSOC Initial Equipment Multiple Award BPA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 10:58:37.196-04
- Solicitation Number: H9225726QE007

## Summary

This is a combined synopisis/solicitation for a Multiple Award Blanket Purchase Agreement. Interested vendors must submit a completed price list for all items in Section B - MARSOC Initial Equipment List. Items are Brand Name Only. Substitutions or Alternatives will not be accepted. The quantities provided are annual estimates only. Offerors are only required to submit unit pricing for each item and identifiy any associated discounts for bulk quantities. (1) All questions concerning this procurement, either technical or contractual must be submitted in writing, via email, to the Contracting Office. The deadline for submittal of questions regarding this solicitation is 12:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 18 March 2026. The government's responses will be provided via solicitation/RFQ amendment. No direct exchanges between the technical representative and a prospective Offeror shall be conducted unless it is deemed necessary by the Contracting Officer. Questions shall be submitted via email to: spenser.e.gagnon.civ@socom.mil AND Samuel.williams1@socom.mil. (2) Quotes must be received no later than 1:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 13 March 2026. Quotes received after this time frame shall not be considered for award. The Government will award the contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer is conforming to the solicitation and will be the most advantageous to the government. The prospective offeror must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) website at http://ww.sam.gov to be considered for award. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its Quotes firm for 180 calendar days from the sate specified for receipt of quotes. All quotes must be submitted via email; no other form of submission will be accepted. Quotes shall be emailed to: spenser.e.gagnon.civ@socom.mil AND Samuel.williams1@socom.mil. Offerors must provide the following information in their quote: UEI #, Cage Code #, and TIN #. The quotes will be evaluated on an all-or-none basis. Quotes must be submitted in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(f). for email quotes, the Government office designated for receipt of the quotes are the email inbox of the addressee's indicated above. Receipt of an electronic acknowledgment form the addressee establishes that a record was received but does not establish that the content sent corresponds to the content received. Email attachments are limited to no more than 10 MB. Vendors are specifically warned that email may be subjected to spam filters or attachment stripping. It is therefore highly recommended that vendors request and receive delivery confirmation prior to the closing date. (3) Comprehensive responses to the requirements of this RFQ are required to enable the Government to evaluate the Offeror's understanding of capability and approaches to accomplish the stated requirements. Quotes shall be submitted per the instructions herein, and non-conformance with the specified required content may be cause for rejection of the quote. The quote shall provide comprehensive responses to the areas provided for in this section. The quote shall be complete and include all items in Section B - MARSOC Initial Equipment List and the requirements of this RFQ, taking into consideration required quantities and delivery schedules specified in this solicitation. The items listed in Section B - MARSOC Initial Equipment List are specified as Brand Name Only, and substitutions will not be permitted. To be considered for award, all quotes must include every item listed. Offerors should include any discounts for bulk orders, and the associated quantity. Offerors are cautioned not to rephrase or restate the Government's requirements in the quote but furnish convincing narratives describing "how" they intend to meet these requirements. The Offeror shall limit the Technical Volume to 5 pages. All transmissions must clearly state the solicitation number and the name of the contracting specialist on the first page to ensure proper receipt. (a) The Government will award a Multiple Award Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror(s) whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The proposed acquisition is set aside 100% Women Owned Small Business (WOSB) Set Aside for NAICS code 334111. All responsible business sources may submit a response which, if received in a timely manner, will be considered by the agency. BASIS FOR AWARD: The award will be based on Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable, considering all factors including price. The Government intends to enter into Multiple Award Blanket Purchase Agreements to the vendor(s) whose quote(s) represents the best value to the Government based price and other factors. Requirements will then be competed amongst the BPA holders. Items are Brand Name only, substitutions or alternatives will not be accepted. This acquisition will be conducted in accordance with FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items and FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures using best value to include evaluation of price and non-price factors (technical capability and past performance).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samuel Williams
  - Email: samuel.williams1@socom.mil
  - Phone: 9104400773
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Spenser Gagnon
  - Email: spenser.e.gagnon.civ@socom.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . It is therefore highly recommended that vendors request and receive delivery confirmation prior to the closing date. (3) Comprehensive responses to the requirements of this RFQ are required to enable the Government to evaluate the Offeror"s understanding of capability and approaches to accomplish the stated requirements. Quotes shall be submitted per the instructions herein, and non-conformance with the specified required content may be cause for rejection of the quote. The quote shall provide comprehensive responses to the areas provided for in this section. The quote shall be complete and include all items in Section B - MARSOC Initial Equipment List and the requirements of this RFQ, taking into consideration required quantities and delivery schedules specified in this solicitation. The items listed in Section B - MARSOC Initial Equipment List are specified as Brand Name Only, and substitutions will not be permitted. To be considered for award, all quotes must include every item listed. Offerors should include any discounts for bulk orders, and the associated quantity. Offerors are cautioned not to rephrase or restate the Government"s requirements in the quote but furnish convincing narratives describing "how" they intend to meet these requirements. The Offeror shall limit the Technical Volume to 5 pages. All transmissions must clearly state the solicitation number and the name of the contracting specialist on the first page to ensure proper receipt. (a) The Government will award a Multiple Award Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror(s) whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The proposed acquisition is set aside 100% Women Owned Small Business (WOSB) Set Aside for NAICS code 334111. All responsible business sources may submit a response which, if received in a timely manner, will be considered by the agency. BASIS FOR AWARD: The award will be based on Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable, considering all factors including price. The Government intends to enter into Multiple Award Blanket Purchase Agreements to the vendor(s) whose quote(s) represents the best value to the Government based price and other factors. Requirements will then be competed amongst the BPA holders. Items are Brand Name only, substitutions or alternatives will not be accepted. This acquisition will be conducted in accordance with FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items and FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures using best value to include evaluation of price and non-price factors (technical capability and past performance)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0d5af8630cd246738b4a75c9a2fcbcc8/view)