---
layout: default
title: Water and Soil Environmental Testing and Observation
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: b7d65cf7552e4b0d948eb88b82c0e04c
---

# Water and Soil Environmental Testing and Observation

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 10:16:28.426-04
- Solicitation Number: W911N226QA018

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation General Information This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W911N2-26-Q-A018 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) with a five (5) year ordering period to perform water and soil testing, on-site observations and process audit to yield complete environmental testing in accordance with the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS) at Letterkenny Munitions Center (LEMC). This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The Product Service Code (PSC) assigned to this acquisition is F107 - Environmental Systems Protection- Toxic and hazardous Substance Analysis. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 541380 – Testing Laboratories and Services. This procurement will utilize the solicitation procedures at FAR 12.201-1(c)(1). This announcement combines the presolicitation notice and the RFQ according to 12.202(b). The anticipated award date of this requirement is 01 June 2026. CLIN Description Price 0001 Ammonium Perchlorate Rocket Motor Destruction (ARMD) Environmental Sampling Provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, quality control and other items and non-personal services necessary to perform water and soil testing, on-site observations, and process audits to yield complete environmental testing IAW PWS paragraph 5.1 through 5.1.6.6. Estimated PoP: 01 June 2026 to 31 May 2031 Min Contract Qty: $2,500.00 Max Contract Qty: $750,000.00 Estimated Quantity: 5 Unit of Measure: LOT *Note: The estimated quantity will be typically serviced in single-unit increments on an as-needed OR ANNUAL basis over a five-year period. 0002 Open Burn/Open Detonation (OBOD) Environmental Sampling Provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, quality control and other items and non-personal services necessary to perform water and soil testing, on-site observations, and process audits to yield complete environmental testing IAW PWS paragraphs 5.2 through 5.2.9.6. Estimated PoP: 01 June 2026 to 31 May 2031 Min Contract Qty: $2,500.00 Max Contract Qty: $750,000.00 Estimated Quantity: 5 Unit of Measure: LOT *Note: The estimated quantity will be typically serviced in single-unit increments on an as-needed OR ANNUAL basis over a five-year period. 0003 CDRLS NSP The Contractor shall prepare and deliver the data identified in DD1423, Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs) A001 - A004. Quantity: 4 Unit of Measure: LOT Not Separately Priced (NSP) See attached Performance Work Statement (PWS) and Appendices E-1 OBOD Sampling Plan and E-2 ARMDO Sampling Plan. Delivery & Acceptance Location: W39Z LETTERKENNY MUNITIONS CENTER ROUTE 997, VOELZ GATE CHAMBERSBURG, PA 17201-4150 UNITED STATES DoDAAC: W25G1R Lead Time: The Contractor shall perform sampling within thirty (30) calendar days after receipt of order, subject to confirmation by the Technical Point of Contact (TPOC). Sampling results shall be submitted to the Government within ten (10) calendar days following the completion of testing. F.O.B. Point: Destination Solicitation Provisions: 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.204-7019 Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System (DEVIATION 2026-O0043) 252.209-7021 Prohibition Relating to Conflicts of Interest in Consulting Services— Certification 252.215-7992 Only One Offer 252.215-7994 – Requirements for Certified Cost or Pricing Data and Data Other Than Certified Cost or Pricing Data 252.215-7996 Notification to Offerors—Postaward Debriefings 252.219-7000 Advancing Small Business Growth 252.225-7000 Buy American—Balance of Payments Program Certificate 252.225-7020 Trade Agreements Certificate 252.225-7035 Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments ProgramCertificate 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Technical, Past Performance, and Price (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the base requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) Addendum to 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Entry Gate Criteria The Offeror must be rated acceptable for the following criteria to proceed to full quotation evaluation: 1. Offeror shall provide proof that the laboratory to be used in the sample analysis is Pennsylvania Accredited by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Laboratory Accreditation Program website. Evaluation Factors This evaluation will utilize comparative analysis to provide the best value to the Government. Award may be made to other than the lowest priced offer, if the Government determines that a price premium is warranted due to technical merit. However, the closer the merits of the technical offer are to one another, the greater will be the importance of price in making the award determination. In the event that two or more technical offers are determined technically equivalent and equivalent in past performance, award may be made to the lower priced offer provided the price is reasonable. Responses to this solicitation will be evaluated against the following factors: Factor 1: Technical Factor 2: Past Performance Factor 3: Price FACTOR 1: Technical. The Offeror shall provide technical information based off the requirements of the Performance Work Statement (PWS). The information shall provide, at a minimum, the following information: a. A detailed breakdown of the plan to effectively execute the requirements in the PWS. b. Establish in writing an understanding of the PADEP approved Environmental Plans: Subpart X, Appendix E-1 and Appendix E-2. The Appendix E-1 and E-2 will be provided for the Offeror to review and the ability to understand and fulfill the testing requirements. c. The Offeror must provide proof of qualifications and certifications of the technicians conducting the testing and of the laboratory to be used in the sample analysis is Pennsylvania Accredited by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Laboratory Accreditation Program website. d.Offeror must provide proof of current or past work experience in a similar size and scope in order to collect and analyze the samples according to the PADEP approved Environmental Plans: Subpart X, Appendix E-1 and Appendix E-2. The Appendix E-1 and E-2 will be provided for the Offeror to review and the ability to understand and fulfill the testing requirements. Mere re-statements of the requirements or statements from the Offeror that the offer is compliant that do not include proof that the Offeror can demonstrate the aforementioned items, are unacceptable. If the offer is detemined unacceptable in any of the technical evaluation factors or subfactors, the offer may not be considered for award. In addition to the information submitted by offeror, the Contracting Officer may consider other information reasonably related to the evaluation factors, to include the personal knowledge of the competitor's commercial and Government customers and past performance databases. The Government may consider any other value added benefit offered in its best value determination. The Contracting Officer may communicate with an offeror at any time during the evaluation without regard to the FAR 15.3 rules concerning competitive range determinations and discussions. The Contracting Officer may also identify the offeror most likely to provide best value and hold negotiations solely with that offeror to finalize the order and/or negotiate more favorable terms for the Government. Factor 2: Past Performance The Government will evaluate the Offeror’s record of past and current performance to ascertain the probability of successfully performing the required efforts of the PWS. a. Offeror must provide proof of current or past work performance in a similar size and scope in order to collect and analyze the samples according to the PADEP approved Environmental Plans: Subpart X, Appendix E-1 and Appendix E-2. The Appendix E-1 and E-2 will be provided for the Offeror to review and the ability to understand and fulfill the testing requirements. b. Establish in writing an understanding of the PADEP approved Environmental Plans: Subpart X, Appendix E-1 and Appendix E-2. The Appendix E-1 and E-2 will be provided for the Offeror to review and the ability to understand and fulfill the testing requirements. c. Offerors shall submit all relevant information on Government and/or commercial contracts for the prime offeror and each major subcontractor, those subcontractors expected to perform twenty (20) percent or more of the effort, in performance or awarded during the past three (3) years, from the issue date of this Request for Quote (RFQ), which are relevant to the efforts required by this RFQ. The Government may consider a wide array of information from a variety of sources but is not compelled to rely on all the information available. d. Offerors shall include three (3) of the most recent and relevant efforts (with in the past three (3) years) in their quote. Absent any recent and relevant past performance history or when the performance record is so spare that no meaningful confidence assessment rating can be reasonably assigned, the offeror will be assigned an “unknown confidence rating” and its quote will not be evaluated either favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use data provided by the Offeror in its quote and data obtained from other sources, including data in Government files or data obtained through interviews with personnel familiar with the contractor and their current and past performance under Federal, State or Local Government or commercial contracts for the same or similar services as compared to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 541380. Data used in conducting performance risk assessments shall not extend past three (3) years prior to the issue date of the RFQ but may include performance data generated during the past three (3) years without regard to the contract award date. Factor 3: Price. Offerors must propose on all items. The total evaluated price will be computed by adding the total estimated amount for each item. Offerors shall complete the pricing schedule with pricing for each Contract Line Item Number (CLIN). The Government may require continued performance under FAR clause 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services. The Government will evaluate the base and option prices on the basis that the rates will not change if the Government opts to utilize its option per FAR clause 52.217-8 at the end of the base or option during the performance of the contract. Evaluation of the option pricing in this manner shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes by adding the total price for the option to the total price for the base requirement. The Government may determine that a quote is unacceptable if the option price is significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of the option shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option. (End of addendum) Contract Clauses: 52.203-3 Gratuities 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements 52.204-13 System for Award Management—Maintenance 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.216-18 Ordering 52.216-19 Order Limitations 52.216-22 Indefinite Quantity 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information. 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (DEVIATION 2024-O0013, Revision 1) 252.204-7022 Expediting Contract Closeout (DEVIATION 2026-O0043) 252.204-7023 Reporting Requirements for Contracted Services 252.204-7997 DoD Assessment Requirements 252.205-7000 Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation 252.211-7008 Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers 252.216-7010 Postaward Debriefings for Task Orders and Delivery Orders 252.219-7996 Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts) 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements 252.225-7036 Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7052 Restriction on the Acquisition of Certain Magnets, Tantalum, and Tungsten 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 252.226-7001 Utilization of Indian Organizations, Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business Concerns 252.227-7990 Technical Data – Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.227-7997 Validation of Asserted Restrictions on Technical Data. 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments 252.237-7010 Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel 252.237-7998 Training for Contractor Personnel Interacting with Detainees 252.240-7997 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements. 252.243-7002 Requests for Equitable Adjustment 252.244-7999 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea 252.247-7028 Application for U.S. Government Shipping Documentation/Instructions Receipt of quote shall be provided no later than 14 May 2026 at 1200 Eastern Time via email to the Contract Specialist Danielle Rhone at danielle.r.rhone.civ@army.mil and Contracting Officer Bobie Burkett at bobie.j.burkett.civ@army.mil. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Danielle Rhone
  - Email: danielle.r.rhone.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 7172678480
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Bobie J. Burkett
  - Email: bobie.j.burkett.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 7172675283

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -1 and Appendix E-2. The Appendix E-1 and E-2 will be provided for the Offeror to review and the ability to understand and fulfill the testing requirements. c. The Offeror must provide proof of qualifications and certifications of the technicians conducting the testing and of the laboratory to be used in the sample analysis is Pennsylvania Accredited by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Laboratory Accreditation Program website. d.Offeror must provide proof of current or past work experience in a similar size and scope in order to collect and analyze the samples according to the PADEP approved Environmental Plans: Subpart X, Appendix E-1 and Appendix E-2. The Appendix E-1 and E-2 will be provided for the Offeror to review and the ability to understand and fulfill the testing requirements. Mere re-statements of the requirements or statements from the Offeror that the offer is compliant that do not include proof that the Offeror can demonstrate the aforementioned items, are unacceptable. If the offer is detemined unacceptable in any of the technical evaluation factors or subfactors, the offer may not be considered for award. In addition to the information submitted by offeror, the Contracting Officer may consider other information reasonably related to the evaluation factors, to include the personal knowledge of the competitor"s commercial and Government customers and past performance databases. The Government may consider any other value added benefit offered in its best value determination. The Contracting Officer may communicate with an offeror at any time during the evaluation without regard to the FAR 15.3 rules concerning competitive range determinations and discussions. The Contracting Officer may also identify the offeror most likely to provide best value and hold negotiations solely with that offeror to finalize the order and/or negotiate more favorable terms for the Government. Factor 2: Past Performance The Government will evaluate the Offeror’s record of past and current performance to ascertain the probability of successfully performing the required efforts of the PWS. a. Offeror must provide proof of current or past work performance in a similar size and scope in order to collect and analyze the samples according to the PADEP approved Environmental Plans: Subpart X, Appendix E-1 and Appendix E-2. The Appendix E-1 and E-2 will be provided for the Offeror to review and the ability to understand and fulfill the testing requirements. b. Establish in writing an understanding of the PADEP approved Environmental Plans: Subpart X, Appendix E-1 and Appendix E-2. The Appendix E-1 and E-2 will be provided for the Offeror to review and the ability to understand and fulfill the testing requirements. c. Offerors shall submit all relevant information on Government and/or commercial contracts for the prime offeror and each major subcontractor, those subcontractors expected to perform twenty (20) percent or more of the effort, in performance or awarded during the past three (3) years, from the issue date of this Request for Quote (RFQ), which are relevant to the efforts required by this RFQ. The Government may consider a wide array of information from a variety of sources but is not compelled to rely on all the information available. d. Offerors shall include three (3) of the most recent and relevant efforts (with in the past three (3) years) in their quote. Absent any recent and relevant past performance history or when the performance record is so spare that no meaningful confidence assessment rating can be reasonably assigned, the offeror will be assigned an “unknown confidence rating” and its quote will not be evaluated either favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use data provided by the Offeror in its quote and data obtained from other sources, including data in Government files or data obtained through interviews with personnel familiar with the contractor and their current and past performance under Federal, State or Local Government or commercial contracts for the same or similar services as compared to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 541380. Data used in conducting performance risk assessments shall not extend past three (3) years prior to the issue date of the RFQ but may include performance data generated during the past three (3) years without regard to the contract award date. Factor 3: Price. Offerors must propose on all items. The total evaluated price will be computed by adding the total estimated amount for each item. Offerors shall complete the pricing schedule with pricing for each Contract Line Item Number (CLIN). The Government may require continued performance under FAR clause 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services. The Government will evaluate the base and option prices on the basis that the rates will not change if the Government opts to utilize its option per FAR clause 52.217-8 at the end of the base or option during the performance of the contract. Evaluation of the option pricing in this manner shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes by adding the total price for the option to the total price for the base requirement. The Government may determine that a quote is unacceptable if the option price is significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of the option shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option. (End of addendum) Contract Clauses: 52.203-3 Gratuities 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements 52.204-13 System for Award Management—Maintenance 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.216-18 Ordering 52.216-19 Order Limitations 52.216-22 Indefinite Quantity 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information. 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (DEVIATION 2024-O0013, Revision 1) 252.204-7022 Expediting Contract Closeout (DEVIATION 2026-O0043) 252.204-7023 Reporting Requirements for Contracted Services 252.204-7997 DoD Assessment Requirements 252.205-7000 Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation 252.211-7008 Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers 252.216-7010 Postaward Debriefings for Task Orders and Delivery Orders 252.219-7996 Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts) 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements 252.225-7036 Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7052 Restriction on the Acquisition of Certain Magnets, Tantalum, and Tungsten 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 252.226-7001 Utilization of Indian Organizations, Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business Concerns 252.227-7990 Technical Data – Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.227-7997 Validation of Asserted Restrictions on Technical Data. 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments 252.237-7010 Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel 252.237-7998 Training for Contractor Personnel Interacting with Detainees 252.240-7997 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements. 252.243-7002 Requests for Equitable Adjustment 252.244-7999 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea 252.247-7028 Application for U.S. Government Shipping Documentation/Instructions Receipt of quote shall be provided no later than 14 May 2026 at 1200 Eastern Time via email to the Contract Specialist Danielle Rhone at danielle.r.rhone.civ@army.mil and Contracting Officer Bobie Burkett at bobie.j.burkett.civ@army.mil. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b7d65cf7552e4b0d948eb88b82c0e04c/view)