---
layout: default
title: Request for Information (RFI) for full service food support for DLA Troop Support's (OCONUS SPV) in Thailand.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7ae3ee2640f1433ebce0c26bd3632dac
---

# Request for Information (RFI) for full service food support for DLA Troop Support's (OCONUS SPV) in Thailand.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-16 08:42:30.998-04
- Solicitation Number: Thailand

## Summary

This is a request for information (RFI). DLA Troop Support’s Outside the Continental United States (OCONUS) Subsistence Prime Vendor (SPV) Program is interested in your comments regarding contracts for food storage for our military and authorized land customers located in Thailand. There is no solicitation available currently. The Government will not pay for any information received in response to this RFI, nor will the Government compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing the information provided to the Government. This RFI does not constitute a commitment from the Government and any information provided in response to this market survey will be used for informational purposes only. Any proprietary information submitted will be protected if appropriately marked as such. Vendor participation is not a promise for future business with the Government. The sole purpose of this RFI is to conduct Market Research. The Government requires storage of Operational Rations and/or other Government Furnished Equipment (GFM) and Local Market Ready products (LMR) at an OCONUS facility or facilities. This storage requirement is subject to several applicable regulations. This is not an RFI for full food service SPV support. OCONUS SPV support includes, but is not limited to, sourcing local food items; receiving and consolidating product; warehousing and inventory management, quality control, quality assurance, and inspections; transportation and security of product, personnel management, and meeting required delivery dates. Again, please note, this RFI is solely for the STORAGE of GFM and LMR only. Please consider responding to the following questions and provide responses to the Government: Please provide the name of your Company and point of contact information. If your company has a Cage Code, please provide that as well. Do you believe your firm can successfully perform the requirements discussed above in the third paragraph of this RFI? If so, please explain why. If not, please explain why. Is your firm a U.S. domestic firm or a foreign entity? If your firm is not a U.S. domestic firm, what is your firm’s country of origin, and what is your firm’s country of primary operations? Is your firm considered a large or small business concern as defined by the Small Business Administration Regulations? Does your firm currently have a warehouse platform(s) in Thailand that would be able to support DLA customers, via storage and purchase of Local Market Ready Products? If not, does your firm have the capabilities to stand up a warehouse platform in Thailand? Identify any constraints that may prevent your firm from developing warehouse platforms in this region. Please include the size of your warehouse which will be used to support the requested requirements. Transportation from the Continental United States (CONUS) to Thailand via the Defense Transportation System (DTS) is generally required. The Prime Vendor under a contract from a future solicitation may be required to use contracts established by the United States Transportation Command (USTRANSCOM) to move product into Thailand. (See questions below regarding applicability of Berry Amendment). As a result, the SPV Contractor will be responsible for preparing and requesting bookings and the USTRANSCOM carrier will be responsible for the transportation of the SPV Contractor’s products from the specified CONUS manufacturer or CONUS distribution facility to the SPV Contractor’s OCONUS distribution facilities. The Government will not be responsible for the risk of loss of product transported via DTS. Would your firm have any issues using the DTS system already established? Your firm will also be required to enter into agreements with the USTRANSCOM carriers, or carrier agreements, to address issues such as claims processing and dispute resolution for losses and damages to contractor cargo. DLA Troop Support will not be involved with carrier agreements, negotiations, or disputes between the carriers and proposed vendors. Would your firm have any issues with this requirement? In addition to an ability to provide domestic products from the United States, a firm may also need to provide Local Market Ready (LMR) items such as FFV and fresh eggs from the local economy under any future procurement that may be solicited. Do you currently have any affiliations with local Thailand LMR providers? If not, does your firm have the ability to get affiliated with local Thailand LMR providers? Also, LMR generally has a short shelf life. Would your firm be able to deliver these types of products with the required amount of shelf life? After placing their orders, many customers expect delivery within 2 days which is qualified as being the normal course of delivery for these customers. Can you accommodate these delivery schedules for these customers? If so, how are you able to meet these short lead times? Would your business be able to comply with these requirements listed above in numbers 1-9? We encourage, appreciate, and would like to thank you in advance for your participation in this RFI. Your responses, comments, suggestions, and ideas regarding support for Thailand customers are requested back by the close of business on Thursday, April 16, 2026. Your responses may be sent via email to the following email addresses: megan.mcgonigle@dla.mil and meghan.freda@dla.mil Contracting Office Address: Meghan Freda DLA Troop Support Philadelphia Directorate of Subsistence/Prime Vendor OCONUS 700 Robbins Avenue, Building 6 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096 Primary Points of Contact: Megan McGonigle Contract Specialist megan.mcgonigle@dla.mil Meghan Freda Contracting Officer meghan.freda@dla.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Meghan Freda
  - Email: meghan.freda@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Megan McGonigle
  - Email: megan.mcgonigle@dla.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7ae3ee2640f1433ebce0c26bd3632dac/view)