---
layout: default
title: PARTS KIT,VALVE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 25e1a36b4a474fb8b4ce2acfd55e729f
---

# PARTS KIT,VALVE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 07:20:43.211-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QZA91

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specification sections C and E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|b| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications Combo - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material ||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|N50286|TBD|133.2||N/A|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|one year from date of delivery|one year from date of delivery||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||x| 1.This is a procurement for the Level One Program. 2.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 3.Drawings can be accessed thru: sam.gov. 4.All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 5.Partial and early delivery of requirement is authorized and desired and is at no additional cost to either the vendor or the Government. 6.NAVSUP WSS will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers. See Clause 252.204-7024. 7.This award will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 8.This is a rated order certified for national defense use and the Contractor will follow all requirements of the Defense Priorities and Allocations System Regulation (15 CFR 700), see clause 52.211-14. 9.This requirement will be issued pursuant to EAF. 10.The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of all certification data CDRLS 20 days prior to delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of certification CDRLS 18 working days after receipt. Final delivery of material (450 days) 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=2643-825-89A2 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7108907 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7285198 |53711| M| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7286278 |53711| C| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B367 | | | |220401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS 6931 | | |D |171201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-9954 | | |D |090416|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Parts Kit for a size 4 inch inch ball valve consisting of one ball and two mating seats must be in accordance with NAVSEA drawing 7286278, Piece 13 (Seats) and NAVSEA drawing 7285198 , Piece 83 (ball), except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.1.1 ;The 3 o'clock keyway orientation in the stem slot from NAVSEA drawing 7285198 applies for the subject ball.; 3.1.2 ;The "H" dimension to locate the keyway pilot hole in NAVSEA drawing 7285198 is 0.625 inches. Note: This does not correspond with the detail view of the valve ball where the "H" dimension is shown to be half the stem slot width.;

3.2 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Ball - Piece 83 on NAVSEA Drawing 7285198; Material - SAE-AMS-6931 OR Centrifugally cast 6AL-4V, ASTM-B367, Grade C-5, with mechanical properties as listed in supplementary Requirement S6. Note: Mechanical properties for bars, forgings and forging stock over 10" must be as specified in the applicable drawing. If the mechanical properties are not provided in the drawing, the mechanical properties specified in SAE-AMS-6931 Table 2 for material 6" to 10", must be applied. Part - ;Seats - Piece 13 on NAVSEA Drawing 7286278; Material - Delrin: Dupont AF DE588 (Teflon Filled Acetal) (Properties Specified Below Only) ITEM PROPERTY ASTM TEST METHOD VALUE (A) Specific Gravity D792 (Note 1) 1.50 - 1.57 (B) Melting Point D2133 or D3418 172 - 184 deg C (342 - 363 deg F) (C) Tensile Strength (MIN) D638 (Notes 1 & 5) 6100 PSI (D) Tensile Impact (MIN) D1822 Type S (Notes 1 & 5) 5 FT-LB/SQ IN (E) Compressive Stress D695 2100 @ 1% DEF. (MIN - PSI) (Notes 1 & 5) 11,000 @ 10% DEF. (F) Water Absorption D570 .30% MAX 24 Hours (G) Rockwell Hardness (R) D785 (Note 1) 115 +/- 15 (H) Teflon Fiber Content (Note 2) 18 - 23% (I) Dimensional Change (Note 4) .7% MAX NOTES: 1. Material conditioning prior to test is at the vendor's option. 2. Teflon Fiber Content - As certified by DuPont (raw material). 3. Visual and Dimensional Inspection of Product (Final Machined Condition) - White Teflon string inclusions must not exceed the following: A. Diameter 1/32" B. Length 1/8" C. Density 6 indications per 100 SQ IN 4. The test method to determine dimensional stability must be performed as follows: The test specimens (finished pieces) tested must be measured at 23 +/- 3 deg C (73 +/- 5F) and placed in a mineral oil bath maintained at 160 +/- 3 deg C (320 +/- 5F) the specimens must remain in the bath for six (6) hours at temperature and allowed to slow cool in the bath at a rate not to exceed 23 +/- 3 deg C (73 +/- 5F) per hour. When the bath reaches 23 +/- 3 deg C (73 +/- 5F), the test specimens must be removed and measured. The percent change in each dimension, outside diameter, inside diameter and thickness must not be greater than the value specified. ^Mineral oil meets the specification as listed below: Description.......................Passes U.S.P. Test (USP XX, P.1143) Solubility........................Passes U.S.P. Test (USP XX, P.1143) Neutrality........................Passes U.S.P. Test (USP XX, P.532) Readily Carbonizable Substances...Passes U.S.P. Test (USP XX, P.532) Limit of Polynuclear Compounds....Passes U.S.P. Test (USP XX, P.532) Solid Paraffin....................Passes U.S.P. Test (USP XX, P.532) Specific Gravity @ 25 deg C (77 deg F).0.8600 to

0.8900 Viscosity @ 37.8 deg C (100F).....73.6 to

84.4 Centistokes (340-390 SUS) Flash Point Cleveland Open Cup....420 deg F (216C) (Typical) Refractive Index @ 20C (68F)......1.480 (Typical) 5. Values are minimum mean values. Individual specimen values may not vary more than 25% below the specified minimum mean value. Should one specimen exceed the 25% criteria, retest is required. Failure to meet the above criteria a second time is cause for rejection.

3.3 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - Non-Destructive Tests Item - ;Weld Repair and/or Production Weld (as applicable); Performance - Per applicable fabrication specification Acceptance - Per applicable fabrication specification

3.4 Ball Spherical Surface Finish - Spherical surfaces of valve balls must be finished as follows: Machine finish spherical surfaces of the valve ball to between 30 and 35 RHR; use lubricant. Grind, hone, or cup polish to 16 RHR maximum; use lubricant (light oil or soap solution). Grit blast with glass bead media (MIL-PRF-9954-MIL 10); use a 3/16 inch ID blasting nozzle (not supersonic type) 4 inches from ball at 75 PSI air pressure. The resulting surface finish should be less than 25 RHR.Perform final polish with SUPFINA Polishing Paste (Pink polishing paste, item code 10100244, Supfina Machine Company, North Kingstown, RI). Apply the SUPFINAPolishing Paste that is initially light pink in color over the entire surface of the ball with a brush and perform a low speed finishing process with both theball and a .250" thick wool pad (Style 22110, Aetna Felt Corporation, Allentown, PA^) turning at the same time with light pressure for approximately 30 seconds^^ (3 revolutions) of the entire surface of the ball. Once the light pink SUPFINA polishing paste that was applied to the surface of the ball turns a grey color, the final finishing process is complete. After the final finishingprocess is complete, the surface of the ball should have a matte dull appearance with a surface finish between RHR 12 and RHR 16. Clean ball with a warm, alkaline solution or a liquid nonionic detergent to remove SUPFINA polishing paste. ^ Reference customer number PLI00499 when ordering wool pad. ^^ CAUTION: Excessive time will cause the ball to be polished in violation of the process."

3.5 Ball Spherical Surface Waviness - Unless otherwise specified on drawing, all sealing area surfaces must have a spherical surface waviness which does not exceed 0.0005 inches of height per inch of spherical surface. Roughness and waviness ratings must apply in a direction which yields the maximum rating, normally perpendicular to the lay.

3.6 Seat Stack Height Measurement - To ensure that each seat is within tolerance, check each seat individually by measuring the seat height with the ball resting on the seat. Limits are determined by the ball diameter tolerance and the stack height tolerance combined. Refer to CSD171 for recommended methods to measure and calculate stack heights. CSD171 is available in the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/.

3.7 A visual inspection shall be performed on the finished seat with acceptance criteria on critical surfaces per CSD167 in the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/.

3.8 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing.

3.9 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings.

3.10 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.10.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.10.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.10.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change.

3.11 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection.

3.12 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.12.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.13 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer.

3.14 Welding Requirements - When production or repair welding is required, the applicable welding procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. In addition, the CONSUMED WELD METAL C of C as defined below must be submitted as part of the certification OQE package submitted by the Contractor. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.14.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). 3.14.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the procedures and qualification data report to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. ''WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC'.' WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ'') 3.14.3 The PCO's authorization for the use of weld procedure(s) and qualification data for the specific application as submitted does not mitigate the vendors responsibility to comply with the requirements of S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, and the contract. 3.14.4 Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings, the repair of wrought material, or the repair of forged material must be obtained via request for waiver from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. Repairs deemed minor or nominal in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 can be made at contractor discretion in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 requirements; however, Weld Procedure Specification (WPS) and Procedure Qualification Record (PQR) submittals are still required. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.14.5 Any new procedure qualification performed under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 72 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 72 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.14.6 When drawings require hardfacing surface Iron or Nickel content not to exceed 5%, the contractor must verify surface Iron or Nickel content by performing chemical testing as defined by the applicable drawing. The chemical test results must be submitted as part of the qualification data. 3.14.7 Additional qualification requirements for production hardfacing thickness less than 1/8-inch: Macro-etch (or legible photomacrographs clearly showing the fusion area) must be submitted for review and show consistent, minimized dilution. All essential elements and any elements not listed in S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 that influence dilution must be in the qualification data and weld procedure, with strict limits placed on each essential element. 3.14.8 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278. 3.14.9 When production or repair welding is required on titanium materials, the applicable fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must also be submitted for review and approval. 3.14.10 If the contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, or active welder qualification has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the applicable documentation to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable documentation. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. The contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must be submitted at the same time as the applicable welding procedure(s) and weld procedure qualification data. All documentation must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format, such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. 3.14.11 A Certificate of Compliance is required for all weld filler metals used for production or repair welding, and must include the following: a) Filler Metal LOT number(s) b) Specification and Type c) A positive statement that the vendor has obtained OQE and verified thateach LOT of weld filler material conforms to specification requirements. d) A positive statement verifying that the weld filler metals were the correct material type or grade prior to consumption. 3.14.12 When production welds or repair welds are performed by a subcontractor,the requirement for submission of all certification documentation required herein must be passed down to the subcontractor.

3.15 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.15.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/non-acceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.15.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.15.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.15.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.15.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption.

3.16 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.16.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.16.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative.

3.17 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately."

3.18 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.18.1 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.18.2 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conforms to specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased product must be dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on the end item represented by this contract. 3.18.3 The prime contractor must evaluate the requirements of the contract and select suppliers based on their ability to supply the product in accordance with the prime contractor's requirements and the contract. Criteria for selection and evaluation must be established. Records of this effort must be available for review by the government. 3.18.4 The prime contractor's supplier quality assurance program must provide for a review of purchase documents to assure applicable quality requirements are included or referenced in the documentation for compliance by the supplier.

3.19 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.19.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.19.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.19.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.19.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.19.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.19.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.19.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.19.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.19.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM.

3.20 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. Materials requiring Traceability and Certification Data are identified within Paragraph 3, Section C of this contract/purchase order. 3.20.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020 and el...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176054608
  - Email: MICHAEL.E.THOMAN2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=2643-825-89A2 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7108907 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7285198 |53711| M| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7286278 |53711| C| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B367 | | | |220401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS 6931 | | |D |171201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-9954 | | |D |090416|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Parts Kit for a size 4 inch inch ball valve consisting of one ball and two mating seats must be in accordance with NAVSEA drawing 7286278, Piece 13 (Seats) and NAVSEA drawing 7285198 , Piece 83 (ball), except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.1.1 ;The 3 o"clock keyway orientation in the stem slot from NAVSEA drawing 7285198 applies for the subject ball.; 3.1.2 ;The "H" dimension to locate the keyway pilot hole in NAVSEA drawing 7285198 is 0.625 inches. Note: This does not correspond with the detail view of the valve ball where the "H" dimension is shown to be half the stem slot width

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/25e1a36b4a474fb8b4ce2acfd55e729f/view)