---
layout: default
title: Polysomnography Sleep and Home Studies for Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 28042fe36c1b49ec9a9ec2d647f68495
---

# Polysomnography Sleep and Home Studies for Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 12:34:36.092-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70626Q00101

## Summary

A. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. B. The Great Plains Area Indian Health Service (IHS) intends to award a firm-fixed price, non-personal service, single award, purchase order to provide Polysomnography Sleep and Home Study Services at the Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility, Belcourt, North Dakota in response to RFQ 75H70626Q00101. C. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-04/2025-06-11. D. This RFQ is set aside 100% Small Businesses and the associated NAICS Code is 621498, which has a small business standard of $25.5 million. E. The quoted unit pricing must be “all inclusive” (to include but not be limited to travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state and local taxes) plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable pricing. Complete the attached Price Schedule for: CLIN 0001 – Polysomnography Services – See Statement of Work – Base Year $____________ CLIN 0002 – Polysomnography Services – See Statement of Work – Opt Period 1 $____________ CLIN 0003 – Polysomnography Services – See Statement of Work – Opt Period 2 $____________ CLIN 0004 – Polysomnography Services – See Statement of Work – Opt Period 3 $____________ CLIN 0005 – Polysomnography Services – See Statement of Work – Opt Period 4 $____________ F. The purpose is to have the capability of providing polysomnography testing or sleep studies along with ancillary equipment that is required for Polysomnography lab testing and analysis that would be provided by the Contractor for Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility. G. The period of performance will be twelve (12) months from date of award, with four (4) additional twelve-month option periods, for a total potential period of performance of five (5) years, if all options are exercised. H. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items and Commercial Services (SEP 2023)(DEVIATION NOV 2025). I. Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed, dated and it shall include: Solicitation number 75H70626Q00101; Closing Date: April 7, 2026 at 12:00 pm CST; Name, address and telephone number of company and email address of contact person; Technical description of the item/service being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements of the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary; Price and any discount; “Remit to” address, if different than mailing address; A completed copy of the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3 (see FAR 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that the offeror shall complete electronically); Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued); Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information); A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. Attachments: Statement of Work Provisions and Clauses incorporated by reference and full text Contractor’s Performance Conditions & Responsibilities Basis of Award is Best Value. Best Value award will be made to the responsible offeror whose quotation represents the best value to the Government, considering technical capability, past performance, and price. Technical Capability will be evaluated based on the offeror’s demonstrated experience performing polysomnography sleep studies and home testing capabilities. Past performance will be evaluated based on relevant prior contracts of similar scope and complexity, particularly within healthcare of federal health agencies. Price will be evaluated for reasonableness and realism in relation to the technical approach. Best Value Determination: Technical factors (1-3), when combined, are more important that price. However, price will be considered in the overall best value determination and may become the deciding factor if quotations are determined to be technically equal. Technical Factor 1 – Technical Capability (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Proposals, which merely offer a statement to conduct/provide services in accordance with the requirements in the Governments SOW, will not be eligible for award. The offeror must submit an explanation that meet the requirements identified under Technical Requirements; Ability to provide accurate and timely polysomnography sleep studies and home testing capabilities. (b) Basis of Evaluation: This factor will be evaluated as “ACCEPTABLE” if explanation meets the requirements identified under Technical Requirements; Ability to perform insurance verification services accurately, efficiently, and in compliance with all applicable privacy and data protection requirements. If an explanation of one or more Requirements is not provided, and/or do not comply with the requirements, this factor will receive an “UNACCEPTABLE” rating. Technical Factor 2 –Past Performance (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Proposals, which merely offer a statement to conduct/provide services in accordance with the requirements in the Governments SOW, will not be eligible for award. The offeror must submit an explanation that identifies the vendor has relevant experience providing polysomnography sleep studies and home testing capabilities. (b) Basis of Evaluation: This factor will be evaluated as “ACCEPTABLE” if the explanation meets the requirement for qualifications and experience capabilities and responsibilities to meet the following: vendor has recent and relevant performance on contracts of similar scope and complexity, particularly within federal or tribal healthcare environments. Quality of service provided, timeliness of the studies and communicating results, customer satisfaction and ability to resolve discrepancies. If an explanation of one or more Requirements is not provided, and/or do not comply with the requirements, this factor will receive an “UNACCEPTABLE” rating. Relevancy: For the purposes of this solicitation, a past performance record is relevant if the CPAR business sector is listed as “Services”. In order to receive an "acceptable" rating for this factor, an Offer's recent and relevant CPARs must NOT include one or more INTERIM and/or FINAL CPARs with a rating of "UNSATISFACTORY" in one or more categories OR one or more INTERIM and/or FINAL CPARs with a rating of "MARGINAL" in two or more categories. If an Offeror has one or more CPARs with a rating of "UNSATISFACTORY" in one or more categories OR one or more CPARs with a rating of "MARGINAL" in two or more categories, the Offeror's past performance will be evaluated as "UNACCEPTABLE". In the case of an Offeror without a record of recent and relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available or so sparse that no meaningful past performance rating can be reasonably assigned, the Offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. Therefore, the Offeror shall be determined to have unknown past performance. In the context of acceptability/unacceptability, “unknown” shall be considered “acceptable.” An “UNACCEPTABLE” rating for a single factor will result in the Offeror’s entire proposal beingrated “UNACCEPTABLE”. IHS reserves the right to make multiple awards, which is most advantageous to the Government. This is a competitive solicitation and the offer your firm submits will be used by IHS to determine, which of the quantities listed within are, “estimate only” and it is not the intent of IHS to be obligated to order the “quantities.” Factor 3 – Price (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Evaluated for reasonableness and realism. (b) Basis of Evaluation: The Government will evaluate price based on the total proposed price calculated as the sum of bid item 0001 Base Year, item 0002 Option Year 1, item 0003 Option Year 2, item 0004 Option Year 3, item 0005 Option Year 4 that includes Contract cost, Subcontractor cost, Overhead and Profit. Analysis will be performed by one or more of the following techniques to ensure a fair and reasonable price: (i) Comparison of proposed prices received in response to the RFQ. (ii) Comparison of proposed prices with the IGE. (iii) Comparison of proposed prices with available historical information. J. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items (November 2023)(DEVIATION NOV 2025). Applied to this acquisition and it’s incorporated by reference. K. Attached are the additional Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) clauses that are applicable. L. Offers will only be accepted electronically, submit via email to the following: Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility Indian Health Service - Belcourt Service Unit Attn: Farrah Azure, Purchasing Agent 1300 Hospital Loop Belcourt, ND 58316 Email: farrah.azure@ihs.gov Questions in regard to this solicitation shall be submitted in writing by email no later than Monday, March 30, 2026, 12:00pm CST. Contractors will need your Unique Entity ID, TIN Number, and be registered with www.sam.gov. No contract award shall be made to any vendor or provider listed on the OIG Exlusion List http://exlusions.oig.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. ACCEPTANCE PERIOD: Your proposal must stipulate that it is predicated upon all the terms and conditions of this RFQ. In addition, it must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 30 days from the date of receipt by the Government. Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Service (IHS) is in the process of implementing an electronic invoicing system In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum “Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing” directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests. IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov “Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer”.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Farrah Azure
  - Email: farrah.azure@ihs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/28042fe36c1b49ec9a9ec2d647f68495/view)