# Q502--Sources Sought | Interventional and General Cardiology Physician Services | Orlando

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 16:54:53.701-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0377

## Summary

Special Notice: Sources Sought The Department of Veterans Affairs, VISN 08, Orlando Veterans Administration Healthcare System (OVAHCS) is seeking interested and qualified sources capable of providing the following services: Interventional and General Cardiology Physician services to include right and left cardiac catheterization, coronary angiogram coronary stent, intravascular ultrasound (IVUS), fractional flow reserve (FFR), intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP), and Impella placement, reading echocardiograms, EKG, and Holter monitor, onsite at the specified facility. Cardiology clinics will be conducted in accordance with the need of the facility and the facility s guidelines. This includes clinical activity and oversight, administrative responsibilities, and adherence to professional standards. Authority: Title 38 USC 8153, Health Care Resources (HCR) Sharing Authority, Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Overhaul Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Place of Performance: Services will be provided onsite at the Orlando VA Healthcare System (OVAHS), 13800 Veteran s Way, Orlando, FL 32827. Period of Performance: The anticipated period of performance for this contract will be from 10/01/2026 through 09/30/2031 consisting of one (1) base year and four (4) one (1) year option periods. Description of Services: The contractor must provide one (1) Full Time Equivalent (FTE) Interventional Cardiologist to perform four (4) to five (5) Cardiac Catheterizations each day Mondays Fridays during normal facility clinic hours and Coronary Intervention as needed. The contractor must provide one (1) FTE General Cardiologist with Heart Failure Training to perform Cardiology Outpatient clinic assistance in reading Echocardiogram, Holter and Electrocardiogram (EKG) results and oversight of the cardiology clinic, reviewing patient cases, and ensuring high standards of patient care. Additional requirements for all contractor s physicians include completion of all clinical documentation in a manner consistent with OVAHCS bylaws and expectations, ensuring accuracy and timeliness, commencing onsite procedures on time, maintaining punctuality and reliability in service delivery, and adhering to the Joint Commission (JC) and VA policies to include Moderate Sedation and Final Time Out. The contractor shall participate in OVAHCS s quality assurance programs, contributing to continuous improvement in patient care, procedural efficiency, and overall service quality. This includes participating in evaluations, audits, and any required training or continuing education programs. The contractor s Interventional Cardiologist must be fellowship trained in Interventional Cardiology and possess at least five (5) years of clinical experience in the field of Interventional Cardiology. The contractor s General Cardiologist must be Cardiology fellowship trained and possess at least (3) years of post-fellowship clinical experience in the field of General Cardiology. License: The Contractor s physicians must have a current license to practice medicine in any State, Territory, or Commonwealth of the United States or the District of Columbia when services are performed onsite on VA property. All licenses held by the key personnel working on this contract shall be full and unrestricted licenses. Contractor s physician(s) who have current, full and unrestricted licenses in one or more states, but who have, or ever had, a license restricted, suspended, revoked, voluntarily revoked, voluntarily surrendered pending action or denied upon application will not be considered. Board Certification: Contractor s physicians shall be Board Certified /Board Eligible. by the American Board of Internal Medicine in Interventional Cardiology (Interventional Cardiologist) and Cardiovascular Disease with Echo Board Certification (General Cardiologist) http://www.abim.org/, and be currently certified in Basic Life Support (BLS) Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) or equivalency. All continuing education courses required for maintaining certification must be kept up to date at all times. Credentialing and Privileging: Credentialing and privileging is to be done in accordance with the provisions of VHA Directive 1100.20 and VHA Directive 1100.21 referenced above. The Contractor is responsible for ensuring that proposed physicians possesses the requisite credentials enabling the granting of privileges. No services shall be provided by any Contractor s physicians prior to obtaining approval by the Facility Medical Executive Board and Medical Center Director. Technical Proficiency: Contractor s physicians shall be technically proficient in the skills necessary to fulfill the government s requirements, including the ability to speak, understand, read and write English fluently. The contractor and all contract staff shall operate in compliance with the highest professional medical standards, adhering to all relevant regulations, guidelines, and ethical standards in the field of International Cardiology and Cardiology. Citizenship related Requirements: The Contractor must certify that the Contractor shall comply with all legal provisions contained in the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952, As Amended; its related laws and regulations that are enforced by Homeland Security, Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the U.S Department of Labor as these may relate to non-immigrant foreign nationals working under contract or subcontract for the Contractor while providing services to Department of Veterans Affairs patient referrals Qualified substitute personnel with credentials comparable to designated key personnel must be fully credentialed and privileged and readily available in the event key personnel are unavailable. Given the importance of continuity of care to the Facility s medical services, the Contractor must maintain a contingency plan to ensure uninterrupted services if a physician departs employment or becomes unable to perform services. This is a request for sources and information only and it is intended for market research and planning purposes, which may or may not lead to a future solicitation. This is not a request for quotations. The VA will not pay for any information received resulting from this Sources Sought notice. Requests for copies of a solicitation shall not be honored or acknowledged. However, if your firm can provide these requirements and it is interested in this opportunity, please provide written notification to the Contracting Officer. SDVOSB or VOSB must be certified in the Veterans Small Business Certification website at: Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) Only responses from authorized company representatives with sufficient knowledge, skills, and experience in providing Interventional/General Cardiology Physician Services will be considered. Product Service Code (PSC): Q502 Medical Cardiology The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code: 621111 Offices of Physicians (except Mental Health Specialists) Business Size Standard: $16.0M Point of Contact(s): Jayne Messer, jayne.messer@va.gov, 239-373-9064 INTERESTED PARTIES: All interested firms must be registered in SAM (System for Award Management) to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Interested parties responding to this Sources Sought request shall submit a capability statement with the following information at a minimum: Point of contact with phone number and email Company name and address SAM.gov Unique Entity Identification code Socio-economic status to identify business class as being a large business, SDVOSB, VOSB, small business, Woman Owned, etc. Documentation relating to capability of performance, including but not limited to: Plan to recruit and retain qualified key personnel to perform the required services Plan for ensuring one (1) FTE Interventional Cardiologist and one (1) General Cardiologist will be onsite daily Monday through Friday during normal facility clinic hours Continuity plan to ensure uninterrupted services and full coverage of required hours Any other relevant documentation supporting the company s capability. The response due date to this Sources Sought notice is March 19, 2026, at 4:00pm EST. Please email responses to Jayne Messer at jayne.messer@va.gov. Only electronic responses will be accepted.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/58abf906f4934b08810c67ecf6a3ab32/view