---
layout: default
title: MOKITS Sustainment - Notice of Intent to Solicit Sole Source
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 7eb0b38db2704a5a98bfb544f4767d5f
---

# MOKITS Sustainment - Notice of Intent to Solicit Sole Source

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 14:58:59.46-04
- Solicitation Number: FA521526R0007

## Summary

All FAR references shown below are in accordance with the Revolutionary Far Overhaul 766th Enterprise Sourcing Squadron (766 ESS), Strategic Acquisitions Flight (PKZ), on behalf of Headquarters Pacific Air Forces (PACAF) Operational Support Division Weapons/Tactics & Ranges (A3TW), intends to issue a follow-on contract using other than full and open procedures to the one responsible source under the authority of FAR 6.103-1(b) -- Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements, on/about 1 August 2026, to Cubic Defense Applications via a new contract action. PURPOSE: In accordance with (IAW) FAR 5.101 -- Publicizing and Response Time, when the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.103-1(b), the agency must transmit notice of the proposed action to the Government Point of Entry (GFE) known as Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) at www.fbo.gov to be published for at least 15 days before issuance of the solicitation or proposed contract action. IAW DFARS PGI 206.302-1, only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements, when utilizing the authority at FAR 6.103-1(b), the contracting officer shall post a request for information or a sources sought, and shall include the results of this inquiry in the justification required by FAR 6.104. The 766 ESS posted a sources sought for this requirement and received 5 responses; of the 5 responses, none were determined to have the necessary pods to complete this work. Due to market research and the current response from private industry leading to FAR 6.103-1(c)(2), where services may be deemed to be available only from the original source in the case of follow-on contracts for the continued provision of highly specialized services when it is likely that award to any other source would result in: 1) substantial duplication of cost to the government that is not expected to be recovered through competition and 2) unacceptable delays in fulfilling the agency's requirements. The resulting information will be used to request approval of the justification IAW FAR 6.104 for other than full and open competition to utilize authority under FAR 6.103-1(b). DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES: The MOKITS provides realistic Air Combat Training to the warfighter and employs instrumentation on high activity participant aircraft and ground subsystem components. The system contains an air-to-air data link on ultra-high frequency for sharing participant GPS based time-space-position-information and is capable of both range-less and ground-based live monitor operations. The contractor shall provide the following IAW the performance work statement (PWS): configuration management, sustainment engineering, logistics, and provide approximately 96 KITS airborne instrumentation pods and maintain functionality of approximately of the 47 government furnished KITS airborne instrumentation pods and four (4) Surface Instrumented Sub-system (SIS) / Real Time Server (RTS) located at the following four (4) locations: Misawa AB, Japan; Osan AB, Republic of Korea; and Kadena AB, Japan. The KITS airborne instrumentation pods utilize proprietary technical data by Cubic Defense Applications to perform information processing over ultra high frequency that the Government has limited and restricted rights towards. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: One (1) 12 month base period year and four (4) 12 month option periods. The resultant contract award will include FAR Clause 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services for a period of performance not to exceed a six (6) month extension of services. The total period of performance shall not exceed five (5) years and six (6) months. OTHER THAN FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION: The agency has identified circumstances which may permit other than full and open competition IAW FAR 6.103-1(c)(2) -- Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements. For DoD services, they may be deemed to be available only from the original source in the case of follow-on contracts for the continued provision of highly specialized services when it is likely that award to any other source would result in: 1) substantial duplication of cost to the Government that is not expected to be recovered through competition and/or 2) unacceptable delays in fulfilling the agency's requirements. INFORMATION REQUESTED: Interested sources shall provide sufficient detailed information and an explanation(s) to allow the agency to: 1) determine its capabilities to perform the highly specialized services, recent, and relevant past performance IAW the attached draft PWS 2) compare the anticipated duplication of costs the government would/could expect to incur to create competition 3) provide estimated potential cost savings the interested source expects to be save the government and how the savings can be recovered through subsequent competition 4) provide a detailed explanation for how the interested source derived their cost savings estimates 5) describe why they believe such proposed efforts are or maybe a reduction in the substantial cost duplication to the government 6) provide detailed information and explanation(s) to address the agency's anticipated unacceptable delays and 7) identify at least two firm schedule limitations (developed by the interested source) and the proposed procedures to mitigate government risk(s), which can be reasonably expected to be associated with this highly specialized contract requirement. The information received will be used to determine if the agency can request approval to award, as being available only from the original source in the case of a follow-on contract for the continued provision of highly specialized services when it is likely that award to any other source would result in substantial duplication of cost to the Government that is not expected to be recovered through competition and/or unacceptable delays in fulfilling the agency's requirements. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 334511 - Search, Detection, Navigation, Guidance, Aeronautical, and Nautical System and Instrument Manufacturing; with a small business size standard of 1,250 employees. RESPONSE DUE DATE: The response date for this notice is 1400 Hawaii Standard Time, 15 days after the publication date that appears on SAM.gov. No calls will be accepted. Respondents for this notice shall first add themselves as an 'Interested Vendor' through SAM.gov of the notice and submit a written inquiry via e-mail to both of the government points of contact (POC): Mr. Jamie Meier, Contracting Officer, at jamie.meier.3@us.af.mil, and SrA Joshua Ziegler, Contract Specialist, at joshua.ziegler.3@us.af.mil. Email shall contain the following subject line: SUBJECT: NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE MOKITS SUSTAINMENT. Interested sources must provide a response via email to both POCs. CONFIDENTIALITY: No classified, confidential, or sensitive information, or proprietary information shall be included in your response. DISCLAIMER: This is not a request for proposal. It does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the government. A determination by the Government to limit competition will be made in accordance with FAR 6.104. Approval to award without competition is solely within the discretion of the Government. No funds are available to pay for preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this technical description is strictly voluntary.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jamie Meier
  - Email: jamie.meier.3@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8084714301
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua Ziegler
  - Email: Joshua.ziegler.3@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8087893110

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7eb0b38db2704a5a98bfb544f4767d5f/view)