---
layout: default
title: Moody AFB Contractor Operated Civil Engineer Supply Store (COCESS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 6b98eae332174246add42d096fa57211
---

# Moody AFB Contractor Operated Civil Engineer Supply Store (COCESS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 07:57:57.945-04
- Solicitation Number: FA483026R0002

## Summary

Amendment 0001: Added Working Statement of Work (SOW) Amendment 0002: Administrative Corrections Amendment 0003: Administrative Corrections (For specifics, refer to Q &A), Updated Attachment K, Y, and SOW, Answered Attachment Z - Q & A, Incorporated 52.208-9 The 23d Contracting Squadron, Moody Air Force Base, Georgia, has issued a Request for Proposal (RFP) for acquisition of a Contractor Operated Civil Engineer Supply Store (COCESS) at Moody AFB, Georgia. Please see attached solicitation package for complete details. Questions and Answers are due 15 April 2026 at 4:30PM EST. Solicitation and attachments will be accepted through 21 April 2026 at 4:30PM EST. A site visit will be held on Monday, 13 April 2026 at 9:00 AM EST. While attendance is not mandatory, it is highly recommended. Vendors are encouraged to inspect the site in order to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance to the extent that information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. Please arrive at the Moody Air Force Base Visitor's Center no later than 8:30 AM EST for check-in (required for all contractors prior to entering the base) to ensure on time arrival for the site visit. Complete the attached base pass form (Attachment U - Base Access Request). Once complete, email the base pass to samuel.garfunkel.1@us.af.mil or lance.dela_cruz@us.af.mil. The scope of work includes: The Contractor shall provide all necessary labor, supervision, equipment, supplies, transportation and materials to support a Contractor Operated Civil Engineer Supply Store (COCESS) located on Moody AFB, Georgia. The Contractor shall source, purchase, receive, issue, deliver, and stock a variety of materials, equipment, parts and supplies for construction, and facility maintenance and repair for use by authorized Civil Engineer Squadron (CES) personnel and Facility Managers. The Contractor will require a Common Access Card (CAC) and access to the Air Force network. The Contractor shall provide a simplified method for Civil Engineer Squadron (CES) personnel and Facility Managers to purchase quality materials, tools and equipment used for work tasks, construction, recurring preventive maintenance, repairs and the Base U-Fix-it program. The Contractor shall be responsible for performing Inventory Technician (InvTech) transactions in TRIRIGA. The Contractor shall have a storefront located in building 980 - CES. The store shall contain a variety of commercial and industrial products and stock high-use/critical/consumable materials for immediate purchase. High-use items are identified in Exhibit 1 – Moody Historical High-Use Items. Common U-Fix-It Items are identified in Exhibit 2 – Moody Common U-Fix-It Item List. Store management and personnel shall provide quality customer service. Performance will commence on or about 1 May 2026. This acquisition will contain one (1) base period from 1 May 2026 through 30 April 2027 and four (4) subsequent pre-priced 12-month option periods. This acquisition will fall under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code of 332510. The proposed solicitation will be competed unrestricted with NO SET-ASIDE for small business concerns. This contract will be a "Subjective Trade-Off", where technical and past performance, when combined, are significantly more important than price; award will be made based on "Best Value" to the Government. The Government reserves the right to award a contract to other than the low proposed price. Prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management Database (SAM) prior to submission of proposals. Offerors are further advised that failure to register in the DoD SAM prior to submission of proposal will render your firm ineligible for award. Recommend registering immediately in order to be eligible for timely award. This solicitation will be available ONLY via the Internet at the following address: http://www.SAM.gov. NO paper copies of the solicitation will be furnished. Any questions in regards to this notice must be submitted in writing or via email to Samuel Garfunkel at samuel.garfunkel@us.af.mil. Alternate contact Robert McKettrick at robert.mckettrick.1@us.af.mil or Lance Dela Cruz at lance.dela_cruz@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samuel D. Garfunkel
  - Email: samuel.garfunkel.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 229-257-3947
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Lee McKettrick
  - Email: robert.mckettrick.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 229-257-3465

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Y, and SOW, Answered Attachment Z - Q & A, Incorporated 52.208-9 The 23d Contracting Squadron, Moody Air Force Base, Georgia, has issued a Request for Proposal (RFP) for acquisition of a Contractor Operated Civil Engineer Supply Store (COCESS) at Moody AFB, Georgia. Please see attached solicitation package for complete details. Questions and Answers are due 15 April 2026 at 4:30PM EST. Solicitation and attachments will be accepted through 21 April 2026 at 4:30PM EST. A site visit will be held on Monday, 13 April 2026 at 9:00 AM EST. While attendance is not mandatory, it is highly recommended. Vendors are encouraged to inspect the site in order to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance to the extent that information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. Please arrive at the Moody Air Force Base Visitor"s Center no later than 8:30 AM EST for check-in (required for all contractors prior to entering the base) to ensure on time arrival for the site visit. Complete the attached base pass form (Attachment U - Base Access Request). Once complete, email the base pass to samuel.garfunkel.1@us.af.mil or lance.dela_cruz@us.af.mil. The scope of work includes: The Contractor shall provide all necessary labor, supervision, equipment, supplies, transportation and materials to support a Contractor Operated Civil Engineer Supply Store (COCESS) located on Moody AFB, Georgia. The Contractor shall source, purchase, receive, issue, deliver, and stock a variety of materials, equipment, parts and supplies for construction, and facility maintenance and repair for use by authorized Civil Engineer Squadron (CES) personnel and Facility Managers. The Contractor will require a Common Access Card (CAC) and access to the Air Force network. The Contractor shall provide a simplified method for Civil Engineer Squadron (CES) personnel and Facility Managers to purchase quality materials, tools and equipment used for work tasks, construction, recurring preventive maintenance, repairs and the Base U-Fix-it program. The Contractor shall be responsible for performing Inventory Technician (InvTech) transactions in TRIRIGA. The Contractor shall have a storefront located in building 980 - CES. The store shall contain a variety of commercial and industrial products and stock high-use/critical/consumable materials for immediate purchase. High-use items are identified in Exhibit 1 – Moody Historical High-Use Items. Common U-Fix-It Items are identified in Exhibit 2 – Moody Common U-Fix-It Item List. Store management and personnel shall provide quality customer service. Performance will commence on or about 1 May 2026. This acquisition will contain one (1) base period from 1 May 2026 through 30 April 2027 and four (4) subsequent pre-priced 12-month option periods. This acquisition will fall under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code of 332510. The proposed solicitation will be competed unrestricted with NO SET-ASIDE for small business concerns. This contract will be a "Subjective Trade-Off", where technical and past performance, when combined, are significantly more important than price; award will be made based on "Best Value" to the Government. The Government reserves the right to award a contract to other than the low proposed price. Prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management Database (SAM) prior to submission of proposals. Offerors are further advised that failure to register in the DoD SAM prior to submission of proposal will render your firm ineligible for award. Recommend registering immediately in order to be eligible for timely award. This solicitation will be available ONLY via the Internet at the following address: http://www.SAM.gov. NO paper copies of the solicitation will be furnished. Any questions in regards to this notice must be submitted in writing or via email to Samuel Garfunkel at samuel.garfunkel@us.af.mil. Alternate contact Robert McKettrick at robert.mckettrick.1@us.af.mil or Lance Dela Cruz at lance.dela_cruz@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6b98eae332174246add42d096fa57211/view)