---
layout: default
title: Market survey-Critical Incident Response Initial Training (CIRP)
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ef6d516f960045c18b7c44b23d0c5770
---

# Market survey-Critical Incident Response Initial Training (CIRP)

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 09:13:15.756-04
- Solicitation Number: AC-26-00825

## Summary

MARKET SURVEY for the Procurement of Critical Incident Response Initial Training (CIRP) NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. ALL QUESTIONS AND SUBMISSIONS MUST BE IN WRITING AND EMAILED TO THE CONTRACTING SPECIALIST. Contact information below. This is a Market Survey to attain information, comments, and capabilities from industry in accordance with FAA Acquisition Management System (AMS) Policy that will aid in the formation of an acquisition strategy and award for the procurement of initial and recurrent ground school, and flight training for the Critical Incident Response Initial Training (CIRP) Responses to this Market Survey will be used for informational purposes only. This is not a screening information request or a request for proposals of any kind. The FAA is not seeking or accepting unsolicited proposals. The FAA will not pay for any information received or costs incurred in preparing the response to this Market Survey. Therefore, any cost associated with the Market Survey submission is solely at the interested vendors’ expense. Interested firms must be registered in the System for Award Management at (www.SAM.gov) to receive consideration at the time of the SIR and for any award. At this time, the nature of the competition has not been determined for this effort. The Government seeks to award a one-time Firm-Fixed-Priced contract for the above-referenced training. The FAA may decide to do a full and open competition or set aside for small businesses, service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses or other eligible socially and economically disadvantaged businesses that are certified by the SBA for participation in the SBA's 8(a) Program. Under Title 49 of the United States Code (49 U.S.C.), the FAA is authorized to train employees as necessary in the exercise and performance of the powers and duties of the Administrator. The interests of the public, the safety of the workforce, and the credibility of the organization are best served by having qualified, proficient, and current pilots and inspectors conducting surveillance, testing, and checking functions. The principal North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this effort is 611512; Flight Training. Vendors shall address the following components within their submittal: 1. Company Information: Please provide your - SAM Unique ID - SAM.gov registry status (a screenshot is acceptable as proof of registry) - Specify if you are a Large or Small business If Small Business; please define your status (e.g., 8a, woman-owned, veteran-owned, etc.) - Point of contact, which include: name, title, telephone number, business address, and email address - Primary NAICS provided on previous contracts - Number of years in business 2. Requirements/Scope: • See Attached DRAFT Performance Work Statement (PWS) Please ensure your response covers, at a minimum, the capabilities for all requirements called out in the PWS. Interested Vendors shall provide insight as to how they meet the training requirements of the PWS in its entirety and provide information on the courses (to include length of the course (hours/days)) required for completion of each type of training. This request is to aid the FAA with the formation of an acquisition strategy and for budgetary purposes. The FAA anticipates this training will be Firm-Fixed-Price. The FAA requires the following be clearly addressed to include an answer to the inquiry and a brief discussion that is not limited to how, what, when, or why. Page count (not including cover) for this information is limited to 20 pages (8½x11 one-sided), 12 font (Times New Roman), with a minimum of 1-inch margins) About your organization: 1. Does your organization currently hold FAA approved training program(s) for the aircraft type(s) listed in the attached Draft PWS? 1 When required per a SIR, the approved program(s) must include a course syllabus, including proposed additions/changes, in sufficient detail to determine compliance with the minimum hourly requirements of the effort. What is the current facility capacity/capability for students within your organization Ability to meet regulatory requirements relating to: Workspace Safety Environmental Impact Quality Assurance Programmatic and personnel changes Classroom/Training Facility Security Capability Statement – This document should identify: Type of training provided by your firm for the aircraft Number of years in business Geographic area where training will be provided Expected approach – Respondents must provide their strategy for accomplishing this work. 3. Submission Time: All responses to this Market Survey should be received by 2:00p.m. Central Standard Time, Thursday, 2 April 2026 electronically to the Contracting Officer using the following email address: Olivia.a.hill@faa.gov. Please include “Market Survey Response: Critical Incident Response Initial Training (CIRP) ” in the subject line of your email. Information provided will not be released, however please appropriately mark PROPRIETARY on any of your documentation submitted as necessary. Please be reminded that this Market Survey is for planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a request for proposal or as an obligation on the part of the FAA to acquire these services. The FAA will not reimburse your organization for any direct, indirect costs or other charges that arise as a result of submission(s) in response to this Market Survey and the FAA’s subsequent use of such information.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Olivia Hill
  - Email: Olivia.A.Hill@faa.gov
  - Phone: 4043055606

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ef6d516f960045c18b7c44b23d0c5770/view)