---
layout: default
title: 5998--Tube System Hardware Upgrade Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare Sys
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c87359c8fa7848b694843e038af3993a
---

# 5998--Tube System Hardware Upgrade Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare Sys

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 10:43:59.589-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0623
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Attachment 1 DRAFT Page 1 of 7 Page 1 of 7 Attachment 1 Page 1 of 7 STATEMENT OF WORK CAVHS - North Little Rock, AR Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS) SCOPE The contractor shall provide all labor, tools, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary to upgrade the Swisslog nexus panels and ITS position Control Boards for Tu s and blowers for the pneumatic tube system in CAVHS NLR FACILITY located at the John L McClellan (JLM) 4300 W. 7TH Street, Little Rock, AR 72205 and at the North Little Rock Eugene Towbin VA Medical Center located at 2200 Ft Roots Drive, Bldg. 170, North Little Rock, AR 72114. Swisslog panel/control board upgrade/install will consist of the following: 16 new nexus panels installed for tube system located at CAVHS North Little Rock. 16 remote personal indicators installed located at CAVHS North Little Rock 34 mini uninterrupted power supplies (UPS) installed at CAVHS North Little Rock. 20 ITS position control boards for TU s and blowers installed at CAVHS North Little Rock. 1 ITS Configuration kit installed at CAVHS North Little Rock. An 8-Port Rocketport Card for each of the new servers. A communication Interface Assembly for each of the new servers. Installation by a Swisslog Healthcare Field Service Engineer for all hardware. Ensure new hardware is working properly at both JLM and North Little Rock CAVHS campuses. GENERAL GUIDANCE Upgrade the tube system hardware on all panels, tu s, and blowers at both campuses CAVHS NLR FACILITIES] located at the North Little Rock Eugene Towbin VA Medical Center located at 2200 Ft Roots Drive, Bldg. 170, North Little Rock, AR 72114. WORK HOURS: All work pertaining to this contract will need to be performed Monday thru Friday unless a Federal holiday falls on one of these days. The time frame will be whatever is needed to work around the different service schedule. Most of the work could be done between 8am to 4pm. Some work outside of normal hours of operations may be necessary (i.e. Electrical) must be coordinated with the project Contracting Officer Representative (COR). On the days listed below delivery shall not be scheduled unless unique situations arrive and prior approval between the contractor and CAVHS parties involved is agreed upon. GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL OBSERVED HOLIDAYS: The Government hereby provides notice and Contractor hereby acknowledges receipt that Government personnel observe the listed days as holidays: New Year's Day Martin Luther King's Birthday President's Birthday Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas 4.2. In addition to the days designated as holidays, the Government observes the following days: Any other day designated by Federal Statute Any other day designated by Executive Order Any other day designated by the President s Proclamation GENERAL REQUIREMENTS Contractor shall maintain the equipment in accordance with manufacturer s standards. CHANGES TO THE STATEMENT OF WORK The CO is the only individual authorized to approve changes or modify any of the requirements under this contract. The Contractor shall communicate with the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) on all matters pertaining to contract administration. The COR is designated to represent the Contracting Officer (CO) in furnishing technical guidance and advice regarding the work being performed under this contract. The foregoing is not to be construed as authorization to interpret or furnish advice and information to the Contractor relative to the financial or legal aspects of the contract. Enforcement of these segments is vested in and is the responsibility of the CO. Only the CO is authorized to make commitments or issue changes affecting price, quantity or performance of this contract. In the event the Contractor effects any such change at the direction of any person other than the CO, the change shall be considered to have been made without authority and no adjustment shall be made in the contract price to cover any increase in cost incurred as a result thereof. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS All documents will be given to the Contracting Officer and or the Contracting Officer Representative in a Word Document, or Adobe pdf and Excel spreadsheet file. CONFIDENTIALITY AND NONDISCLOSURE The Contractor understands and agrees that confidential information (patients, employee, or facility) must always be secured and protected. The Contractor and its personnel shall be held liable in the event a breach of confidentiality occurs as a result of the Contractor or its employees. Each contract employee will be required to read and sign the Contractor Rules of Behavior and provide the original signature page to the COR. SPECIAL CONSIDERATION: All contractors and visitors may be required to adhere to Masking Guidance which requires people to wear a cloth face covering or facemask over their mouth and nose while in specific wards if it is clearly marked on entryway. Mask will be provided if needed in any building of Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS). INFORMATION SYSTEM OFFICER, INFORMATION PROTECTION: The contractor will not have access to VA Desktop computers, nor will they have access to online resources belonging to the government while conducting services. If removal of equipment from the VA is required, any memory storage devices, such as hard drives, solid state drives and non-volatile memory units will remain in VA control and will not be removed from VA custody. PRIVACY OFFICER: Upon arrival at VA Little Rock JLM VA Facility the contractor shall be required to log in with the Electronic Technician shop in room GD101 on the Ground Floor. For any information, the contractor can contact Jacob Stoute in the ET Shop (COR) at 501.257.1188 or cell phone 501.779.2427 This log-in is mandatory as well as wearing the contractor badge issued upon log-in. Please contact the Electronic Technicians there for access to the area/facility needed. The Contractor s FSE(s) shall always wear visible identification while on the premises of the VA. Identification shall include, at a minimum, the employee s name, position, and the contractor s trade name. In addition, the contractor shall submit fingerprints through the VA police for issuance of a VA identification badge that shall be worn at all times while working at a VA facility. The contractor will not have access to protected Patient Health Information (PHI) nor will they have the capability of accessing patient information during the services provided to the VA. The vendor shall not remove/copy/delete any of the EPHI or sensitive information. If a computer hard drive needs to be replaced, the old hard drive must be turned in to the Electronic Technician Shop within Engineering for proper disposal or storage. The vendor will not receive compensation for the hard drive. The contractor, their personnel, and their subcontractors shall be subject to the federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks regarding information and information system security/sensitive information as delineated in this contract. RECORDS MANAGER: Contractor shall comply with all applicable records management laws and regulations, as well as National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) records policies, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. Chapters. 21, 29, 31, 33), NARA regulations at 36 CFR Chapter XII Subchapter B, and those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a). These policies include the preservation of all records, regardless of form or characteristics, mode of transmission, or state of completion. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, all data created for Government use and delivered to, or falling under the legal control of, the Government are Federal records subject to the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) (5 U.S.C. 552), as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a), as amended and must be managed and scheduled for disposition only as permitted by statute or regulation. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, Contractor shall maintain all records created for Government use or created in the course of performing the contract and/or delivered to, or under the legal control of the Government and must be managed in accordance with Federal law. Electronic records and associated metadata must be accompanied by sufficient technical documentation to permit understanding and use of the records and data. Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system or destroyed except for in accordance with the provisions of the agency records schedules and with the written concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. In the event of any unlawful or accidental removal, defacing, alteration, or destruction of records, Contractor must report to Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system. The agency must report promptly to NARA in accordance with 36 CFR 1230. The Contractor shall immediately notify the appropriate Contracting Officer upon discovery of any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of information, data, documentary materials, records or equipment. Disclosure of non-public information is limited to authorized personnel with a need-to-know as described in the [contract vehicle]. The Contractor shall ensure that the appropriate personnel, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established to ensure the security and confidentiality of this information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is properly protected. The Contractor shall not remove material from Government facilities or systems, or facilities or systems operated or maintained on the Government's behalf, without the express written permission of the Head of the Contracting Activity. When information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is no longer required, it shall be returned to Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system control or the Contractor must hold it until otherwise directed. Items returned to the Government shall be hand-carried, mailed, emailed, or securely electronically transmitted to the Contracting Officer or address prescribed in the [contract vehicle]. Destruction of records is EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED unless in accordance with Paragraph (4). The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, contracts. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system guidance for protecting sensitive, proprietary information, classified, and controlled unclassified information. The Contractor shall only use Government IT equipment for purposes specifically tied to or authorized by the contract and in accordance with Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system policy. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any nonpublic Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system information that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected from public disclosure by an exemption to the Freedom of Information Act. The Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system owns the rights to all data and records produced as part of this contract. All deliverables under the contract are the property of the U.S. Government for which Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Any Contractor rights in the data or deliverables must be identified as required by FAR 52.227-11 through FAR 52.227-20.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph Warren
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: joseph.warren@va.gov
  - Phone: 479-444-5011

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: DRAFT Page 1 of 7 Page 1 of 7 Attachment 1 Page 1 of 7 STATEMENT OF WORK CAVHS - North Little Rock, AR Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS) SCOPE The contractor shall provide all labor, tools, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary to upgrade the Swisslog nexus panels and ITS position Control Boards for Tu s and blowers for the pneumatic tube system in CAVHS NLR FACILITY located at the John L McClellan (JLM) 4300 W. 7TH Street, Little Rock, AR 72205 and at the North Little Rock Eugene Towbin VA Medical Center located at 2200 Ft Roots Drive, Bldg. 170, North Little Rock, AR 72114. Swisslog panel/control board upgrade/install will consist of the following: 16 new nexus panels installed for tube system located at CAVHS North Little Rock. 16 remote personal indicators installed located at CAVHS North Little Rock 34 mini uninterrupted power supplies (UPS) installed at CAVHS North Little Rock. 20 ITS position control boards for TU s and blowers installed at CAVHS North Little Rock. 1 ITS Configuration kit installed at CAVHS North Little Rock. An 8-Port Rocketport Card for each of the new servers. A communication Interface Assembly for each of the new servers. Installation by a Swisslog Healthcare Field Service Engineer for all hardware. Ensure new hardware is working properly at both JLM and North Little Rock CAVHS campuses. GENERAL GUIDANCE Upgrade the tube system hardware on all panels, tu s, and blowers at both campuses CAVHS NLR FACILITIES] located at the North Little Rock Eugene Towbin VA Medical Center located at 2200 Ft Roots Drive, Bldg. 170, North Little Rock, AR 72114. WORK HOURS: All work pertaining to this contract will need to be performed Monday thru Friday unless a Federal holiday falls on one of these days. The time frame will be whatever is needed to work around the different service schedule. Most of the work could be done between 8am to 4pm. Some work outside of normal hours of operations may be necessary (i.e. Electrical) must be coordinated with the project Contracting Officer Representative (COR). On the days listed below delivery shall not be scheduled unless unique situations arrive and prior approval between the contractor and CAVHS parties involved is agreed upon. GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL OBSERVED HOLIDAYS: The Government hereby provides notice and Contractor hereby acknowledges receipt that Government personnel observe the listed days as holidays: New Year"s Day Martin Luther King"s Birthday President"s Birthday Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas 4.2. In addition to the days designated as holidays, the Government observes the following days: Any other day designated by Federal Statute Any other day designated by Executive Order Any other day designated by the President s Proclamation GENERAL REQUIREMENTS Contractor shall maintain the equipment in accordance with manufacturer s standards. CHANGES TO THE STATEMENT OF WORK The CO is the only individual authorized to approve changes or modify any of the requirements under this contract. The Contractor shall communicate with the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) on all matters pertaining to contract administration. The COR is designated to represent the Contracting Officer (CO) in furnishing technical guidance and advice regarding the work being performed under this contract. The foregoing is not to be construed as authorization to interpret or furnish advice and information to the Contractor relative to the financial or legal aspects of the contract. Enforcement of these segments is vested in and is the responsibility of the CO. Only the CO is authorized to make commitments or issue changes affecting price, quantity or performance of this contract. In the event the Contractor effects any such change at the direction of any person other than the CO, the change shall be considered to have been made without authority and no adjustment shall be made in the contract price to cover any increase in cost incurred as a result thereof. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS All documents will be given to the Contracting Officer and or the Contracting Officer Representative in a Word Document, or Adobe pdf and Excel spreadsheet file. CONFIDENTIALITY AND NONDISCLOSURE The Contractor understands and agrees that confidential information (patients, employee, or facility) must always be secured and protected. The Contractor and its personnel shall be held liable in the event a breach of confidentiality occurs as a result of the Contractor or its employees. Each contract employee will be required to read and sign the Contractor Rules of Behavior and provide the original signature page to the COR. SPECIAL CONSIDERATION: All contractors and visitors may be required to adhere to Masking Guidance which requires people to wear a cloth face covering or facemask over their mouth and nose while in specific wards if it is clearly marked on entryway. Mask will be provided if needed in any building of Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS). INFORMATION SYSTEM OFFICER, INFORMATION PROTECTION: The contractor will not have access to VA Desktop computers, nor will they have access to online resources belonging to the government while conducting services. If removal of equipment from the VA is required, any memory storage devices, such as hard drives, solid state drives and non-volatile memory units will remain in VA control and will not be removed from VA custody. PRIVACY OFFICER: Upon arrival at VA Little Rock JLM VA Facility the contractor shall be required to log in with the Electronic Technician shop in room GD101 on the Ground Floor. For any information, the contractor can contact Jacob Stoute in the ET Shop (COR) at 501.257.1188 or cell phone 501.779.2427 This log-in is mandatory as well as wearing the contractor badge issued upon log-in. Please contact the Electronic Technicians there for access to the area/facility needed. The Contractor s FSE(s) shall always wear visible identification while on the premises of the VA. Identification shall include, at a minimum, the employee s name, position, and the contractor s trade name. In addition, the contractor shall submit fingerprints through the VA police for issuance of a VA identification badge that shall be worn at all times while working at a VA facility. The contractor will not have access to protected Patient Health Information (PHI) nor will they have the capability of accessing patient information during the services provided to the VA. The vendor shall not remove/copy/delete any of the EPHI or sensitive information. If a computer hard drive needs to be replaced, the old hard drive must be turned in to the Electronic Technician Shop within Engineering for proper disposal or storage. The vendor will not receive compensation for the hard drive. The contractor, their personnel, and their subcontractors shall be subject to the federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks regarding information and information system security/sensitive information as delineated in this contract. RECORDS MANAGER: Contractor shall comply with all applicable records management laws and regulations, as well as National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) records policies, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. Chapters. 21, 29, 31, 33), NARA regulations at 36 CFR Chapter XII Subchapter B, and those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a). These policies include the preservation of all records, regardless of form or characteristics, mode of transmission, or state of completion. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, all data created for Government use and delivered to, or falling under the legal control of, the Government are Federal records subject to the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) (5 U.S.C. 552), as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a), as amended and must be managed and scheduled for disposition only as permitted by statute or regulation. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, Contractor shall maintain all records created for Government use or created in the course of performing the contract and/or delivered to, or under the legal control of the Government and must be managed in accordance with Federal law. Electronic records and associated metadata must be accompanied by sufficient technical documentation to permit understanding and use of the records and data. Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system or destroyed except for in accordance with the provisions of the agency records schedules and with the written concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. In the event of any unlawful or accidental removal, defacing, alteration, or destruction of records, Contractor must report to Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system. The agency must report promptly to NARA in accordance with 36 CFR 1230. The Contractor shall immediately notify the appropriate Contracting Officer upon discovery of any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of information, data, documentary materials, records or equipment. Disclosure of non-public information is limited to authorized personnel with a need-to-know as described in the [contract vehicle]. The Contractor shall ensure that the appropriate personnel, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established to ensure the security and confidentiality of this information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is properly protected. The Contractor shall not remove material from Government facilities or systems, or facilities or systems operated or maintained on the Government"s behalf, without the express written permission of the Head of the Contracting Activity. When information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is no longer required, it shall be returned to Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system control or the Contractor must hold it until otherwise directed. Items returned to the Government shall be hand-carried, mailed, emailed, or securely electronically transmitted to the Contracting Officer or address prescribed in the [contract vehicle]. Destruction of records is EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED unless in accordance with Paragraph (4). The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer"s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, contracts. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system guidance for protecting sensitive, proprietary information, classified, and controlled unclassified information. The Contractor shall only use Government IT equipment for purposes specifically tied to or authorized by the contract and in accordance with Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system policy. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any nonpublic Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system information that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected from public disclosure by an exemption to the Freedom of Information Act. The Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system owns the rights to all data and records produced as part of this contract. All deliverables under the contract are the property of the U.S. Government for which Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare system shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Any Contractor rights in the data or deliverables must be identified as required by FAR 52.227-11 through FAR 52.227-20

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c87359c8fa7848b694843e038af3993a/view)