---
layout: default
title: MK83-7 General Purpose Bomb Body
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 183c3969d7254e3fa993027dde94d976
---

# MK83-7 General Purpose Bomb Body

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 15:23:54.347-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC-26-R-MK837

## Summary

The U.S. Army Contracting Command – Rock Island, on behalf of the Program Manager Close Combat Systems (PM-CCS), Picatinny Arsenal, NJ, is issuing a sources sought announcement in an effort to identify capable sources for the production and delivery of the MK83-7 General Purpose (GP) Bomb Body for Fiscal Year (FY) 2026-2028. BOMB, GENERAL PURPOSE, 1000 POUND, MK 83 MOD 7, EMPTY BODY ASSEMBLY, NSN: 1325-01-564-9947 Each fiscal year is anticipated to have a quantity available for award of up to 5,000 each. Any resulting contract will also contain First Article Test Requirements. ITEM DESCRIPTION: This item is required to support United States Air Force in bombing missions. The MK83-7 GP Bomb Body is used as the building block for the 1,000 pound BLU-110C/B variant GP Bomb. CRITICAL SKILLS/PROCESSES: Manufacture of this bomb body requires special processes, equipment, facilities, and skills; and is a complex process that requires several operations. Critical processes include forming, welding/resistance welding, heat treating, machining, coating, testing, and assembling of the bomb body. Critical equipment and facilities may include: band saws/cutoff machines, forging presses, large induction heaters, water cooling chambers, double end lathes, total indicator reading gages/fixtures, wall thickness gages, flame/plasma arc cutters, metal inert gas/robotic welders, Computer Numerically Controlled (CNC) lathes, submerged arc welders, resistance welders, continuous flow hear treat/draw systems, shot blast systems, multiple spindle drills/tappers, CNC vertical mills/machining centers, proof load testing and hydrostatic pressure test equipment, coordinate measuring machines, Brinell hardness and universal test machine, phosphate/paint systems, and various specialized material handling, all of which must be large enough to handle sizes of steel pipe up to 19 inches in diameter and 98 inches long. Critical skills needed for production of these bomb bodies include forming and heat-treating setup personnel; inspection and testing technicians; maintenance, tooling, manufacturing, and quality control engineers; and machinists. For different stages of the manufacturing process, special inspection and test equipment is required to ensure that the final products comply with U.S. Government requirements. The Contractor will be required to successfully complete the First Article Tests and Lot Acceptance Tests on the MK83-7 bomb body. The MK83-7 bomb body is procured to a U.S. Government Technical Data Package (TDP). *Top level drawing will be provided for the MK83-7 Bomb Body. TECHNICAL DATA PACKAGES: The TDP associated with the MK83-7 is classified as Distribution D – limited distribution authorized to the Department of Defense (DoD) and U.S. DoD Contractors Only. These documents contain technical data whose export is restricted by the Arms Export Control Act (Title 22, U.S.C., SEC 2751, ET SEQ.) or the Export Administration Act of 1979 (Title 50, U.S.C., APP 2401 et seq.), as Amended. Violations of these export laws are subject to severe criminal penalties. Disseminate in accordance with provisions of DoD Directive 5230.25. Interested vendors must be registered with the U.S./Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) to gain access to the TDPs (see www.dlis.dla.mil/jcp/ for instruction and information). Each individual requiring access to the TDPs must have a SAM.gov account prior to accessing the TDPs. Access to the TDP will only be granted to those individuals who are listed as the Data Custodian (block 3) on the DD Form 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Requirement, which was required to be registered within the JCP. The Data Custodian is the sole representative identified to receive export controlled TDPs and drawings. To obtain the top-level drawings, interested vendors with the proper certification in JCP, may request explicit access through the “attachments/links” tab in SAM.gov under this posting. In addition to making the request by the JCP Data Custodian in SAM.gov, interested vendors should also send a copy of their approved DD2345 to the points of contact specified below. This sources sought announcement is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a Request for Proposal or as an obligation on the part of the U.S. Government. The U.S. Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this sources sought announcement or otherwise pay for information solicited. Industry responses to this sources sought will not represent binding offers, and the U.S. Government cannot accept an industry response to form a binding contract. The U.S. Government intends to use any information submitted in response to this request to develop an acquisition strategy for future requirements of this item. RESPONSES: Interested companies who consider themselves capable of manufacturing the MK83-7 GP Bomb Body are invited to indicate their interest by providing the U.S. Government with the following information: Provide a brief summary of the company’s capabilities (a description of the facilities, personnel experience, quality system, and past/current relevant manufacturing experience and processes) and their availability. If a respondent does not have adequate resources (facilities, technical, manufacturing, personnel, etc.) available, then they should demonstrate their ability to obtain those resources and should identify the amount of time required for facilitation and to obtain necessary resources. Any potential key subcontractors should also be addressed, by indicating which key components or processes would be subcontracted and provide a brief summary of potential key component and/or process subcontractors. Current major manufacturing processes and associated critical skills and equipment should also be provided. Discuss the feasibility of, or alternatives to, the U.S. Government’s preferred lead-time of 270 days after award for First Article Test (FAT) approval and 365 days after award for production deliveries to commence. Provide Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) prices for FY26 for the estimated quantities listed above. Respondents are also encouraged to propose economic ordering quantities and provide the schedule(s) to support it. In addition, respondents should provide a ROM on associated FAT(s). Identify minimum and maximum monthly production quantities and identify the available capacity. Intended line capacities (existing or planned) for the bomb case assemblies should be defined. Provide information about your facilities (size, age, condition, location and historical uses) and equipment (age, condition, efficiency and tooling). Identify if your company has ever produced the MK83-7 bomb body. If so, please state when it was last produced, who the customer was, the production rate under that contract, and the contract number. The NAICS code for these items is 332993 with a business size standard of 1,500 employees. Please indicate your business size for the identified NAICS code in your response. Also be sure to provide the company name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, CAGE Code, and DUNS number. In order to be eligible for contracts with the U.S. Government, Contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract resulting from a planned solicitation for these items. Contractors may obtain information on SAM registration by visiting: https://www.acquisition.gov. All interested companies are highly encouraged to get registered in SAM immediately. The U.S. Government will hold all information submitted in a confidential status. For additional information regarding this announcement, please contact the Contract Specialist via email at nicholas.j.brown91.civ@army.mil. Industry responses are requested electronically no later than 12:00PM CT, 7 April 2026 to be considered in the development of the acquisition strategy for this item. Send all responses to Mr. Nicholas Brown at nicholas.j.brown91.civ@army.mil. All responses to this sources sought announcement should reference in the subject: Sources Sought Response for MK83-7 General Purpose Bomb Body.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nick Brown
  - Email: nicholas.j.brown91.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206931092

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/183c3969d7254e3fa993027dde94d976/view)