---
layout: default
title: R606--Sources Sought 36C77626Q0161 Court Reporting Services (VISNs 9,10,12,15,23)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9ae62e417b904b18b6d47d216b476c41
---

# R606--Sources Sought 36C77626Q0161 Court Reporting Services (VISNs 9,10,12,15,23)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 08:20:20.084-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C77626Q0161
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 9 of 9 THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) OR A REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ). THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS IS NOT SOLICITING OFFERS OF ANY KIND. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT INTEND TO AWARD A CONTRACT ON THE BASIS OF THE RFI OR OTHERWISE PAY FOR THE INFORMATION REQUESTED. RESPONSES WILL BE TREATED AS INFORMATION ONLY AND NOT AS A PROPOSAL All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.101(c)(3)(i), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10 (Market Research), the Department of Veterans Affairs is conducting market research to ascertain if there are verified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns that have the capability to provide court reporting services to participating government facilities in Attachment 1 at a fair and reasonable price. This announcement is for informational and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the government, implied or otherwise, to issue a solicitation or award a contract. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has a requirement for court reporting services to the government facilities located in the RPO-Central Region (VISNs 9,10, 12,15 and 23). The Contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supplies, vehicles, certifications, supervision, and all other technologies and technical services to provide Court Reporter services for the VHAÂ MIDCONÂ upon request.Â Â The services may beÂ requiredÂ for, butÂ are notÂ limited to:Â Administrative Investigations, Disciplinary Appeals Boards, Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) hearings or Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) hearings, Office of Resolution Management, or Regional Counsel requirements. It will also be used for any other meetings, events, or previously recorded depositions/testimony that require legal documentation.Â The Contractor shall provide only qualified,Â certifiedÂ Registered Professional Reporter (RPR)Â by theÂ National Court Reporters Association (NCRA)Â to perform these services.Â Â Only one Court Reporter shall be assigned to each administrative process fromÂ beginningÂ toÂ end.Â Â If an unforeseen emergency should occur that would require absence of the assigned Court Reporter, the proposed substitute shall have comparable qualifications to those of the person being replaced.Â Services will either be provided at the required VA Medical Center in a conference room setting or performedÂ virtually viaÂ TEAMS,Â WebExÂ or otherÂ VA approved andÂ agreed upon medium.Â Â Only on a rareÂ occasionÂ will it be necessary for an investigation or hearingÂ beÂ held at a Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) or another location asÂ determinedÂ by the Government. The work to be performed under this contract will be performed within a ten-mile radius of theÂ locationsÂ listedÂ in AttachmentÂ 1: Locations.Â Â Please review the Attachment 3: Draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) for additional information. The purpose of this notice is to determine interest and capability of potential verified SDVOSB concerns relative to the North American Industry Classification code (NAICS) 561492 (Court Reporting and Stenotype Services) with a size standard of 19 million. To make an appropriate acquisition decision for this requirement, the Government will use the response to this RFI. The type of solicitation to be issued and the manner of advertisement will also depend on the response to this RFI. To be considered a SDVOSB concern, offerors shall be verified in www.SAM.gov. Responses to this RFI shall be sent via emailed to lenny.flagg@va.gov and Sharif.Ra-el@va.gov no later than 2:00 PM ET, April 16, 2026. Please include 36C77626Q0161 - Court Reporting Services RFI Response in the subject line of all correspondence. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. Questions received after the specified date and time will not be considered. Please provide your responses on the attached Court Reporting Services RFI Questionnaire Attachment (See Attachment 4 - Court Reporting RFI Questionnaire). Please use attachments 1 4 to provide necessary information in response to the questionnaire.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sharif Ra-el
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Sharif.Ra-el@va.gov
  - Phone: 216-447-8300

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: at a fair and reasonable price. This announcement is for informational and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the government, implied or otherwise, to issue a solicitation or award a contract. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) has a requirement for court reporting services to the government facilities located in the RPO-Central Region (VISNs 9,10, 12,15 and 23). The Contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supplies, vehicles, certifications, supervision, and all other technologies and technical services to provide Court Reporter services for the VHAÂ MIDCONÂ upon request.Â Â The services may beÂ requiredÂ for, butÂ are notÂ limited to:Â Administrative Investigations, Disciplinary Appeals Boards, Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) hearings or Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) hearings, Office of Resolution Management, or Regional Counsel requirements. It will also be used for any other meetings, events, or previously recorded depositions/testimony that require legal documentation.Â The Contractor shall provide only qualified,Â certifiedÂ Registered Professional Reporter (RPR)Â by theÂ National Court Reporters Association (NCRA)Â to perform these services.Â Â Only one Court Reporter shall be assigned to each administrative process fromÂ beginningÂ toÂ end.Â Â If an unforeseen emergency should occur that would require absence of the assigned Court Reporter, the proposed substitute shall have comparable qualifications to those of the person being replaced.Â Services will either be provided at the required VA Medical Center in a conference room setting or performedÂ virtually viaÂ TEAMS,Â WebExÂ or otherÂ VA approved andÂ agreed upon medium.Â Â Only on a rareÂ occasionÂ will it be necessary for an investigation or hearingÂ beÂ held at a Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC) or another location asÂ determinedÂ by the Government. The work to be performed under this contract will be performed within a ten-mile radius of theÂ locationsÂ listedÂ in AttachmentÂ 1: Locations.Â Â Please review the Attachment 3: Draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) for additional information. The purpose of this notice is to determine interest and capability of potential verified SDVOSB concerns relative to the North American Industry Classification code (NAICS) 561492 (Court Reporting and Stenotype Services) with a size standard of 19 million. To make an appropriate acquisition decision for this requirement, the Government will use the response to this RFI. The type of solicitation to be issued and the manner of advertisement will also depend on the response to this RFI. To be considered a SDVOSB concern, offerors shall be verified in www.SAM.gov. Responses to this RFI shall be sent via emailed to lenny.flagg@va.gov and Sharif.Ra-el@va.gov no later than 2:00 PM ET, April 16, 2026. Please include 36C77626Q0161 - Court Reporting Services RFI Response in the subject line of all correspondence. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. Questions received after the specified date and time will not be considered. Please provide your responses on the attached Court Reporting Services RFI Questionnaire Attachment (See Attachment 4 - Court Reporting RFI Questionnaire). Please use attachments 1 4 to provide necessary information in response to the questionnaire

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9ae62e417b904b18b6d47d216b476c41/view)