---
layout: default
title: Monitoring and Delivery of HD5 Grade Propane
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 39551c4003c7431fbd50b08954512af2
---

# Monitoring and Delivery of HD5 Grade Propane

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 10:37:45.905-04
- Solicitation Number: N66604-26-Q-0220

## Summary

REQUEST FOR QUOTE N66604-26-Q-0220 REQUEST FOR QUOTE This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12 Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Request for Quote (RFQ) number is N6660426Q0220. This requirement is being solicited as 100 percent Small Business Set Aside as concurred with by the Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) Office of Small Business Programs (OSBP). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 457210 “Fuel Dealers”. The Small Business Size Standard is 100 employees. The Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) intends to award a Firm-Fixed-Price contract for the monitoring and delivery of HD5 grade propane onsite at NUWCDIVNPT. The contractor shall fill the Government’s 1000-gallon APTF propane tank to when the tank reaches twenty-five percent (25%) full. Delivery shall be completed within forty-eight (48) hours of reading and contractor shall fill tank to eighty percent (80%). Propane shall be Grade 2.1. in accordance with Class 2, Division

2.1 Flammable Gas, and the requirements at 49 CFR 173.115 apply. CLINs 0001 – 0005: Contractors shall submit pricing for the delivery of HD5 grade propane as follows. Contractors may request an Economic Price Adjustment (EPA) upon the exercise of each Option. The EPA for this requirement will be based on the US EIA rates for Wholesale Propane provided for New England. Rate tables can be found at the following address: https://www.eia.gov/dnav/pet/PET_PRI_WFR_DCUS_NUS_M.htm CLIN Unit of Issue QUANTITY DESCRIPTION CLIN 0001 FP-EPA (Base Year) 1 Gallon 9,000 Gallon Delivery of HD5 grade propane onsite at NUWCDIVNPT: 2026-2027 CLIN 0002 FP-EPA (Option 1) 1 Gallon 9,000 Gallon Delivery of HD5 grade propane onsite at NUWCDIVNPT: 2027-2028 CLIN 0003 FP-EPA (Option 2) 1 Gallon 9,000 Gallon Delivery of HD5 grade propane onsite at NUWCDIVNPT: 2028-2029 CLIN 0004 FP-EPA (Option 3) 1 Gallon 9,000 Gallon Delivery of HD5 grade propane onsite at NUWCDIVNPT: 2029-2030 CLIN 0005 FP-EPA (Option 4) 1 Gallon 9,000 Gallon Delivery of HD5 grade propane onsite at NUWCDIVNPT: 2030-2031 CLINs 0006 – 0010: Contractors shall submit a FFP for the provision of remote tank monitoring system and monitoring services for the base and option years as follows. CLIN QUANTITY DESCRIPTION CLIN 0006 (Base Year) 1 Job Remote tank monitoring system/monitoring services: 2026 – 2027 CLIN 0007 (Option 1) 1 Job Remote tank monitoring system/monitoring services: 2027 - 2028 CLIN 0008 (Option 2) 1 Job Remote tank monitoring system/monitoring services: 2028 - 2029 CLIN 0009 (Option 3) 1 Job Remote tank monitoring system/monitoring servicess: 2029 - 2030 CLIN 0010 (Option 4) 1 Job Remote tank monitoring system/monitoring services: 2030 - 2031 NOTE: Options may or may not be exercised and are exercisable at the unilateral discretion of the Government, in accordance with FAR 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services, see below. Options that include EPA will be executed bilaterally. For the purpose of quoting, the Period of Performance for the Base Year shall be 29 June 2026 to 28 June 2027. Location of Performance is Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport, RI. Delivery appointments and submission of a Visit Authorization Request (VAR) are MANDATORY for contractors, their employees, and agents to NUWCDIVNPT. Access to NUWCDIVNPT will not be granted under any circumstance without an escort and a valid VAR on file. A VAR is not required for the submission of quotes. Details about VAR can be found at: https://www.navsea.navy.mil/Home/Warfare-Centers/NUWC-Newport/Contact-us/Mandatory-Visit-Request/ The Government intends to award a single FFP purchase order to the eligible, responsible offeror whose offer represent the lowest price technically acceptable quote. in order to be determined technically acceptable, the offeror must quote the required items, no substitutions, in the required quantities as well as have a CMMC Level 1 or higher. The Government will consider past performance information where negative information within the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) may render a quote being deemed technically unacceptable. The CMMC level required by this RFQ is: CMMC Level 1 (Self-Assessment). This CMMC level, or higher (see 32 CFR part 170), is required prior to award for each contractor information system that will process, store, or transmit Federal contract information (FCI) or controlled unclassified information (CUI) during performance of the contract. See Provision 252.204-7025 and Clause 252.204-7021, included in this RFQ. The Offeror shall provide, in its offer, the CMMC unique identifier(s) (CMMC UIDs) issued by SPRS for each contractor information system that will process, store, or transmit FCI or CUI during performance of the contract resulting from this RFQ. The below FAR and DFARS provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: FAR 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 1 month of the period of performance start date of the option CLIN. (End of clause) FAR 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications FAR 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contraction for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment FAR 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law FAR 53.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Items FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items FAR 52.212-3 (ALT1), Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Items Far 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Items FAR 52.216-2, Economic Price Adjustment-Standard Supplies DFARS 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls DFARS 252.204-7009, Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information DFARS 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting DFARS 252.204-7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support DFARS 252.215-7013 Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors DFARS 252.204?7019 Notice of NIST SP 800?171 DoD Assessment Requirements (NOV 2020) DFARS 252.204?7020 NIST SP 800?171 DoD Assessment Requirements (NOV 2020) Additional Terms and Conditions: Payment will be electronic via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). This requirement does not include Electronic and Information Technology (EIT) and therefore Section 508 compliance is not applicable to this requirement. Active registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) is required prior to award, pursuant to applicable regulations and guidelines. Registration information can be found at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. Instructions for registration are available at the website. OFFEROROS SHALL INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION WITH SUBMISSIONS: Separate pricing for each CLIN 0001 – 0010, Delivery Terms, Company Name, Company Point of Contact (Including name, telephone number, and email address), CMMC unique identifier, Contractor CAGE Code and/or DUNS Number, and Please provide a quote no later than Wednesday, April 15th, 2026, at 1400 Eastern to: Bradley.r.wicks2.civ@us.navy.mil. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me at the above email address.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Bradley Wicks
  - Email: bradley.r.wicks2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 4018326921

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/39551c4003c7431fbd50b08954512af2/view)