---
layout: default
title: AN41--Weekly/Reoccuring Dry Ice Supply Services for Dallas VAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 9d11ca49365340ecbb8698423e3265ab
---

# AN41--Weekly/Reoccuring Dry Ice Supply Services for Dallas VAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 16:14:45.238-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24E26Q0032
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. DOCUMENT TYPE: COMBINED SOLICITATION/SYNOPSIS SOLICITATION NUMBER: 36C24E26Q0032 POSTED DATE: 4/22/2026 ORIGINAL RESPONSE DATE: WEDNESDAY, 4/29/2026, BY 11:59AM ET CURRENT RESPONSE DATE: WEDNESDAY, 4/29/2026, BY 11:59AM ET PRODUCT OF SERVICE CODE: AN41 SET ASIDE: 100% SDVOSB NAICS CODE: 325120 SIZE STANDARD: 1200 EMPLOYEES The solicitation number 36C24E26Q0032 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) in conjunction with FAR Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures and constitutes the only solicitation. Submit written offers only; oral/facsimile offers will not be accepted. All offeror quotes for this solicitation must be received electronically through email no later than Wednesday, April 29, 2026, 11:59 AM Eastern Daylight Time. Offers shall be sent by email to Millicent Covert at millicent.covert@va.gov. Reference solicitation number 36C24E26Q0032 within subject line of the email. Any quotes received after the prescribed date/time shall be considered non-responsive and will not be considered for award. Any questions regarding this solicitation must be received electronically by email no later than Friday, April 24, 2026, 11:59 AM Eastern Daylight Time. All offerors responding must be registered and active in the System for Awards Database (www.sam.gov) to participate. This combined synopsis/solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01, Effective March 13, 2026. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at www.acquisition.gov. STATEMENT OF NEED

1.0 CONTRACT DESCRIPTION AND REQUIREMENTS The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) seeks offeror to provide Carbon Dioxide (Dry Ice) supply for the VA North Texas Healthcare System (Dallas VAMC) with deliveries on a weekly, reoccurring basis. Dry ice is used by Research Service in support of VA Research Protocols and will support MERIT Awards and other funded research projects for all VA research investigators.

1.1 PRICING The Offeror shall submit price quotes for the requirement to the specifications listed in Section 1.2 below. Please enclose the established price list and description of capabilities and product specifications for the required supplies and services. (See Attachment A Offeror Worksheet).

1.2 REQUIRED PRODUCTS & SPECIFICATIONS Interested parties must be able to provide and deliver supplies/services as follows: DRY ICE REQUIREMENTS: Provide dry ice in pellet form Dry ice pellets shall be approximately between 1/2" and 3/4" in diameter Dry ice pellets should be packaged with material covering the ice Provide requirement of 500 lbs (250 lbs per location), weekly, for annual total of 26,000 lbs. The information identified and provided is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, and to indicate the quality that will be satisfactory. The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure their submission demonstrates to the government that they can provide the supplies being requested. DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS: Provide weekly delivery of requirement, every Tuesday, between the hours of 9:30AM and 12:00PM Central Time Should set day fall on a Federal Holiday, delivery shall be made the following day (see Federal Holiday schedule under Period of Performance/Delivery Timeframe, below) Location(s) of Delivery: VA North Texas Healthcare System 4500 S. Lancaster Road Dallas, TX 75216 Building 43, Ground-level Building 1 Clinical Research Unit (CRU), 3rd floor PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE/DELIVERY TIMEFRAME: This is a five (5) year contract (Base Year plus Four Option Years). The Period of Performance is 12 months from the date of award of the contract plus 4 Option years, if executed, for a total of 60 months, excluding all weekends and federal holidays. Federal holidays are: New Year's Day (January 1) Birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr. (Third Monday in January) Washington's Birthday (Third Monday in February) Memorial Day (Last Monday in May) Juneteenth (June 19) Independence Day (July 4) Labor Day (First Monday in September) Columbus Day (Second Monday in October) Veterans Day (November 11) Thanksgiving Day (Fourth Thursday in November) Christmas Day (December 25) ADDITIONAL DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS: Orders shall be made on an on-going basis throughout the period of performance not to exceed stated totals within the schedule without a supplemental agreement between the Contractor and Contracting Officer in accordance with 52.212-4(c) and 52.217-6. NOTE: All shipping shall be inclusive of prices within the schedule and FOB Destination. Quoted prices shall be inclusive of all ancillary costs not limited to, hazardous material cost, surcharges, and shipping. INSTRUCTIONS TO THE OFFEROR The following FAR provision and clauses apply to this solicitation and are incorporated by reference. The solicitation document, incorporated provision and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01, Effective March 13, 2026. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at www.acquistion.gov. This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) FAR 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (OCT 2025) (DEVIATION) FAR 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2023) FAR 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (OCT 2025) (DEVIATION) FAR 52.216-1 TYPE OF CONTRACT (NOV 2025) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.219-73 VA NOTICE OF TOTAL SET-ASIDE FOR CERTIFIED SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.219-75 VA NOTICE OF LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE FOR SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) FAR 52.217-6 OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY FAR 52.233-3 PROTEST AFTER AWARD The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items, applies to this solicitation: ADDENDUM: Offeror shall provide the following, conforming to requirements noted in Section 1.2 - REQUIRED PRODUCTS & SPECIFICATIONS and the instructions below and submit response via email: Offeror shall provide the following Company information to Attachment A, Tab 1 Offeror Information, in Column B: Company Name Doing Business As information, if applicable Street Address Telephone Number Email Address Point of Contact Company s System of Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity ID (UEI) Number Offeror shall provide offer information for each period of performance to Attachment A, Tab 2 Offer, in Column E, for weekly delivery of requirement as described in Description, Column B. NOTE: All shipping shall be inclusive of prices within the schedule and FOB Destination. Quoted prices shall be inclusive of all ancillary costs not limited to, hazardous material cost, surcharges, and shipping. Offeror shall provide verification that their items are not Gray Market such as examples on page below, section Gray Market Items. Offeror shall provide completed RFQ Document (Attachment B), signed at Blocks 30a c, Page 1, and complete applicable areas within Section C Contract Clauses and Section E Solicitation Provisions. EVALUATION 52.212-2 - Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Lowest priced quotation that meets all salient characteristics that is both responsive and responsible. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified with a minimum of at least sixty days, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition The clause at 52.216-1, Type of Contract, applies to this acquisition. The Government contemplates award of a Firm-Fixed-Price contract resulting from this solicitation. 52.217-6 -Â Option for Increased Quantity (Mar 1989) The Government may increase the quantity of supplies called for in the Schedule at the unit price specified. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 10 days, not to exceed 50% of any and all line items. Delivery of the added items shall continue at the same rate as the like items called for under the contract, unless the parties otherwise agree. (End of clause) 52.217-9 - Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. (Mar 2000) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 60 months. (End of clause) Gray Market Items (a) Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers. No remanufacturers or gray market items will be acceptable. (b) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (c) The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract. Accordingly, the VA reserves the right to enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. (End of clause) All offeror quotes for this solicitation must be received electronically through email no later than Wednesday, April 29, 2026, 11:59 AM Eastern Daylight Time. Offers shall be sent by email to Millicent Covert at millicent.covert@va.gov. Reference solicitation number 36C24E26Q0032 within subject line of the email. Any quotes received after the prescribed date/time shall be considered non-responsive and will not be considered for award. Any questions regarding this solicitation must be received electronically by email no later than Friday, April 24, 2026, 11:59 AM Eastern Daylight Time. All offerors responding must be registered and active in the System for Awards Database (www.sam.gov) to participate.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ms. Millicent Covert
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: millicent.covert@va.gov
  - Phone: (Calls shall not be accepted)

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Offeror Worksheet)
- Attachment 2: , Tab 1 Offeror Information, in Column B: Company Name Doing Business As information, if applicable Street Address Telephone Number Email Address Point of Contact Company s System of Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity ID (UEI) Number Offeror shall provide offer information for each period of performance to Attachment A, Tab 2 Offer, in Column E, for weekly delivery of requirement as described in Description, Column B. NOTE: All shipping shall be inclusive of prices within the schedule and FOB Destination. Quoted prices shall be inclusive of all ancillary costs not limited to, hazardous material cost, surcharges, and shipping. Offeror shall provide verification that their items are not Gray Market such as examples on page below, section Gray Market Items. Offeror shall provide completed RFQ Document (Attachment B), signed at Blocks 30a c, Page 1, and complete applicable areas within Section C Contract Clauses and Section E Solicitation Provisions. EVALUATION 52.212-2 - Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Lowest priced quotation that meets all salient characteristics that is both responsive and responsible. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified with a minimum of at least sixty days, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition The clause at 52.216-1, Type of Contract, applies to this acquisition. The Government contemplates award of a Firm-Fixed-Price contract resulting from this solicitation. 52.217-6 -Â Option for Increased Quantity (Mar 1989) The Government may increase the quantity of supplies called for in the Schedule at the unit price specified. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 10 days, not to exceed 50% of any and all line items. Delivery of the added items shall continue at the same rate as the like items called for under the contract, unless the parties otherwise agree. (End of clause) 52.217-9 - Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. (Mar 2000) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 60 months. (End of clause) Gray Market Items (a) Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers. No remanufacturers or gray market items will be acceptable. (b) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (c) The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract. Accordingly, the VA reserves the right to enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. (End of clause) All offeror quotes for this solicitation must be received electronically through email no later than Wednesday, April 29, 2026, 11:59 AM Eastern Daylight Time. Offers shall be sent by email to Millicent Covert at millicent.covert@va.gov. Reference solicitation number 36C24E26Q0032 within subject line of the email. Any quotes received after the prescribed date/time shall be considered non-responsive and will not be considered for award. Any questions regarding this solicitation must be received electronically by email no later than Friday, April 24, 2026, 11:59 AM Eastern Daylight Time. All offerors responding must be registered and active in the System for Awards Database (www.sam.gov) to participate

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9d11ca49365340ecbb8698423e3265ab/view)