---
layout: default
title: FY2026 - FY2027 Projections
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 38fa15c380e14fcd93e18975db701688
---

# FY2026 - FY2027 Projections

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-05 21:03:15.804-04
- Solicitation Number: W912HV-26-Z-0001

## Summary

FOR INFORMATIONAL PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY The Japan Engineer District is pleased to share an informational brief and CMMC Q&A from the recent Information Exchange event with the Ministry of Defense and the Society of Promoting Japan Defense Facilities Resilience. The event was held on 24 March 2026. Two attachments added: (1) JED Brief for MOD Info Exchange (24 March 2026) (2) CMMC QA Discussion for JED and MOD Info Exchange (24 March 2026) ********************************************************************************* 20 February 2026 Update - See attached updated file "FY26-FY27 Projections_Qtr 2 posting_20260220". This update supersedes all previously posted information under this notice. Previous uploaded projections file has been removed. SPECIAL NOTICE – Please see Request for Information at the end of attached projections file. ********************************************************************************* See attached file "FY26 Projections_Qtr 1_20251028" (REMOVED) The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Japan District (POJ) is providing notification of current and projected FY2026 - FY2027 projects, for informational planning purposes. The following requirements will only be solicited to LOCAL SOURCES IN JAPAN through the utilization of full and open competition procedures, unless otherwise specified. Local sources are those organizations which are physically located and licensed to conduct business in Japan. This notice does not constitute a commitment by the Government for any follow-on announcements, solicitation, or award. This notification is NOT a solicitation and information contained in this notice is subject to change. Please continue to monitor SAM.gov for individual project solicitation issuance and updates. Any information that conflicts with this notice and solicitation (if issued), the terms and conditions of the solicitation govern. Industry may submit any comments or concerns regarding these projections to the point of contacts identified below for consideration in Government’s acquisition planning. CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION (CMMC)

2.0 NOTICE Description: DoD published the final CMMC rule on September 10, 2025, ref. 90 Federal Register (FR) 43560, with an effective date of November 10, 2025. DoD’s CMMC Program mandates that all organizations handling Federal Contract Information (FCI) or Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) maintain specific cybersecurity maturity levels to protect sensitive data. CMMC provides a consistent methodology to assess compliance with cybersecurity requirements and standards set forth in the 48 CFR 52.204-21; National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171, Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems. USACE Japan District anticipates that all solicitations and contracts issued on or after November 10, 2025 will require Basic (Level 1) certification or higher. If your company is not certified at Basic (Level 1) or higher you will not be eligible to receive a contract award. See separate attachments for the following informational slides. 1. PIEE New Vendor Getting Started (For vendors that do not have a PIEE account). 2. Create Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) Vendor User Role. 3. Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 1 Quick Entry Guide. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) All interested companies, including joint ventures, shall be registered in the SAM database in order to be eligible for award of Government contracts. https://www.sam.gov. LOCAL SOURCES / ELIGIBILITY Contracts will be performed in its entirety in the country of Japan and is intended only for local sources, unless otherwise specified. Only local sources will be considered. Local sources are sources (e.g. corporations, partnerships, or Joint Ventures [For a Joint Venture, the Joint Venture as an independent entity must satisfy the local source requirements or, in the alternative, each member of the Joint Venture must individually satisfy the local source requirements]) that are physically located in Japan and authorized (i.e. licensed and registered) to perform construction in Japan. Specifically, a prospective offeror must be duly authorized to operate and conduct construction business in Japan and must fully comply with all applicable laws, decrees, labor standards, and regulations of Japan during the performance of the resulting contracts. In addition, offerors/bidders must possess a Japanese civil construction (oku isshiki koji)) license or Japanese architectural construction (kenchiku isshiki koji)) license by the proposal/bid due date and time. The U.S. Government will verify that the offeror/bidder has the license through the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) website at https://etsuran2.mlit.go.jp/TAKKEN. It is the responsibility of the offeror/bidder to ensure that it has the license (Japanese civil construction or Japanese architectural construction), and that it is accurately shown on the MLIT website, by the proposal/bid due date and time. Failure to comply with this requirement will be cause for rejection of your offer/bid. The U.S. Government will not offer “United States Official Contractor” status under Article XIV of the US-Japan Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) to U.S. contractors normally resident in the United States; nor will the U.S. Government certify employees of such contractors as “Members of the Civilian Component” under Article I(b) of the SOFA. JOINT VENTURE. In the event the bidder/offeror is a joint venture, the bid/offer must be signed by an authorized representative of each participant in the joint venture. The joint venture as an entity shall also have an active System for Award Management registration – See FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management. ELECTRONIC BID/PROPOSAL SUBMISSION The US Army Corps of Engineers Japan District (POJ) has transitioned to Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module for bid and proposal submission (unless otherwise specified in the solicitation), to replace DOD SAFE. It is highly recommended that contractors create their PIEE Solicitation Module account as soon as possible and not wait till bid/proposal due date, as access may take time. The following information is provided for reference. Step 1: Complete vendor registration on https://piee.eb.mil/. Instructions for registration can be found through: https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/cap/docs/piee/PIEE_Solicitation_Module_Vendor_Access_Instructions.pdf Step 2: Upload offer in the Solicitation Module through https://piee.eb.mil/. Instructions for uploading an offer can be found through: https://pieetraining.eb.mil/wbt/xhtml/wbt/sol/solicitation/proposals.xhtml Point of Contacts Dr. Nakiba Jackson Contracting Officer // Army, Air Force, Housing Nakiba.S.Jackson@usace.army.mil Phone: 046-407-3398 Ms. Jennifer Knutson Contracting Officer // DoDEA, DLA, Navy, Marine Corps Jennifer.H.Knutson@usace.army.mil Phone: 046-407-8839 Point of Contact (Okinawa) Mr. Jack Letscher Contracting Officer Jack.T.Letscher@usace.army.mil Phone: 098-970-4402

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/38fa15c380e14fcd93e18975db701688/view)