---
layout: default
title: 6640--IHC Instruments, Reagents, and Supplies
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: fb72cd2f187148d9a4176e247b04929e
---

# 6640--IHC Instruments, Reagents, and Supplies

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 12:28:33.074-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226Q0212
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation - Immunohistochemistry 36C25226Q0212 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. This solicitation is available for full and open competition. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 334516 with a small business size standard of 1000 employees. The FSC/PSC is 6640. The Great Lakes Acquisition Center located in Milwaukee, WI is seeking to purchase immunohistochemistry / In-situ hybridization staining system, reagents, and supplies. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services See continuation page list of items and estimated annual volumes. Guaranteed Minimum: $250,000 Contract Maximum Across All Periods of Performance: $2,500,000.00 STATEMENT OF WORK 1. SCOPE OF THE PROCUREMENT: This is a firm, fixed price, Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract for an immunochemistry (IHC) / in-situ hybridization (ISH) staining system, reagents, and supplies. The Contractor shall furnish all personnel, supplies, equipment, and services required for the delivery, installation, and training. Additional reagents, calibrators, controls, consumable/disposable items, parts, and accessories may be added as required. Title and ownership of the instruments shall be transferred to the Government upon completion of the commitment period or terms. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS: The Contractor shall provide 1 automated IHC/ISH staining system for Edward Hines, Jr. VA Hospital and 1 automated IHC/ISH staining system for Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center. Attachment A contains the estimated annual volume of antibodies, reagents, and consumable supplies. The Government does not guarantee the volumes listed. Instrumentation and all products shall be shipped FOB destination. TECHNICAL FEATURES: The system shall meet the performance characteristics for accuracy and precision as defined by the 1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA) and the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) for immunohistochemistry and in-situ hybridization staining. OPERATIONAL FEATURES Ability to stain for immunohistochemical antibodies using DAB, red chromogen, dual and parallel staining protocols Ability to perform in-situ hybridization stain protocols Dimensions no larger than 35 wide per current infrastructure requirements Uninterruptible power supply (UPS) Walk-away capability Precisely scan and track case information, reagent lot numbers, and expiration dates Ability to process a minimum of 60 slides in one eight-hour shift On-board deparaffinization and pretreatment Hands on maintenance less than or equal to 30 minutes daily and one hour weekly Reagent level detection Works with current ready-to-use and concentrate antibody menus already in use at Milwaukee and Hines VA If applicable, the system must utilize Windows 10 or the Contractor shall provide documentation that the equipment is covered under a Microsoft Extended Security Updates (ESU) until the equipment is upgraded. TRAINING The Contractor shall provide an equipment training program. The training program shall include, but is not limited to, training on the operation of the system, data manipulation, basic trouble shooting, and repair. The Contractor shall provide training for a minimum of 2 employees (one per facility). If training is conducted off-site, the cost shall be all-inclusive (i.e. air fare, transportation, room and board, training materials, etc.) for each customer participating. The cost associated with the training shall be incurred by the Contractor. EQUIPMENT PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR SERVICE Contractor shall provide a 12-month warranty on all parts and labor. Telephone support shall be available Monday Friday, 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM. Equipment repair service shall be available during regular business hours, Monday Friday, 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM. Arrangements for repair service will be coordinated between the contractor and Government laboratory personnel. Labor and travel charges for services performed outside normal business hours will be invoiced separately at the Contractor s current rates. The Contractor shall provide hardware and software product improvement updates as they are released. A malfunction incident report shall be furnished to the Government upon completion of each repair call or preventative maintenance. SUPPORT FEATURES The Contractor shall assist with equipment verification according to Government standards including simple precision staining of sequential daily control slides, testing of positive and negative specimens, and acceptable staining range verification per VA pathologists. The contractor shall provide all ancillary support equipment to fully operate the equipment, including an uninterruptible power supply, computer, keyboard, mouse, monitor, barcode reader, printer, cables, connections, etc. The Contractor shall provide an operator s manual and procedure manual. INSTALLATION: The Contractor shall provide a timeline for the delivery and installation of the system. The Contractor shall coordinate the delivery and installation with the Government. DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION LOCATIONS: Department of Veterans Affairs Edward Hines, Jr. VA Hospital Pathology and Laboratory Medicine 5000 South 5th Ave Hines, IL 60141 Department of Veterans Affairs Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center Pathology and Laboratory Medicine 5000 W National Ave Milwaukee, WI 53295 The contract period of performance is five years, including ordering periods of one year each. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023)(DEVIATION OCT 2025) See below for additional instructions FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52#FAR_52_252_1 (FAR) and http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) See below for additional evaluation assessments FAR 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence (SEP 2024) Certain Federal Transactions FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration (NOV 2024)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.225-6 Trade Agreements Certificate (FEB 2021) VAAR 852.215-72 Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023)(DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52#FAR_52_252_2 (FAR) http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) FAR 52.203-6 ALT I. Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (NOV 2021) FAR 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management-Maintenance (OCT 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations (NOV 2015)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) FAR 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2025)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010) (DEVIATION DEC 2025) FAR 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.223-23 Sustainable Products (MAY 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.225-5 Trade Agreements (NOV 2023) FAR 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-3 Protest after Award (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (DEVIATION NOV 2025) VAAR 852.201-70 Contracting Officer s Representative (DEC 2022) VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.215-70 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors (DEVIATION JAN 2023) VAAR 852.215-71 Evaluation Factor Commitments (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) FAR 52.216-18Â Ordering. Ordering (Aug 2020) (a)Â Any supplies and services to be furnished under this contract shall be ordered by issuance of delivery orders or task orders by the individuals or activities designated in the Schedule. Such orders may be issued from the time of awardÂ throughÂ the end of ordering period 5. (b)Â All delivery orders or task orders are subject to the terms and conditions of this contract. In the event of conflict between a delivery order or task order and this contract, the contract shall control. (c)Â A delivery order or task order is considered "issued" when (1)Â If sent by mail (includes transmittal by U.S. mail or private delivery service), the Government deposits the order in the mail; (2)Â If sent by fax, the Government transmits the order to the Contractor's fax number; or (3)Â If sent electronically, the Government either (i)Â Posts a copy of the delivery order or task order to a Government document access system, and notice is sent to the Contractor; or (ii)Â Distributes the delivery order or task order via email to the Contractor's email address. (d)Â Orders may be issued by methods other than those enumerated in this clause only if authorized in the contract. (End of clause) FAR 52.216-19Â Order Limitations. Order LimitationsÂ (Oct 1995) (a)Â Minimum order. When the Government requires supplies or services covered by this contract in an amount of less thanÂ $1.00, the Government is not obligated to purchase, nor is the Contractor obligated to furnish, those supplies or services under the contract. (b)Â Maximum order. The Contractor is not obligated to honor- (1)Â Any order for a single item in excess ofÂ $500,000; (2)Â Any order for a combination of items in excess ofÂ $500,000; or (3)Â A series of orders from the same ordering office withinÂ 90 days that together call for quantities exceeding the limitation in paragraph (b)(1) or (2) of this section. (c)Â If this is a requirements contract (i.e.,Â includes the Requirements clause at subsection 52.216-21 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)), the Government is not required to order a part of any one requirement from the Contractor if that requirement exceeds the maximum-order limitations in paragraph (b) of this section. (d)Â Notwithstanding paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section, the Contractor shall honor any order exceeding the maximum order limitations in paragraph (b), unless that order (or orders) is returned to the ordering office withinÂ 1Â day after issuance, with written notice stating the Contractor s intent not to ship the item (or items) called for and the reasons. Upon receiving this notice, the Government may acquire the supplies or services from another source. (End of clause) FAR 52.216-22Â Indefinite Quantity. Indefinite QuantityÂ (DEVIATION NOV 2025) (a)Â This is an indefinite-quantity contract for the supplies or services specified, and effective for the period stated, in the Schedule. The quantities of supplies and services specified in the Schedule are estimates only and are not purchased by this contract. (b)Â Delivery or performance shall be made only as authorized by orders issued in accordance with the Ordering clause. The Contractor shall furnish to the Government, when and if ordered, the supplies or services specified in the Schedule up to and including the quantity designated in the Schedule as the "maximum." The Government shall order at least the quantity of supplies or services designated in the Schedule as the "minimum." (c)Â Except for any limitations on quantities in the Order Limitations clause or in the Schedule, there is no limit on the number of orders that may be issued. The Government may issue orders requiring delivery to multiple destinations or performance at multiple locations. (d)Â Any order issued during the ordering period of this contract and not completed within that period shall be completed by the Contractor within the time specified in the order, which may include order options to be exercised after the ordering period of this contract but before the end of the period of performance of the order. The contract shall govern the Contractor's and Government's rights and obligations with respect to that order, including options exercised, to the same extent as if the order were completed during the contract's ordering period; provided, that the Contractor shall not be required to make any deliveries under this contract afterÂ delivery has been completed for the last order under an effective in the period of performance. (End of clause) All quoters shall submit the following: INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: Contractors shall submit commercial literature and/or other information describing how they meet or exceed each specification in the Statement of Work. If the commercial literature does not directly address each specification identified in this solicitation, the contractor is required to indicate compliance with those specifications in written format. Contractors shall submit pricing for the complete list of immunohistochemistry (IHC) and in-situ hybridization (ISH) antibodies, reagents, and consumable supplies available to the Government. Contractors shall submit an implementation plan for the installation and method validation of the new equipment. At a minimum, the plan shall describe the services performed by the Contractor and the estimated timeline for the following: Delivery and installation of the equipment Delivery of the validation reagents and supplies Performance of method validation testing Method validation data analysis Training Contractors shall provide the operators manual for all equipment proposed. All quotes shall be sent to brandon.harris@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) EVALUATION/BASIS OF AWARD: The Government will select the quote that represents the best benefit to the Government at a reasonable price. The Government will evaluate the price and technical capabilities. The technical factors are not listed in any relative order of importance. Instrumentation: number and type of instrumentation proposed, throughput, footprint, and integration. Reportable parameters: the breadth of menu. Efficiency of operation: maintenance requirements, service, data management, inventory management, and level of customization. Implementation plan: timeline, training, and method validation. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than January 31st, 2026 09:00 AM Local Time at brandon.harris@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(c). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Brandon Harris Contracting Officer brandon.harris@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brandon Harris
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: brandon.harris@va.gov
  - Phone: EMAIL ONLY

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: contains the estimated annual volume of antibodies, reagents, and consumable supplies. The Government does not guarantee the volumes listed. Instrumentation and all products shall be shipped FOB destination. TECHNICAL FEATURES: The system shall meet the performance characteristics for accuracy and precision as defined by the 1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (CLIA) and the Clinical Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) for immunohistochemistry and in-situ hybridization staining. OPERATIONAL FEATURES Ability to stain for immunohistochemical antibodies using DAB, red chromogen, dual and parallel staining protocols Ability to perform in-situ hybridization stain protocols Dimensions no larger than 35 wide per current infrastructure requirements Uninterruptible power supply (UPS) Walk-away capability Precisely scan and track case information, reagent lot numbers, and expiration dates Ability to process a minimum of 60 slides in one eight-hour shift On-board deparaffinization and pretreatment Hands on maintenance less than or equal to 30 minutes daily and one hour weekly Reagent level detection Works with current ready-to-use and concentrate antibody menus already in use at Milwaukee and Hines VA If applicable, the system must utilize Windows 10 or the Contractor shall provide documentation that the equipment is covered under a Microsoft Extended Security Updates (ESU) until the equipment is upgraded. TRAINING The Contractor shall provide an equipment training program. The training program shall include, but is not limited to, training on the operation of the system, data manipulation, basic trouble shooting, and repair. The Contractor shall provide training for a minimum of 2 employees (one per facility). If training is conducted off-site, the cost shall be all-inclusive (i.e. air fare, transportation, room and board, training materials, etc.) for each customer participating. The cost associated with the training shall be incurred by the Contractor. EQUIPMENT PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR SERVICE Contractor shall provide a 12-month warranty on all parts and labor. Telephone support shall be available Monday Friday, 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM. Equipment repair service shall be available during regular business hours, Monday Friday, 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM. Arrangements for repair service will be coordinated between the contractor and Government laboratory personnel. Labor and travel charges for services performed outside normal business hours will be invoiced separately at the Contractor s current rates. The Contractor shall provide hardware and software product improvement updates as they are released. A malfunction incident report shall be furnished to the Government upon completion of each repair call or preventative maintenance. SUPPORT FEATURES The Contractor shall assist with equipment verification according to Government standards including simple precision staining of sequential daily control slides, testing of positive and negative specimens, and acceptable staining range verification per VA pathologists. The contractor shall provide all ancillary support equipment to fully operate the equipment, including an uninterruptible power supply, computer, keyboard, mouse, monitor, barcode reader, printer, cables, connections, etc. The Contractor shall provide an operator s manual and procedure manual. INSTALLATION: The Contractor shall provide a timeline for the delivery and installation of the system. The Contractor shall coordinate the delivery and installation with the Government. DELIVERY AND INSTALLATION LOCATIONS: Department of Veterans Affairs Edward Hines, Jr. VA Hospital Pathology and Laboratory Medicine 5000 South 5th Ave Hines, IL 60141 Department of Veterans Affairs Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center Pathology and Laboratory Medicine 5000 W National Ave Milwaukee, WI 53295 The contract period of performance is five years, including ordering periods of one year each. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023)(DEVIATION OCT 2025) See below for additional instructions FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52#FAR_52_252_1 (FAR) and http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) See below for additional evaluation assessments FAR 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence (SEP 2024) Certain Federal Transactions FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration (NOV 2024)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.225-6 Trade Agreements Certificate (FEB 2021) VAAR 852.215-72 Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023)(DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52#FAR_52_252_2 (FAR) http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) FAR 52.203-6 ALT I. Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (NOV 2021) FAR 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management-Maintenance (OCT 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government"s Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations (NOV 2015)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) FAR 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2025)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010) (DEVIATION DEC 2025) FAR 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.223-23 Sustainable Products (MAY 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.225-5 Trade Agreements (NOV 2023) FAR 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-3 Protest after Award (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (DEVIATION NOV 2025) VAAR 852.201-70 Contracting Officer s Representative (DEC 2022) VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.215-70 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors (DEVIATION JAN 2023) VAAR 852.215-71 Evaluation Factor Commitments (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) FAR 52.216-18Â Ordering. Ordering (Aug 2020) (a)Â Any supplies and services to be furnished under this contract shall be ordered by issuance of delivery orders or task orders by the individuals or activities designated in the Schedule. Such orders may be issued from the time of awardÂ throughÂ the end of ordering period 5. (b)Â All delivery orders or task orders are subject to the terms and conditions of this contract. In the event of conflict between a delivery order or task order and this contract, the contract shall control. (c)Â A delivery order or task order is considered "issued" when (1)Â If sent by mail (includes transmittal by U.S. mail or private delivery service), the Government deposits the order in the mail; (2)Â If sent by fax, the Government transmits the order to the Contractor"s fax number; or (3)Â If sent electronically, the Government either (i)Â Posts a copy of the delivery order or task order to a Government document access system, and notice is sent to the Contractor; or (ii)Â Distributes the delivery order or task order via email to the Contractor"s email address. (d)Â Orders may be issued by methods other than those enumerated in this clause only if authorized in the contract. (End of clause) FAR 52.216-19Â Order Limitations. Order LimitationsÂ (Oct 1995) (a)Â Minimum order. When the Government requires supplies or services covered by this contract in an amount of less thanÂ $1.00, the Government is not obligated to purchase, nor is the Contractor obligated to furnish, those supplies or services under the contract. (b)Â Maximum order. The Contractor is not obligated to honor- (1)Â Any order for a single item in excess ofÂ $500,000; (2)Â Any order for a combination of items in excess ofÂ $500,000; or (3)Â A series of orders from the same ordering office withinÂ 90 days that together call for quantities exceeding the limitation in paragraph (b)(1) or (2) of this section. (c)Â If this is a requirements contract (i.e.,Â includes the Requirements clause at subsection 52.216-21 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)), the Government is not required to order a part of any one requirement from the Contractor if that requirement exceeds the maximum-order limitations in paragraph (b) of this section. (d)Â Notwithstanding paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section, the Contractor shall honor any order exceeding the maximum order limitations in paragraph (b), unless that order (or orders) is returned to the ordering office withinÂ 1Â day after issuance, with written notice stating the Contractor s intent not to ship the item (or items) called for and the reasons. Upon receiving this notice, the Government may acquire the supplies or services from another source. (End of clause) FAR 52.216-22Â Indefinite Quantity. Indefinite QuantityÂ (DEVIATION NOV 2025) (a)Â This is an indefinite-quantity contract for the supplies or services specified, and effective for the period stated, in the Schedule. The quantities of supplies and services specified in the Schedule are estimates only and are not purchased by this contract. (b)Â Delivery or performance shall be made only as authorized by orders issued in accordance with the Ordering clause. The Contractor shall furnish to the Government, when and if ordered, the supplies or services specified in the Schedule up to and including the quantity designated in the Schedule as the "maximum." The Government shall order at least the quantity of supplies or services designated in the Schedule as the "minimum." (c)Â Except for any limitations on quantities in the Order Limitations clause or in the Schedule, there is no limit on the number of orders that may be issued. The Government may issue orders requiring delivery to multiple destinations or performance at multiple locations. (d)Â Any order issued during the ordering period of this contract and not completed within that period shall be completed by the Contractor within the time specified in the order, which may include order options to be exercised after the ordering period of this contract but before the end of the period of performance of the order. The contract shall govern the Contractor"s and Government"s rights and obligations with respect to that order, including options exercised, to the same extent as if the order were completed during the contract"s ordering period; provided, that the Contractor shall not be required to make any deliveries under this contract afterÂ delivery has been completed for the last order under an effective in the period of performance. (End of clause) All quoters shall submit the following: INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: Contractors shall submit commercial literature and/or other information describing how they meet or exceed each specification in the Statement of Work. If the commercial literature does not directly address each specification identified in this solicitation, the contractor is required to indicate compliance with those specifications in written format. Contractors shall submit pricing for the complete list of immunohistochemistry (IHC) and in-situ hybridization (ISH) antibodies, reagents, and consumable supplies available to the Government. Contractors shall submit an implementation plan for the installation and method validation of the new equipment. At a minimum, the plan shall describe the services performed by the Contractor and the estimated timeline for the following: Delivery and installation of the equipment Delivery of the validation reagents and supplies Performance of method validation testing Method validation data analysis Training Contractors shall provide the operators manual for all equipment proposed. All quotes shall be sent to brandon.harris@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) EVALUATION/BASIS OF AWARD: The Government will select the quote that represents the best benefit to the Government at a reasonable price. The Government will evaluate the price and technical capabilities. The technical factors are not listed in any relative order of importance. Instrumentation: number and type of instrumentation proposed, throughput, footprint, and integration. Reportable parameters: the breadth of menu. Efficiency of operation: maintenance requirements, service, data management, inventory management, and level of customization. Implementation plan: timeline, training, and method validation. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than January 31st, 2026 09:00 AM Local Time at brandon.harris@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(c). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Brandon Harris Contracting Officer brandon.harris@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fb72cd2f187148d9a4176e247b04929e/view)