---
layout: default
title: PowerShare Image Exchange Service
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: e62883c4fd9e442ab56c3dc01d5604d9
---

# PowerShare Image Exchange Service

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-16 11:38:16.031-04
- Solicitation Number: NOI-CC-26-001364

## Summary

This is a Notice of Intent, not a request for proposal. The National Institute of Health intends to negotiate on an other than full and open competition basis with the following vendor: Carahsoft Technology Corporation. Acquisition Description: Purchase of Image Exchange services on a 1-year contract with 2 option years. These services to include the following capabilities/functions: Cloud based storage and access provision for exams generated within the Clinical Center for use by patients and their designees, using the privacy and access platform provided by the service provider. Cloud based storage and access provision to the Clinical Center for those exams uploaded and shared to NIH Researchers and their staff using the privacy and access platform provided by the service. Please note that many of these exams are not from Clinical Center patients but are submissions for review by investigators to determine the appropriateness of the patient for inclusion in the research protocol. Some of these exams submitted will be from subjects already in a protocol and will be included as part of the continuum of care for the patient/subject. Provision of round the clock support/training for on-premises NIH research personnel who will be using the system to review submissions or uploading data from CDs submitted by the patients/subject candidates. Provision of round the clock support for patients who will be loading exams to the system through one-on-one phone and computer-based support methods. Support for all user types within the NIH environment. This includes not only physicians, but technologists, technicians, Research Nurses, Clinical Care Coordinators, Fellows, Trainees, IT Support personnel, and others. Dependency upon a National Provider Identifier must be optional. Vendor support for patients and outside facility access and use of their network 24/7/365 Readily accessible full audit logs of interactions with the exams, including who interacted, what they saw, when they saw it, what else they did with the exam, etc. This must be available at the patient level, the exam level, and the user level. Indefinite availability of patient uploaded exams that have been shared to the NIH Researchers and their staff, to account for patient screening(s) that are not yet appropriate to be included in the NIH CCIIP. The ability to share cohorts of specific exams to specific collaborators, either anonymized or not. These collaborators may be part of a multicenter clinical trial where the NIH is not the responsible center. [J[1] Capability to work with the vendor(s) engineering teams to provide custom services should they arise. Collaborative viewing within the vendors platform for clinical consults and conferences as part of the screening process. Integration with Philips Vue PACS/RIS/Speech as required Ability to support not only our Philips Vue PACS, but our Fuji Synapse VNA, and our Fuji Synapse CV PACS. Import and coercion capability of appropriate exams into the Clinical Center Imaging Informatics Platform(s) (CCIIP) via DICOM and non-DICOM methods. Coercion to include the modification of Patient Identifiers and Exam Identifiers should be available and automation of this process would be optimal. Integration with Altera Sunrise Clinical Manager and, as a phase 2 implementation integration with our Follow My Health Patient Portal. Conformance with NIH Security guidelines as implementation requires Capability for NIH administrator management of archive and caches through web-based application Administrator tools and training for relevant NIH CC PACS/RIS IT support personnel where shared responsibility can assist in issue resolution and reduce issue resolution time. Vendor administrator support with super-user tools and training for appropriate members of Film Library and other departments involved in the import of outside films. Ability to upload to and download from the Vendor’s cloud-based archive. Project Management will work with NIH CC Project Management office Vendor will provide the following upon award: Project Plan Contact List Provision of Issues Management platform Work with our Change Control Provide an analysis of Risk Management Deployment Planning Vendor and Customer Resource management plan Support for Interfaces, Integrations, and software (security vulnerability) support [J[2] External facing vulnerability remediation timelines as below unless superseded by HHS/CISA/BOD requirements • Critical within 15 days; • High within 30 days; • Medium within 60 days; and • Low within 6 months Internal Facing vulnerability remediation timelines as below unless superseded by HHS/CISA/BOD requirements- • Critical within 30 days; • High within 60 days; • Medium within 90 days; and • Low within 6 months. Go-Live support Support for integration into our ‘screening’ workflow, including PACS import upon patient inclusion in Research Protocol Anonymization support for export of NIH data shared through the platform Routing of exam results back to referring physicians outside of NIH Provision of EMR integration for any viewers associated with the platform, for the duration of the contract. This may mean re-instantiation if there is a change in the underlying EMR system, or different viewers are used within your platform.[J[3] Support for external viewers to the vendor’s platform. Support of Purging rules in the Vendor’s archive (if deemed required) Provide support for periodic Security and Legal review The statutory authority for this sole source requirement is 41 U.S.C. 253(c) (1) as implemented by FAR 6.302-1 only one responsible source and no other supply of service will satisfy agency requirements. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. All responsible sources that could provide the required may submit a capability statement that will be considered by email (subject line to reference NOI-CC-25-001364) by 12:00 PM eastern standard time on 03/26/2026 to: valerie.gregorio@nih.gov. All responses received by the closing date of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination not to compete this requirement, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government.

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e62883c4fd9e442ab56c3dc01d5604d9/view)