---
layout: default
title: Great Smoky Mountain National Park Project TN NP GRSM 11(5)
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: afb88c40ef4b40b6a4caa10b8290bd71
---

# Great Smoky Mountain National Park Project TN NP GRSM 11(5)

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 15:35:44.563-04
- Solicitation Number: 693C73-26-SS-0009

## Summary

SUBMITTAL INFORMATION ISSUE DATE: March 27, 2026 DUE DATE FOR RESPONSES: April 27, 2026, 2:00 PM EDT SUBMIT RESPONSES TO: Mr. David Bogner at eflhd.contracts@dot.gov SUBMITTALS SHOULD BE MADE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT Synopsis: This is a Sources Sought Notice and is for information purposes only. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS, OR BIDS. NO SOLICITATION IS CURRENTLY AVAILABLE. The purpose of this notice is to determine the availability and capability of qualified sources for a proposed construction project for the replacement of the Wiley Oakley Drive Crossover Bridge on Great Smoky Mountain National Park. This bridge replacement project is in Sevier County, TN. The scope of work will address the existing bridge deficiencies, while improving safety of the Gatlinburg Spur Road. The project consists of the construction of a new-grade separated interchange featuring an overpass (flyover) bridge, along with the addition of on and off ramps designed to improve northbound and southbound acceleration and deceleration lanes along the Gatlinburg Spur Road. The scope also includes intersections improvements at the Wiley Oakley Drive and Westgate Resort Road, as well as at the Wiley Oakley Drive and Banner Road, to improve traffic flow and safety. Work activities will include full pavement reconstruction along Gatlinburg Spur Road, Wiley Oakley Drive, Banner Road and Westgate Resort Road, and associated pull-offs and driveways. The project will also involve the construction of new retaining walls, installation of pavement markings, placement of regulatory and Uniguide signs, installation of guardrail, and implementation of drainage improvements. In addition, the project includes execution of a Transportation Management Plan to maintain traffic operations during construction, relocation of underground utilities across the Little Pigeon River, installation of a new pump station and other miscellaneous work. The work is divided into bid schedules as follows: Schedule A (Base Contract) - Construction of the Wiley Oakley Drive Flyover Bridge substructure and approaches Schedule B (Option 1) - Construction of the Wiley Oakley Drive Flyover Bridge superstructure Schedule C (Option 2) - Demolition of the at grade Wiley Oakley Drive Crossover Bridge and obliterating the existing roadway approaches. Schedule D (Option 3) - Utilities relocation: Water, Gas, Sewer, Telecommunication and Electric The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Eastern Federal Lands Highway Division (EFLHD), anticipates awarding a construction contract no earlier than December 2026. The cost of the entire project is estimated to be between $40,000,000 to $50,000,000. PRIME CONTRACTORS shall answer the following questions and submit the requested information, as applicable, by e-mail to EFLHD.Contracts@dot.gov (Attn: Mr. David Bogner) no later than 2:00PM (EDT) on April 27, 2026: 1. Do you intend to submit a bid/proposal as a Prime Contractor for the solicitation when it is issued? 2. Provide your full business name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and website (if any). If a member of a joint venture (JV), include relevant information from both members of the JV. 3. Provide your Unique Entity ID and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code; if a member of a mentor-protégé agreement with the SBA, please provide information on both members. 4. Identify your firm’s size standard under NAICS code 237310; Highway, Street and Bridge Construction ($45 Million). All firms shall be certified and registered under the NAICS code 237310 in the System for Award Management (SAM) located at https://www.sam.gov/ at the time an offer is submitted in response to any solicitation. 5. Identify all applicable classifications for your firm such as: large business, small business; woman-owned small business; 8(a) small business; small-disadvantaged business; HUBZone small business; service-disabled veteran-owned small business; etc. Please note that the size of a small business firm includes all parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, etc. Refer to the Code of Federal Regulations 13 CFR 121.103 for information on how the SBA determines affiliation and 13 CFR 121.108 regarding the penalties for misrepresentation of size status. If a member of a joint venture (JV), include relevant information from both members of the JV. 6. Please provide a letter from your bonding agent stating your firm’s capability to bond for a single project of $40 million to $50 million, and your firm’s aggregate bonding capacity. 7. Are you willing to enter into and submit a Project Labor Agreement (PLA) prior to any potential contract award if your firm is determined to be the apparent successful offeror? Please explain in detail. The Project Labor Agreement must meet the requirements of Executive Order 14063 and the policies and procedures of FAR Subpart 22.5 – Use of Project Labor Agreements for Federal Construction Projects: When awarding large scale construction projects (>$35 million), federal agencies shall require the use of project labor agreements for contractors and subcontractors engaged in construction on the project unless an exception at FAR Part 22.504(d) applies as determined by the agency’s Senior Procurement Executive. 8. The government considers this project to be specialized construction. Do you believe the project can only be completed by a limited pool of contractors or subcontractors? Please explain in detail. 9. Please provide any information about availability of relevant unions, unionized and non-unionized contractors in the project area. 10. Is there any other information you would like the government to consider regarding a Project Labor Agreement for this specific construction project? 11. Does your firm have experience within the past five (5) years constructing steel girder bridges on horizontal curves (e.g., curved alignments). Provide at least one (1) example of constructing similar bridges. Include a detailed description of the project, customer name, timelines of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of project. If a member of a joint venture (JV), include relevant information from both members of the JV. 12. Does your firm have experience within the past five (5) years implementing complex Transportation Management Plans (TMPs), including multi-phase and multi-discipline construction? Provide at least one (1) example. Include a detailed description of the project, customer name, timelines of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of project. If a member of a joint venture (JV), include relevant information from both members of the JV. 13. Does your firm have experience within the past five (5) years coordinating and performing complex utility relocations? Provide at least one (1) example project involving underground utilities crossing waterways. Include a detailed description of the project, customer name, timelines of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of project. If a member of a joint venture (JV), include relevant information from both members of the JV. 14. Describe your experience in coordinating with multiple federal, state, and local agencies for the successful completion of a construction project performed within the last 5 years, including a brief description of the project, customer name, timelines of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of project. If a member of a joint venture, include relevant information from both members of the JV. RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCE SOUGHT NOTICE SHALL BE LIMITED TO 10 PAGES, single-spaced, and with font size 12 or larger using Times New Roman or Arial. Page margins must be no smaller than 1”, and page size shall be no greater than 8.5” x 11.” Submission shall be provided in electronic format (Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF). Do NOT submit marketing material, slide presentations, or technical papers. Do NOT submit resumes. Please reference “Sources Sought Notice No. 693C73-26-SS-0009 for Project TN NP GRSM 11(5)” in the subject line of your email.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Bogner
  - Email: EFLHD.CONTRACTS@DOT.GOV
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: C. Shawn Long
  - Email: EFHLD.CONTRACTS@dot.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/afb88c40ef4b40b6a4caa10b8290bd71/view)