---
layout: default
title: NOI- Instrument Maintenance Service IncuCyte SX5 (Preventive Service Plan for serial # IC70052)
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 980f89f42305434c90527e88eb903b1a
---

# NOI- Instrument Maintenance Service IncuCyte SX5 (Preventive Service Plan for serial # IC70052)

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 08:58:13.404-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIAID-02804

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source SOLICITATION NUMBER: PCA-NIAID-02804 TITLE: Instrument Maintenance Service IncuCyte SX5 (Preventive Service Plan for serial # IC70052) RESPONSE DATE: April 28, 2026 at 4:00 pm EST. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: Jaddua Johnston jaddua.johnston@mail.nih.gov Phone: 240-569-0006 INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The Laboratory of Viral Diseases (LVD) carries out investigations of the molecular biology of viruses, the interactions of viruses with host cells, the pathogenesis of viral diseases, and host defence mechanisms. These studies are designed to increase fundamental knowledge and facilitate the development of new approaches to the prevention of treatment of disease. The goals of the Laboratory of Viral Diseases (LVD) are to determine the mechanisms used by viruses to infect cells, express and replicate their genomes, assemble infectious particles, and evade the host immune response. Basic information obtained from these studies is used to design antiviral agents and live and subunit recombinant vaccines. The LVD has a major program of research on the biology of poxviruses and the use of poxviruses to make recombinant vaccines. This work has direct importance for biodefense in view of the great similarity between vaccinia virus and variola virus, the agent that causes smallpox. Much of the research performed at the LVD utilizes the use of live imaging systems for collection of data from samples, and software analysis of that data NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance @ $34,000,000. This acquisition is NOT set aside for small businesses. REGULATORY AUTHORITY This acquisition will be conducted using FAR Part 12 – Acquisition of Commercial Items in conjunction with FAR Part 13 – Simplified Acquisition Procedures, as applicable. The resultant contract will include all appropriate provisions and clauses in effect through the current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC).. STATUTORY AUTHORITY This acquisition is being conducted under the authority of: FAR 6.302-1 – Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements (41 U.S.C. 3304(a)(1)) DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this contract (Preventive Service Plan for serial # IC70052) is to provide coverage for parts and service for any required maintenance of the IncuCyte SX5 during the one-year period of performance specified in the order. The coverage applies to the instrumentation and software/hardware, and includes labor, travel expenses and Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) parts. C. CONTRACTOR REQUIREMENTS The contractor will be expected to deliver: (OEM) certified technician that will perform 1 (one) Preventive Maintenance (PM) inspections during the period of performance. Coverage for repair, OEM parts, labor and travel. Priority response - IncuCytes under warranty in need of repair take precedence over non-warranty units in need of repair. Software Upgrades as released. D. GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES The government will provide access to instruments for service technicians, including escorts from the front guard desk to the instrument. E. REPORTING REQUIREMENT AND DELIVERABLES The deliverables are prompt response to all service requests, with a repair completed within 24 hours. Deliverables are documentation of all service visits, including a listing of any new parts provided. F. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The length of the contract will be 12 months with a Proof of Purchase (POP) of 05/01/2026 through 04/30/2027. G. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The Incucyte SX5 is currently located at: National Institutes of Health NIAID/LVD Building 33 Room 3W20 33 North Drive Bethesda, MD 20892 H. PARTIAL PAYMENT REQUIRED Payments shall be invoiced by vendor and disbursed by the NIH in full before the contract start date. I. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL REQUIREMENTS Certified OEM service technicians will be accompanied by a member of the LVD at all times due to the security requirements of Building 33. J. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA The LVD will independently determine the proper functioning of the instrumentation to determine if service requests were resolved properly, and when it is determined that the instrument is not functioning as expected, the LVD will request addition service support. CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, Sartorius Corporation is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NCATS. The equipment is proprietary to its manufacturer, Sartorius Corporation, and this company is the sole provider of maintenance for this equipment. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only Sartorius Corporation is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: Sartorius Corporation 545-1 Johnson Avenue Bohemia, NY 11716 United States CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, PCA-NIAID-02804. Responses must be submitted electronically to Jaddua Johnston, Contract Specialist at Jaddua.Johnston@nih.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jaddua Johnston
  - Email: jaddua.johnston@nih.gov
  - Phone: 2405690006

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/980f89f42305434c90527e88eb903b1a/view)