---
layout: default
title: Metastable Interstitial Composite (MIC) Lead Free Percussion Primer, Small Caliber Ammunition
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 755f9af49d1943ffa958785e34882364
---

# Metastable Interstitial Composite (MIC) Lead Free Percussion Primer, Small Caliber Ammunition

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 16:12:39.256-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN-26-X-1BG7

## Summary

The U.S. Army Contracting Command - New Jersey (ACC-NJ) is conducting market research on behalf of Combat Capabilities Development Command - Armaments Center (DEVCOM-AC), Munitions Engineering Technology Center (METC), Small Caliber Munitions Division FCDD-ACM-MI at Picatinny Arsenal, NJ. This research is to determine the ability for US-based Contractors to manufacture and produce variable quantities of Metastable Interstitial Composite (MIC) Lead Free Primers (LFPs). These primers are intended for further development and testing of small caliber ammunition from 5.56mm up through Caliber.50. DISCLAIMER: THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) TO BE SUBMITTED. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. RESPONSES WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO THE RESPONDER. NOT RESPONDING TO THIS NOTICE DOES NOT PRECLUDE PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) OR INVITATION FOR BID (IFB) OR RFP, IF ANY ISSUED. IF A SOLICITATION IS RELEASED, IT WILL BE SYNOPSIZED ON THE GOVERNMENT-WIDE POINT OF ENTRY (GPE). IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF POTENTIAL OFFERORS TO MONITOR THE GPE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THIS REQUIREMENT. REQUIREMENT: Use of lead-based primers in military munitions continues to be a leading source of personnel lead exposure and cause of environmental contamination. As such, the US Army is developing a replacement for lead styphnate percussion primer explosives in small caliber munitions with the objective of further eliminating lead in all caliber cartridges. Research and Development (R/D) efforts involving nanothermite-based primers have demonstrated high potential for a lead-free solution. Advances in water-based mixing and automated loading processes were developed to enable production of metastable interstitial composite (MIC) primers. These processes use a MIC-based material with the addition of sensitizers and gas generating agents to tune the performance characteristics of primers. This technology has high potential for automated manufacturing as opposed to traditional methods of handmade primers that directly expose personnel to explosive materials. The Government is seeking pricing information for the following small caliber percussion primers for 7.62mm, 5.56mm and Cal.50 ammunition respectively. Interested contractors are requested to provide detailed unit pricing for quantities ranging from 0 to 50,000 units. To assist in determining the optimal order quantities for the best overall value, contractors are encouraged to provide tiered pricing structures based on various quantity thresholds. The Contractor will be expected to support various meetings (kickoff, delivery status, recurring technical), and shall be able to handle energetics, and produce and test end item MIC lead free primers that meet the requirements of MIL-DTL-46610. The Contractor will work with the U.S. Government (USG) on primer variants with improved/refined primer formulations that will streamline the manufacturing process and reduce cost without sacrificing quality or safety. All work shall be performed in the U.S. The Contractor shall be capable of all aspects of producing the lead-free primer including but not limited to: - Material procurement - Material batch tracking/lotting - Handling energetic materials and mixing operations - Manufacturing of primers (dosing of MIC material, consolidating, finish assembly) - In-process and final inspections - Ballistic testing - Failure investigations - Submission of test reports - Shipment of MIC LFPs in suitable containers. The USG will receive unlimited rights to any/all technical data developed or delivered. The contractor shall not use any internally developed technical data or any other pre-existing proprietary information, if such a use would in any way prevent the Government from receiving Unlimited Rights. Background: The applicable NAICS Code for this requirement is 332992, Small Arms Ammunition Manufacturing, with a Small Business Size Standard of 1,300 employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1305, Ammunition, through 30mm. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. Interested vendors are strongly encouraged to submit a capability statement with the information below. SUBMISSION DETAILS: If your organization has the potential capacity to provide the required services, please provide the following information: 1) NAICS and PSC. 2) Full company name, address, primary points of contact and their email addresses, Web site address, telephone number, CAGE Code and DUNS number, and size of business (i.e. large, small, disadvantaged, veteran owned, woman owned, etc.). 3) Ability to provide a product that meets the above specifications. 4) Past Performance: To demonstrate capability, interested parties are requested to provide evidence of past performance. This should include relevant contract numbers, the corresponding dollar values, and points of contact for verification. For each reference, please include a brief description of the work performed to illustrate your experience in providing this or similar products. Vendors must be properly registered in the Government System for Award Management database (SAM). Contractors may obtain information on SAM registration and annual confirmation of requirements by calling 1-866-606-8220, or via the Internet at www.sam.gov. This is a market survey for information only and shall not be construed as a request for a proposal or as an obligation on the part of the US Government. The US Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this market survey or otherwise pay for information solicited. Official responses must be submitted at no cost to the US Government by 1:00PM eastern daylight time April 15, 2026, via electronic submittals to Gloria Thoguluva, Contracting Officer (gloria.thoguluva.civ@army.mil) and Roseanne Hooven, Contract Specialist (roseanne.hooven2.civ@army.mil). Phone inquiries will not be addressed; all requests should be submitted in writing via email. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the survey.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Roseanne Hooven
  - Email: roseanne.hooven2.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Gloria Thoguluva
  - Email: gloria.thoguluva.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/755f9af49d1943ffa958785e34882364/view)