---
layout: default
title: Cloud Based Internet Isolation Service
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 1248c4b9b25642a78dc24b0ac96676a1
---

# Cloud Based Internet Isolation Service

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 12:51:30.459-04
- Solicitation Number: HC108426R0005

## Summary

March 26, 2026: The purpose of this amendment is for the following: A. Attachment 9, RFP Question and Answer Template_Amend 0005 has been updated to provide answers to additional questions. B. Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0005 has been updated to change Maximum # of Users to Units. C. Addendum to 52.212-1(a) Factor 2. Price (b) has been updated to state, “Surge support will be provided at the same rates proposed and found fair and reasonable at time of contract award for the applicable period of performance.” D. Add DFARS Clause 252.232-7007, Limitation of Government's Obligation (April 2014). E. Add H6, Option to Exercise Surge Support (March 2023). F. Proposal due date remains March 30, 2026 by 12:00 PM CST. March 24, 2026: The purpose of this amendment is as follows: A. Attachment 1, PWS_Amend 0004, Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0004 and Attachment 9, RFP Question and Answer Template_Amend 0004 have all been updated to reflect the removal usage-based pricing. B. CLINS x001 and x002 have been updated to reflect the removal of usage-based pricing. C. Addendum to 52.212-1 Pricing Information has been updated. D. Additional questions are due March 26, 2026 at 10:00 AM CST. E. Proposal due date has been extended to March 30, 2026 at 12:00 PM CST. Any previous proposal submission shall be resubmitted in their entirety with this amendment. March 12, 2026: The purpose of this RFP Amendment is as follow s: A. Attachment 1, PWS_Amend 0003 and Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0003 has been updated based on responses to additional questions. B. Attachment 9, RFP Question and Answer Template_Amend 0003 has been updated to provide answers to additional questions. C. Addendum to 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 Pricing Information has been updated. D. Proposal due date remains unchanged. Proposals are due March 23, 2026 at 3PM CST. March 9, 2026: The purpose of this RFP Amendment is as follows: A. Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0002 has been updated. B. Attachment 9, RFP Question and Answers Template_Amend 0002 has been updated to amend responses to questions to 51, 126 & 127. C. The CLIN description for CLIN x002 has been updated. D. FAR Clause 52.217-7, Option for Increased Quantity-Separately Priced Line Item has been added. E. Addendum to 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 Pricing Information has been updated. F. Question due date remains unchanged. Questions are due by March 11, 2026 at 3PM CST. G. Proposal due date remains unchanged. Proposals are due March 23, 2026 at 3PM CST. March 6, 2026: The purpose of this amendment is as follows: A. Proposal due date has been extended to March 23, 2026, at 3PM CST. B. Questions are due by March 11, 2026, at 3PM CST. C. Attachment 9, RFP Questions and Answers Template_Amend 0001 has been updated to provide answers to questions. D. The following attachments are updated/provided based on responses to questions: 1. Attachment 1, PWS_Amend 0001 2. Attachment 2, QASP_Amend 0001 3. Attachment 4, CDRLS_Amend 0001 4. Attachment 10_CUI_CBII JA, Redacted E. An updated Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0001 and Addendum

52.212 Price Volume III will be forthcoming. Update: Include Attachment 10, CUI_CBII JA_Redacted. Amended RFP is forthcoming to address questions. Solicitation number HC108426R0005 is issued as a request for proposal (RFP). This requirement is for proprietary, commercial off-the-shelf, brand-name Menlo Security, Inc.’s Cloud Browser product, as a Menlo Security, Inc. reseller-provided managed service, providing the Department of War’s remote browsing isolation solution for Cloud Based Internet Isolation (CBII) service. The action includes the renewal of existing subscription licenses, the procurement of new subscription licenses, and the incorporation of Menlo Security, Inc.’s Highly Evasive and Adaptive Threats Shield with Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning capabilities to enhance cybersecurity measures.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angela Zang
  - Email: angela.k.zang.civ@mail.mil
  - Phone: 6678900997
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Melissa A. Weh
  - Email: melissa.a.weh.civ@mail.mil
  - Phone: 6678911281

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , RFP Question and Answer Template_Amend 0005 has been updated to provide answers to additional questions. B. Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0005 has been updated to change Maximum # of Users to Units. C. Addendum to 52.212-1(a) Factor 2. Price (b) has been updated to state, “Surge support will be provided at the same rates proposed and found fair and reasonable at time of contract award for the applicable period of performance.” D. Add DFARS Clause 252.232-7007, Limitation of Government"s Obligation (April 2014). E. Add H6, Option to Exercise Surge Support (March 2023). F. Proposal due date remains March 30, 2026 by 12:00 PM CST. March 24, 2026: The purpose of this amendment is as follows: A. Attachment 1, PWS_Amend 0004, Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0004 and Attachment 9, RFP Question and Answer Template_Amend 0004 have all been updated to reflect the removal usage-based pricing. B. CLINS x001 and x002 have been updated to reflect the removal of usage-based pricing. C. Addendum to 52.212-1 Pricing Information has been updated. D. Additional questions are due March 26, 2026 at 10:00 AM CST. E. Proposal due date has been extended to March 30, 2026 at 12:00 PM CST. Any previous proposal submission shall be resubmitted in their entirety with this amendment. March 12, 2026: The purpose of this RFP Amendment is as follow s: A. Attachment 1, PWS_Amend 0003 and Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0003 has been updated based on responses to additional questions. B. Attachment 9, RFP Question and Answer Template_Amend 0003 has been updated to provide answers to additional questions. C. Addendum to 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 Pricing Information has been updated. D. Proposal due date remains unchanged. Proposals are due March 23, 2026 at 3PM CST. March 9, 2026: The purpose of this RFP Amendment is as follows: A. Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0002 has been updated. B. Attachment 9, RFP Question and Answers Template_Amend 0002 has been updated to amend responses to questions to 51, 126 & 127. C. The CLIN description for CLIN x002 has been updated. D. FAR Clause 52.217-7, Option for Increased Quantity-Separately Priced Line Item has been added. E. Addendum to 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 Pricing Information has been updated. F. Question due date remains unchanged. Questions are due by March 11, 2026 at 3PM CST. G. Proposal due date remains unchanged. Proposals are due March 23, 2026 at 3PM CST. March 6, 2026: The purpose of this amendment is as follows: A. Proposal due date has been extended to March 23, 2026, at 3PM CST. B. Questions are due by March 11, 2026, at 3PM CST. C. Attachment 9, RFP Questions and Answers Template_Amend 0001 has been updated to provide answers to questions. D. The following attachments are updated/provided based on responses to questions: 1. Attachment 1, PWS_Amend 0001 2. Attachment 2, QASP_Amend 0001 3. Attachment 4, CDRLS_Amend 0001 4. Attachment 10_CUI_CBII JA, Redacted E. An updated Attachment 3, CLIN Pricing Worksheet_Amend 0001 and Addendum
- Attachment 2: , CUI_CBII JA_Redacted. Amended RFP is forthcoming to address questions. Solicitation number HC108426R0005 is issued as a request for proposal (RFP). This requirement is for proprietary, commercial off-the-shelf, brand-name Menlo Security, Inc.’s Cloud Browser product, as a Menlo Security, Inc. reseller-provided managed service, providing the Department of War’s remote browsing isolation solution for Cloud Based Internet Isolation (CBII) service. The action includes the renewal of existing subscription licenses, the procurement of new subscription licenses, and the incorporation of Menlo Security, Inc.’s Highly Evasive and Adaptive Threats Shield with Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning capabilities to enhance cybersecurity measures

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1248c4b9b25642a78dc24b0ac96676a1/view)