---
layout: default
title: 43--PUMP UNIT,CENTRIFUG, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d4de091dccb846aab2f2b628e3c7c337
---

# 43--PUMP UNIT,CENTRIFUG, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 09:02:44.984-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426RLA88

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N713.26|HGA|(771) 229-1473|JOSEPH.D.WEAVER22.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|ISO 9001| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|COMBO INVOICE & RECEIVING||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|4||||| SAFEGUARDING SENSITIVE CONVENTIONAL ARMS, AMMUNITION, AND EXPLOSIVES (NOV 2023))|9|||||||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| COST ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOTICES AND CERTIFICATION (DEV 2026-O0006)(FEB 2026)|1|| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS -- COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (NOV 2021)|2||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FFP| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| OFFERORS SHALL SUBMIT PROPOSALS VIA NECO OR EMAIL ONLY. THIS RFP IS FOR REPAIR. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. SECTION L L0X - SUBMISSION OF PROPOSALS I.GENERAL In addition to instructions to offerors contained elsewhere in this solicitation, the following instructions are provided. Proposals are to be submitted to the Contracting Officer on or before the closing date/time cited elsewhere in this Request for Proposals. Proposals shall comply with the detailed instructions for the format and content of the proposals contained herein; proposals that do not comply may be considered unacceptable and may render the proposal ineligible for award. Offerors shall submit their proposals in two separate volumes as follows: Volume I Non-Price Proposal Volume II Price Proposal In addition, offers shall consist of and shall include the following items as part of Volume II: Solicitation cover sheet with appropriate blocks completed by the offeror. Solicitation pricing pages completed by the offeror Acknowledgement of solicitation amendments pursuant to FAR 52.212-1 (if not previously acknowledged). Representations and Certifications completed by the offeror in accordance with instructions contained elsewhere in this solicitation. If the offeror has completed all of the representations and certifications required by this solicitation in SAM (www.sam.gov) in accordance with FAR 52.204-8 and DFARS 252.204-7007 ALT A, then the offeror should so indicate in their response. The completion and submission of the above items will constitute an offer (proposal). Offerors shall respond to all requirements of the solicitation document. Offerors are cautioned not to alter the solicitation. Alternate proposals are not authorized. An objection to any of the terms and conditions of the solicitation will constitute a deficiency (see FAR 15.001) which will make the offer unacceptable. In the event any person who is not a bona fide employee of the offeror participated in the creation, formulation, or writing of any portion of the proposal, a certificate to this effect shall be included in the proposal which shall be signed by an officer of the offeror. Such certificate shall in the proposal which shall be signed by an officer of the offeror. Such certificate shall identify the name of the person who is not a bona fide employee, that person's employment capacity, the name of the person's firm, the relationship of that firm to the offeror, and the portion of the proposal in which the person participated. VOLUME I NON-PRICE PROPOSAL This volume shall address Previous Experience and Technical Approach and include all information required for proposal evaluation. This volume of the proposal shall exclude any reference to the price aspects of the proposal. Each page of each copy should include the following legend: Source Selection Information - See FAR 2.101 and 3.104 VOLUME II PRICE PROPOSAL This volume shall include the completed solicitation documents and a complete and detailed price schedule. Each page of each copy should include the following legend: Source Selection Information - See FAR 2.101 and 3.104 II.REQUIREMENTS FOR PROPOSAL CONTENT (1) Do not include CLASSIFIED data in your proposal. (2) Introduction and Purpose - This section specifies the format that offers should use in proposals submitted in response to this solicitation. The intent is not to restrict the offerors in the manner in which they will perform their work but rather to ensure a certain degree of uniformity in the format of the proposals for evaluation purposes. (3) Each volume should contain the following items in addition to the other information required by this solicitation: Cover: The cover should indicate the following: Title of the proposal Volume Number (I or II) Solicitation number Name, address, and phone number of offeror Identification of original signature copies Table of Contents: The table of contents should provide detail sufficient to allow the important elements to be easily located. (4) Requirements for Style: Each offeror shall submit a proposal that clearly and concisely sets forth the contractor's response to the requirements of the solicitation. Unnecessary elaboration or other presentations beyond that sufficient to present a complete and effective proposal are not desired and may be construed as an indication of the offeror's lack of cost consciousness. Elaborate artwork, expensive paper or bindings, and expensive visual or other presentation aids are neither necessary nor desired. The proposal shall contain all the pertinent information in sufficient detail in the one area of the proposal where it contributes most critically to the discussion. When necessary, the offeror shall refer to the initial discussion and identify its location within its proposal. III.PROPOSAL CONTENT (1) Volume I - Non-Price Proposal The Non-Price evaluation factors are listed below in descending order of importance: -PRIOR EXPERIENCE-TECHNICAL APPROACH The Non-price evaluation factors are listed in detail below: -PRIOR EXPERIENCE: The offeror's background, experience repairing NSN: 4320012274925, and qualifications will be assessed to determine the likelihood that that offeror can successfully perform the contract requirements and the degree of the risk of non-performance -TECHNICAL APPROACH: The proposal will be evaluated on how the offeror intends to organize, staff and manage the contract and the means that will be used to accomplish the contract requirements. The degree to which the proposal demonstrates an understanding of the requirements will be evaluated, as well as the offeror's planned management of consultants and subcontractors, if applicable. (2) Volume II - Price Proposal Volume II shall include the completed solicitation documents and a complete and detailed price schedule. The price/cost proposal shall support the Non-price proposal. If the price/cost proposal does not support the Non-price proposal, the offeror's overall technical proposal rating may be downgraded. The price/cost proposal shall include all elements of cost and such other cost information as considered appropriate to support the offeror's proposal. The evaluation of proposals will consider the offeror's Non-price proposal more important than the offeror's Price proposal. (a) Each offeror shall identify in its pricing proposal if the offeror intends to obtain engineering support services from the government for efforts related to this requirement. NAVSUP WSS intends to identify the level of support, if any, provided to an offeror by the government in the past fiscal year and assign the appropriate monetary value associated with any engineering support provided to an offeror during that fiscal year. This value will then be added accordingly to the unit price per repair in order to ensure that each offeror's price is evaluated equally. The Government shall not be responsible for compensating the Contractor for any costs tied to solicitation requirements but not factored into the proposed prices, either by the Contractor's intention or by mistake. SECTION M M0X - EVALUATION CRITERIA AND BASIS FOR AWARD (SINGLE AWARD) The Government intends to make a single award to the eligible, responsible, technically acceptable contractor whose offer, conforms to the solicitation, is determined most advantageous to the Government. The evaluation will consider past performance as more important than price. The offeror's proposal shall be in the form prescribed by, and shall contain a response to each of the area identified in, the Section L solicitation provision entitled "Submission of Proposals." Only those proposals prepared in accordance with the solicitation will be evaluated. The Government reserves the right to award the contract to other than the lowest priced offer. (1) Past Performance. The Government will evaluate the quality of the offeror's past performance. This evaluation is separate and distinct from the Contracting Officer's responsibility determination. The assessment of the offeror's past performance will be used as a means of evaluating the relative capability of the offeror and other competitors to successfully meet the requirements of the RFP. The Government reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources including sources outside of the Government. Offerors lacking relevant past performance history will receive a neutral rating for past performance. However, the proposal of an offeror with no relevant past performance history, while rated neutral in past performance, may not represent the most advantageous proposal to the Government and thus, may be an unsuccessful proposal when compared to the proposals of other offerors. The offeror must provide the information requested in the provision entitled Submission of Proposals in Section L or affirmatively state that it possesses no relevant directly-related or similar past performance. An offeror failing to provide the past performance information or to assert that it has no relevant directly-related or similar past performance will be considered ineligible for award. The Government will utilize the DoD Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) (SPRS) program to evaluate past performance (refer to DFARS provision 252.213-7000, "NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE SUPPLIERS ON USE OF SUPPLIER PERFORMANCE RISK SYSTEM (SPRS) IN PAST PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS"). SPRS accumulates data on suppliers by Federal Supply Class (FSC). The Government will consider SPRS data for the Federal Supply Classes of all items included in this procurement. Based on comparisons among suppliers in a specific FSC group, SPRS sorts suppliers into color ratings representing the supplier's overall quality performance based on the following indices: |COLOR |POSITION | |Dark Blue|Top 5% of suppliers in FSC group | |Purple |Next 10% of suppliers in FSC group | |Green |Next 70% of suppliers in FSC group | |Yellow |Next 10% of suppliers in FSC group | |Red |Bottom 5% of suppliers in FSC group | If all supplier ratings for a specific FSC group are equal, all suppliers within that group will be classified Green. Suppliers with no history in SPRS will be displayed without a rating and, for evaluation, receive a neutral rating. (2) Price. Price is a secondary factor. (3) The non-price factors are again listed below in descending order of importance: - PRIOR EXPERIENCE - TECHNICAL APPROACH For all non-price factors (other than Past Performance), an offeror's proposal must be determined to be Acceptable to be eligible for award. A rating that is Unacceptable in any non-price evaluation factor will render a proposal ineligible for award consideration as submitted. The evaluated price will be the offeror's total proposed price. Any delay in award or change in the period of performance start dates in the resulting award shall not entitled the contractor to a price adjustment. BASIS FOR SELECTION The Government will select the responsible Contractor whose proposal, in conforming to this RFP, provides the overall best value to meet the Government's requirements, price and non-price factors considered. Only the apparent successful contractor determined to be responsible pursuant to FAR 9.104-1 will be issued a contract. The Government intends to evaluate proposals and award a contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror's initial offer should contain the offeror's best terms from a price and non-price standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later it is determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Contracting Officer reserves the right to determine that the offeror's overall firm fixed price proposal represents an unacceptable level of risk, based on the information submitted by the offeror. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. ** CASREP ** ACCELERATED DELIVERY IS ENCOURAGED AND ACCEPTED AT NO ADDITIONAL COST TO GOVERNMENT. If your company has a Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) for the items under this solicitation, the following applies to this solicitation and the resultant contract: This solicitation and resultant order is issued under and pursuant to the provisions of the Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA). The terms and conditions of the Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference and, except as provided herein by this order, remain in full force and effect. If any conflict arises in the terms of this solicitation and resultant order versus the terms in the BOA, the terms of the BOA shall apply. All freight is FOB Origin. This RFQ is for repair. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. The Government is seeking a Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) of: 325 days Government Source Inspection (GSI) is required. Please note freight is handled by Navy CAV or Proxy CAV as stated in NAVSUPWSSFA24 or NAVSUPWSSFA25. Your quote should include the following information: QUOTE AMOUNT AND RTAT Unit Price:__________ Total Price:__________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): _______ days If your company is not quoting the Government's Required Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) or earlier, provide your company's capacity constraints? _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor's facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Return Material Authorization # (RMA), if applicable:__________ Delivery Vehicle (if Delivery Order requested) (if your company has a current BOA/IDIQ, for example) :__________________ TESTING AND EVALUATION IF BEYOND REPAIR T&E fee/price (if asset is determined BR/BER): If an item is determined BR, and the contractor provides documentation that costs were incurred during evaluation and determination of BR, the contracting officer will negotiate a reduced contract price, not-to exceed (NTE) $___________associated with the repair effort to reflect the BR status of the equipment. The T&E fee (if asset is determined BR/BER) was determined/computed based on:______________________________________. AWARDEE INFO & PERFORMANCE LOCATION Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not same as "awardee CAGE": __________ Facility/Subcontractor CAGE (where the asset should be shipped), if not same as "awardee CAGE":__________ IOT COMPARE REPAIR PRICE TO PRICE TO BUY NEW New unit price:__________ New unit delivery lead-time:__________ ALL PRICING IS FIRM. PLEASE CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING WHEN PROVIDING PRICE: Include repair price with all costs associated with receipt and complete repair of material. IMPORTANT NOTE: Any assets for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction of $_______ per unit per month. This adjustment will be implemented via a Reconciliation Modification at the end of contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Government's right to terminate for default. Reconciliation A reconciliation modification will be issued after final Inspection and acceptance of all assets inducted under this contract. The parties have agreed to a price (shown on the schedule page) for each unit at the negotiated RTAT. Such prices are based on the Contractor meeting the RTAT requirements described within the schedule page. If the Contractor does not meet the applicable RTAT requirement, the price adjustment as stated shall be applicable. 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for repair and the contract quality requirements for the PUMP UNIT,CENTRIFUG . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=5773203 |53711| G| |A|0001 | G|49998|9999999 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The PUMP UNIT,CENTRIFUG repaired under this contract/purchase order shall meet the operational and functional requirements as represented by the Cage Code(s) and reference number(s) listed below. All repair work shall be performed in accordance with the contractors repair/overhaul standard practices, manuals and directives including but not limited to drawings, technical orders, manufacturing operations, tooling instructions, approved repair standards and any other contractor or government approved documents developed to provide technical repair procedures. CAGE___Ref. No. ;53711 5773203-24 ; 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; . 3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 3.4 ;Sources of overhaul and repair for Navy Standard Titanium Fire Pumps (NSTFP), need to be fully proficient in their capability to repair NSTFP's. Prior to negotiating an offer for contract award, source of repair should assess and evaluate if it has the facility and personnel expertise, to meet the government requirements. Repair facility shall self-assess the following criteria: 1. Repair facility contains sufficient machines/tools to repair pump including machining of wear rings and impeller. 2. Access to pump drawings and overhaul procedures. 3. Access to repair parts (at facility) or, that are readily available at other facilities/sources. 4. Details on subcontractor used to repair/overhaul motor in accordance with MIL-M-17060 (when specified). Repair facility or Subcontractor must be NAVSEA certified in repairing sealed insulation systems (SIS). 5. Proficiency/History of repair or manufacturing of NSTFPs or other Mil-Spec centrifugal pumps. 6. Facility/equipment to hydrostatically test pump and perform flow/head curve test (Including/established requirements of performance testing). 7. Quality Assurance system in place including calibration of test equipment.; 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 Inspection/Testing Repaired Items - The Contractor shall perform all inspection and testing requirements as specified in the original manufacturer's specifications and drawings. 4.5 ;Source inspection must take place at repair facility. Kind, Count, Condition inspection is not authorized.; 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161. 6.2 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer. 6.3 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS. NAVSUPWSS POC: JOSEPH.D.WEAVER22.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176051884
  - Email: JOSEPH.D.WEAVER22.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=5773203 |53711| G| |A|0001 | G|49998|9999999 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The PUMP UNIT,CENTRIFUG repaired under this contract/purchase order shall meet the operational and functional requirements as represented by the Cage Code(s) and reference number(s) listed below. All repair work shall be performed in accordance with the contractors repair/overhaul standard practices, manuals and directives including but not limited to drawings, technical orders, manufacturing operations, tooling instructions, approved repair standards and any other contractor or government approved documents developed to provide technical repair procedures. CAGE___Ref. No. ;53711 5773203-24 ; 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; . 3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer"s Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 3.4 ;Sources of overhaul and repair for Navy Standard Titanium Fire Pumps (NSTFP), need to be fully proficient in their capability to repair NSTFP"s. Prior to negotiating an offer for contract award, source of repair should assess and evaluate if it has the facility and personnel expertise, to meet the government requirements. Repair facility shall self-assess the following criteria: 1. Repair facility contains sufficient machines/tools to repair pump including machining of wear rings and impeller. 2. Access to pump drawings and overhaul procedures. 3. Access to repair parts (at facility) or, that are readily available at other facilities/sources. 4. Details on subcontractor used to repair/overhaul motor in accordance with MIL-M-17060 (when specified). Repair facility or Subcontractor must be NAVSEA certified in repairing sealed insulation systems (SIS). 5. Proficiency/History of repair or manufacturing of NSTFPs or other Mil-Spec centrifugal pumps. 6. Facility/equipment to hydrostatically test pump and perform flow/head curve test (Including/established requirements of performance testing). 7. Quality Assurance system in place including calibration of test equipment.; 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor"s overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 Inspection/Testing Repaired Items - The Contractor shall perform all inspection and testing requirements as specified in the original manufacturer"s specifications and drawings. 4.5 ;Source inspection must take place at repair facility. Kind, Count, Condition inspection is not authorized.; 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161. 6.2 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer"s item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer. 6.3 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS. NAVSUPWSS POC: JOSEPH.D.WEAVER22.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d4de091dccb846aab2f2b628e3c7c337/view)