---
layout: default
title: Ansys licenses for DNFSB
agency: DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0549ae3a6d6147a2844d21d3735e710b
---

# Ansys licenses for DNFSB

- Agency: DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 18:05:36.882-04
- Solicitation Number: 95314226-Q-0027

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. INTENT TO SOLICIT ONLY ONE SOURCE The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government is soliciting and negotiating with only one source under the authority of FAR 13.106-1(b)(1)(i) Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements. The Government intends to award to to ANSYS, Inc. 2600 Ansys Drive, Canonsburg, PA, 15317- 0404 (CAGE Code: 0U014). This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, the Government will consider all proposals received prior to the closing date and time of this solicitation. (ii) The solicitation number is 95314226-Q-0027. This acquisition is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). (iii) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. (iv) The associated NAICS code is 513210. The small business size standard is 47,000,000.00. (v) The following is a list of contract line item number(s) and items, quantities and units of measure, (including option(s), if applicable): Ansys CFD Premium Solver – TECS Ansys Mechanical Enterprise – TECS Ansys CFD Premium – TECS Ansys CFD PrepPost – TECS Ansys Discovery Pro – TECS Ansys HPC Pack - TECS (vi) Description of requirements: Software License Subscription Renewal for ANSYS software licenses. (vii) Delivery is required by 15 March 2026. Delivery shall be made to Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, 625 Indiana Ave., Washington, DC 20001, unless otherwise approved by the COR. The FOB point is Destination. (viii) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The following addenda have been attached to this provision: NONE (ix) The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Items is applicable to this acquisition. The specific evaluation criteria to be included in paragraph (a) of that provision are as follows: N/A (x) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3 (with its Alternate I), Offeror Representations with its offer. NONE (xi) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following addenda have been attached to this clause. NONE (xii) The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items and the selected clauses listed in DFARS

212.301 Solicitation provisions and Contract Clauses for the Acquisition of Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following additional FAR clauses cited in this clause are applicable: FAR: 52.204-10 REPORTING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND FIRST-TIER SUBCONTRACT AWARDS (OCT 2018) 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE (OCT 2018) 52.204-18 COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY CODE MAINTENANCE (AUG 2020 52.204-23, PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING FOR HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, AND SERVICES DEVELOPED OR PROVIDED BY KASPERSKY LAB AND OTHER COVERED ENTITIES (DEC 2023) 52.204-25, PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING FOR CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND VIDEO SURVEILLANCE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT (NOV 2021) 52.204-27 PROHIBITION ON A BYTEDANCE COVERED APPLICATION (JUN 2023) 52.209-6 PROTECTING THE GOVERNMENT’ INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, OR PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT (OCT 2015) 52.219-28 POST-AWARD SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REREPRESENTATION (MAY 2020) 52.222-3 CONVICT LABOR (JUN 2003) 52.222-19 CHILD LABOR—COOPERATION WITH AUTHORITIES AND REMEDIES (JAN 2022) 52.222-36 AFFIRMATIVE ACTION FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUL 2014) 52.222-50 COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS (JAN 2019) 52.225-13 RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN FOREIGN PURCHASES (JUN 2008) 52.226-8, ENCOURAGING CONTRACTOR POLICIES TO BAN TEXT MESSAGING WHILE DRIVING (MAY 2024) 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER—CENTRAL CONTRACTOR REGISTRATION (OCT 2018) 52.232-39, UNENFORCEABILITY OF UNAUTHORIZED OBLIGATIONS (JUN 2013) 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS (MAR 2023) 52.233-3, PROTEST AFTER AWARD (AUG 1996) 52.233-4, APPLICABLE LAW FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT CLAIM (OCT 2004) (xiii) The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions apply (full text of all FAR clauses that contain fill-in information, as well as Special Instructions and Information found in the attached Adelphi Special Instructions and Information document): *52.204-7 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (OCT 2018) *52.204-16 COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY CODE REPORTING (AUG 2020) *52.204-18, COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY CODE MAINTENANCE (AUG 2020) *52.204-20: PREDECESSOR OF OFFEROR (AUG 2020) *52.204-24, REPRESENTATION REGARDING CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND VIDEO SURVEILLANCE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT (NOV 2021) *52.204-26, COVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES-REPRESENTATION (OCT 2020) *52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS—COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023) *52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS—COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION) (FEB 2024) 52.252-1, SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) (xiv) This acquisition is rated under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) as N/A. (xv) The following notes apply to this announcement: (xvi) Offers are due three (3) business days after posting by 11:59 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) at danielo@dnfsb.gov. (xvii) For information regarding this solicitation, please contact danielo@dnfsb.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Daniel O'Connor
  - Email: danielo@dnfsb.gov

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0549ae3a6d6147a2844d21d3735e710b/view