---
layout: default
title: Data Wall Installation
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 48d384aed9424bf5a6fd9d4688c9c463
---

# Data Wall Installation

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 14:05:56.592-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S8R25Q0005

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in part 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; Offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W50S8R25Q0005 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. This solicitation is a 100% small business set-aside. The NAICS code that applies is 334310 and the size standard is 750 employees. This action will result in a firm-fixed price (FFP) purchase order utilizing simplified acquisition procedures. The contractor shall provide all labor, equipment, materials, tools, parts, shipping, and all other items necessary to provide and install the items listed below: CLIN Description Quantity Unit of Issue Salient Characteristics 0001 Data Wall (Equipment and delivery) 1 EA The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and quality control necessary to provide and install an integrated new data wall as defined in the attached Statement of Work 0002 Labor and installation 1 EA The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and quality control necessary to provide and install an integrated new data wall as defined in the attached Statement of Work Delivery location/Place of Performance – 1947 Harrington Memorial Road, Mansfield, OH, 44903 Site Visit: A site visit has been scheduled for 19 August 2025 at 10:00 AM EST. Due to security conditions, all offerors SHALL register to attend this site visit. Email the following information for all attendees to Jeffrey Snyder, at the following address: jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil •Visitor’s Name, Driver’s License Number, Company Name, and Company Telephone Number This information shall be provided in advance, at least 5 business days prior to the site visit, in order to ensure access to the installation. Visitors shall arrive no sooner than 30 minutes/no later than 15 minutes prior to start of site visit. Note that failure to arrive at front gate prior to 9:45 A.M. may be grounds for exclusion from site visit, as there will be a one-time escort for all attendees (i.e. escort will not return to front gate for those who arrive late). Additional Site Visit Information: No electronics will be allowed in the facility, to include medical devices, unless prior authorization has been granted. Due to time constraints, prior authorization may not be possible prior to site visit Only US citizens with a completed background check will be allowed within the facility. All contractor and subcontractor personnel shall present REAL ID-compliant identification for establishing identity for unescorted access. Individuals who do not possess a REAL ID Act compliant form of identification shall be denied access to the installation. However, individuals with non REAL ID-compliant identification may also present an original or certified true copy of a birth certificate and their social security card. In accordance with the requirements of RFO FAR 19.104-1(f)(3)(i)(A), the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) has granted a class waiver to the Non-Manufacturer Rule for the specified products under this solicitation: Applicable NAICS: 334310 Products covered by waiver: Television (TV) Sets Manufacturing; Home Type Impact on Offerors: Offerors are informed that they may provide the product(s) covered by this waiver regardless of whether the product(s) are manufactured by a small business, provided that all other solicitation requirements are met. Compliance Assurance: Offerors must indicate their compliance with the NMR waiver in their submission. The contracting officer reserves the right to request additional documentation to verify compliance with the waiver conditions. Addendum 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items. 1.GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: This Request for Quotation (RFQ) is being issued in accordance with the procedures at RFO FAR 12. The contracting officer is vested by authority above with additional procedural discretion and flexibility, for this acquisition which may allow to solicit, offer, evaluate, and award in a simplified manner that maximizes efficient economy, minimizes burden and administrative costs for both the Government and industry through procedures awarding this Contract. The Offeror’s quote shall be submitted electronically as outlined below. The government contemplates awarding a single FFP contract based on a competition between small businesses where the Offeror’s quote is most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. 1.1. Questions regarding this RFQ shall be in writing and directed via e-mail to jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil and james.kliewer.2@us.af.mil. All correspondence shall reference W50S8R25Q0005. The cut-off for questions is no later than 25 August 2025. All questions will be answered electronically so that all respondents will be provided with equal access to all questions and answers. 1.2. The Offeror is notified that the Government will not reimburse costs incurred for quote preparation. The proposal evaluation and discussion procedures. FAR 15.203 do not apply to this acquisition. The Government will conduct evaluations using an approach that is most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered, using RFO FAR 12.203, considering solely the offeror’s response to this RFQ. 1.3. The government does not intend to hold any exchanges after receipt of quotes and respondents are advised to submit their best offer at the time quotes are due. In the event that exchanges with respondents after the receipt of quotes are deemed necessary, the contracting officer may hold such exchanges with any or all quoters, at any time, in any manner, without complying with the rules in 15.204, which are not applicable to this acquisition. A competitive range may, or may not, be established at the sole discretion of the contracting officer. All respondents will be treated fairly and impartially, in accordance with RFO FAR 1.102. 1.4. The offeror shall submit an unclassified quote which demonstrates its ability to perform and meet the requirements in the Statement of Work. 1.5. Quote shall conform to all the requirements of this RFQ. Failure to conform may result in your quote being rejected and no longer considered for award. 1.6. By responding to this RFQ, the offeror agrees to meet all the requirements incorporated herein, including those listed in the SOW, and agrees to all the terms, conditions, and provisions. 1.6.1. The Offeror’s quote shall be submitted electronically to the addresses listed under “Quote Submission Instructions”. The closing date and time for submittal of quote is 2 April 2026, 1:00 P.M. EST.

1.7 Quote Organization 1.7.1. The Offeror’s quote shall consist of three volumes. The offeror shall submit an unclassified quote which demonstrates its ability to perform and meet the requirements in the statement of work, enclosed with this solicitation. a. Factor 1 – Technical Element 1 – Product Inventory & Specifications Element 2 – Work Timeline b. Factor 2 – Past Performance c. Factor 3 – Price Required Content

1.8 Volume 1 – Technical shall be organized in sections as it addresses the corresponding sections and tasks in the Statement of Work. The offeror shall provide a realistic and descriptive solution for tasks and evidence that the offeror has current capability and resources to meet the requirements defined in the Statement of Work. Section 1 – Product Inventory & Specifications. The offeror shall clearly identify all proposed products for the data wall. Inventory shall include a product description, manufacturer, part number, quantity, and country of origin. Product specifications shall also be provided and be adequate enough for the government to evaluate if the proposed solution meets all requirements and characteristics outlined in the Statement of Work. Section 2 – Work Timeline. The work timeline shall demonstrate an understanding of the work, detailing steps/actions required to meet requirements set forth in the Statement of Work, addressing specific tasks and planned execution of the project to include the proposed period of performance. Provided documents shall provide enough information to be properly evaluated to determine if proposed approach meets the requirements of the Statement of Work and shall not simply restate requirements.

1.9 Volume 2 – Past Performance - Past performance information may be obtained from any sources available to the Government. For example, the Government may retrieve past performance information from the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), GSA, or Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS). As a result, this RFQ does not include a past performance information submittal from quoters.

1.10 Volume 3 – Price - The price volume is the only volume that shall include of cost and price data. The quote shall consist of all information to support proposed cost and prices. Certified cost and pricing data are not required; however, the Government reserves the right to request information other than certified cost and pricing data prior to award. 1.11. Quote Submission Instructions: 1.11.1. The Government will only accept electronic submissions. Should the Government want to print the volumes of the quote, the submission shall be clearly indexed and logically assembled. 1.11.2. Ensure that all volumes are submitted in response to this RFQ. Failure to do so may result in your quote not being considered. Your quote shall be structured in a manner that clearly addresses the requirements for this RFQ. Responses that are overly verbose or include marketing material are not desired. 1.11.3. Offeror shall submit their quote to the contract specialist at jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil and the contracting officer at james.kliewer.2@us.af.mil not later than the submittal due date of 2 April 2026, 1:00 P.M. EST. --- End of FAR 52.212-1 Addendum --- BASIS OF AWARD- EVALUATION 1. Basis for Contract Award – Evaluation of Offers-Simplified Acquisition Procedures (a) Basis for Contract Award. In accordance with the procedures at RFO FAR 12 streamlined procedures for solicitation, evaluation, and award. It is the Government’s intent to award a single, direct award of a firm-fixed price contract. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The offeror must satisfy the requirements described in the evaluation criteria, as well as all other RFQ requirements. The Government may perform a comparative evaluation (comparing offers to each other) to select the contractor that is best suited and provides the best value, considering the evaluation factors in this solicitation. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers. (i) Technical (ii) Past Performance (iii) Price (b) A quotation is not an offer and, consequently, cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Therefore, issuance by the Government of an order in response to a supplier’s quotation does not establish a contract. A written notice of award or purchase order, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful quoter is an offer by the Government to the supplier to buy certain supplies or services upon specified terms and conditions. A contract is established when the supplier accepts the offer. 2. Quote Evaluation: The evaluation process will be accomplished as follows (Organized by Volume): A. General: We will award a contract to the responsible quoter who represents the best value to the Government on the basis of comparison of its (1) quote, (2) technical, (3) past performance. B. Volume I, Technical 1. General: The technical factor assessment will assess the prime’s (hereafter referred to as quoter’s) ability to successfully accomplish the effort based on the quoter’s demonstrated technical approach as specified on the work timeline. The Government will evaluate the quoter’s demonstrated technical approach in supplying products and services that meet users’ needs as specified in the Statement of Work. Technical approach simply means the method of fulfilling the government’s requirement and will be assessed based on direct comparisons of quotes--without objective standards--pursuant to RFO FAR 12. Technical Documentation: 1. “Product Inventory” Document 2. Product Specification Sheet 3. Work Timeline RESPONSIVE OFFEROR RATING RATING DESCRIPTION PASS Offeror has returned a complete proposal package. FAIL Offeror has NOT returned a complete proposal package. 2. Technical Evaluation. Technical Capability will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis utilizing the product specifications provided to the Government. To be determined Technically Acceptable, the offerors quoted product must meet all requirements as stated in the Statement of Work. An offeror shall obtain an “Acceptable” rating to continue further in the competition. Offerors who are deemed to merit an “Unacceptable” rating in the Technical Capability Factor will be removed from further consideration for award. Once the minimum requirements are established, the team shall evaluate the offeror's quote against these requirements to determine whether the quote is acceptable or unacceptable, using the ratings and descriptions outlined herein. Quotes are evaluated for acceptability, but not ranked using the non-price factors/subfactors. In order to be considered awardable, there must be an "acceptable" rating in every non-price factor/subfactor. C. Volume II, Past Performance Factor 1. General: The past performance assessment will assess the prime’s (hereafter referred to as quoter’s) ability to successfully accomplish the proposed effort based on the quoter’s demonstrated present and past work record. The Government will evaluate the quoter’s demonstrated record of contract compliance in supplying products and services that meet users’ needs, including cost and schedule. The recency and relevancy of the information, the source of the information, context of the data and general trends in the contractor’s performance will be considered. First, we will evaluate recency. For purposes of this evaluation, recency is defined as demonstrated experience (active or completed efforts) performed within the past three (3) years from the issuance date of this solicitation. Second, we will evaluate recent contracts for relevancy as described below. Third, we will evaluate relevant contracts for overall quality. The evaluation of the quoter’s (including partnerships and joint venture) present/past performance WILL NOT include the present/past performance of any subcontractors, predecessor companies, affiliates, other divisions or corporate management even though they may perform major or critical aspects of this requirement. Only the quoter's (includes partnerships and joint ventures) past performance will be evaluated. 2. Past Performance Assessment: Present and Past Performance is a measure of the degree to which you have satisfied your customers in the past and complied with federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Your past performance is relevant to this competition when you have done recent work that has confronted you with the same kinds of challenges that you would reasonably expect to encounter during performance of the contract described by the RFQ. We will assess your past performance on the basis of recency, relevancy, and quality (general trends in contractor performance and source of information). Past performance information may be obtained from any sources available to the Government. 3. Past Performance Evaluation Ratings: a) As a result of the recency and relevancy assessments of current and prior contracts, a relevancy rating described below will be assigned within the past performance evaluation. Table 1 Adjectival Rating Description Relevant Present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Not Relevant Present/past performance effort involved little or none of the scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Scope = Type of Work, Functions, Skill Mix and/or Labor Classifications, etc. Magnitude of effort = Dollar Value and Period of Performance Complexities = Contract Type (e.g., Indefinite Delivery Contract, Firm-Fixed-Price, FAR-based, Other Government Transaction, UCC), Location (on-base, off-base, geographical), Terms and Conditions (e.g., private, Federal, DoD, Army, National Guard Bureau), etc. Table 2 Adjectival Rating Description Acceptable Based on the quoter’s performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the quoter will be able to successfully perform the required effort, or the quoter’s performance record is unknown. Unacceptable Based on the quoter’s performance record, the Government does not have a reasonable expectation that the quoter will be able to successfully perform the required effort. D. Volume III, Quote 1. General: We will determine the merits of your quote on the basis of (a) its acceptability and (b) its quoted price. (a) Acceptability: We will determine the acceptability of your quote on an acceptable or unacceptable basis. We will consider your quote acceptable if it (i) conforms to the material solicitation requirements; (ii) manifests your unconditional assent to the terms of this Request for Quote (RFQ), and (iii) you are a responsible prospective contractor pursuant to RFO FAR 9.104-1. (NOTE: By submission of a quote, the quoter represents that it unconditionally assents to the terms of this Request for Quote, except for any written express exceptions.) (i) Conformance. Material solicitation requirements include those terms affecting quality, quantity, price, or delivery. (ii) Assent. If you (1) take exception to any term of this RFQ, (2) propose any additional terms, or (3) omit material information required by this RFQ then we will consider your quote to be unacceptable and ineligible for contract award. (b) Price: We will evaluate your price for fairness and reasonableness in accordance with RFO FAR 12.204. E. Compliance and Responsibility: 1. Compliance and Responsibility Information: Prior to the evaluation of quotes, Annual Representations and Certifications, Offeror Representations, Certifications, and the Submission of Other Information completed via the System for Award Management (https://www.sam.gov) will be assessed for compliance with requirements applicable to this RFQ. Quotes found to not be in compliance with these requirements may be determined ineligible for award. 2. REJECTION OF OFFERS: Offerors shall carefully read, understand, and provide all the information requested in the quote. If there are parts of the RFQ that are vague and/or ambiguous, request clarification from the Contract Specialist and/or the Contracting Officer before the established cut-off date for questions. The circumstances that may lead to the rejection of a quote are: 2.1. When the quote fails to meaningfully respond to the instructions specified. Examples of failure to meaningfully respond include: 2.1.1 When the Government is evaluating an Offeror’s technical approach and a quote merely repeats the RFQ Statement of Work without elaboration or fails to present more than a statement indicating its capability to comply with the RFQ terms and does not provide, support, or detail how they will perform. 2.1.2 When the quote fails to provide any of the data and information required in the RFQ.

2.2 When the quote reflects an inherent lack of technical competence or a failure to comprehend the complexity and risks required to perform the RFQ requirements due to submission of a quote, which is substantially high or low in Price and/or unachievable in terms of technical or schedule commitments.

2.3 When the quote contains any unexplained significant inconsistency between the proposed effort and price, which implies the Offeror has (a) an inherent misunderstanding of the PWS, or (b) an apparent inability to perform the resultant contract.

2.4 When the quote contains major error(s), omission(s) and or deficiencies that indicate a lack of understanding or an approach that cannot be expected to meet requirements or involves a very high risk and none of these conditions can be corrected without major rewrites or revisions of the quote.

2.5 When the quote offers a product or service that does not meet all stated material requirements of the RFQ and Statement of Work.

2.6 When the quote is late, in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(c) and the Electronic Submission Instructions herein.

2.7 When the quote is significantly high or low as to cost or price, or is unaffordable to the government.

2.8 When the quote is not in full compliance with the terms and conditions of the RFQ. List of Attachments: Attachment 1: Clauses and Provisions SOW 24 March 2026 NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or other external forum. Contract award or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency’s Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG protest procedures. To be timely, the protests must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: National Guard Bureau Office of the Director of Acquisitions/ Head of Contracting Activity ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@army.mil All other agency-level protests should be sent to the Contracting Officer for resolution at the address in the solicitation. See FAR clause 52.233-2. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 1 Posting Questions and Answers 28 Aug Posting Revised SOW 28 Aug - Changes are highlighted in yellow Posting AF JUC APL Catalog - 20240205 Posting Alternative DoD Products List Extend offers due date to 9 Sep 2025 10:00 AM ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 2 Extend offers due date to 11 Sep 2025 10:00 AM ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 3 Provide updated SOW changing the following: 1) Removal of all TAA requirements 2) Update Conference Room requirements (See highlighted/strikethru text on page 4. Provide notification of waiver of non-manufacturer rule in accordance with FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv) Extend offers due date to 17 Sep 2025 10:00 AM to provide reasonable amount of additional time IAW FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv) ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 4 Update 52.212-5 on "Attachment 1 Clauses and Provisions" to add FAR 52.219-33. Revised Attachment 1 Clauses and Provisions has been added via attachment. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 5 Revise instructions to offerors & evaluation criteria. See attached "Revised 23 Sep 2025 W50S8R25Q0005 Combined Synopsis". Changes made to Addendum to 52.212-1 and basis of contract award. Revised Statement of Work adding video wall/display & lectern monitor specifications. See attached "Revised SOW 23 Sep 2025" Updated new RFQ deadline to 26 Sep 2025 ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 6 Revise evaluation criteria as highlighted on uploaded document W50S8R25Q0005 - Amendment 0006 Combined Synopsis Revise SOW and upload "Revised SOW 27 Sep 2025". Changes are highlighted Updated new RFQ deadline to 28 Sep 2025 8 AM ***************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 7 Revised instructions to offeror and evaluation criteria. Please review attached document W50S8R25Q0005 - Amendment 0007 Combined Synopsis for actual proper charts. Revise SOW and upload SOW 24 March 2026. Major changes occured in Para 1.2 and everything starting at Para 2. Updated new RFQ deadline to 2 April 2026 at 1 PM. *****************************************************************************************************************************************************

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeffrey Snyder
  - Email: jeffrey.snyder.20@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 4195206542
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: James E Kliewer
  - Email: james.kliewer.2@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Clauses and Provisions SOW 24 March 2026 NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or other external forum. Contract award or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency’s Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG protest procedures. To be timely, the protests must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: National Guard Bureau Office of the Director of Acquisitions/ Head of Contracting Activity ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@army.mil All other agency-level protests should be sent to the Contracting Officer for resolution at the address in the solicitation. See FAR clause 52.233-2. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 1 Posting Questions and Answers 28 Aug Posting Revised SOW 28 Aug - Changes are highlighted in yellow Posting AF JUC APL Catalog - 20240205 Posting Alternative DoD Products List Extend offers due date to 9 Sep 2025 10:00 AM ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 2 Extend offers due date to 11 Sep 2025 10:00 AM ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 3 Provide updated SOW changing the following: 1) Removal of all TAA requirements 2) Update Conference Room requirements (See highlighted/strikethru text on page 4. Provide notification of waiver of non-manufacturer rule in accordance with FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv) Extend offers due date to 17 Sep 2025 10:00 AM to provide reasonable amount of additional time IAW FAR 19.505(c)(4)(iv) ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 4 Update 52.212-5 on "Attachment 1 Clauses and Provisions" to add FAR 52.219-33. Revised Attachment 1 Clauses and Provisions has been added via attachment. ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 5 Revise instructions to offerors & evaluation criteria. See attached "Revised 23 Sep 2025 W50S8R25Q0005 Combined Synopsis". Changes made to Addendum to 52.212-1 and basis of contract award. Revised Statement of Work adding video wall/display & lectern monitor specifications. See attached "Revised SOW 23 Sep 2025" Updated new RFQ deadline to 26 Sep 2025 ****************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 6 Revise evaluation criteria as highlighted on uploaded document W50S8R25Q0005 - Amendment 0006 Combined Synopsis Revise SOW and upload "Revised SOW 27 Sep 2025". Changes are highlighted Updated new RFQ deadline to 28 Sep 2025 8 AM ***************************************************************************************************************************************************** Amendment 7 Revised instructions to offeror and evaluation criteria. Please review attached document W50S8R25Q0005 - Amendment 0007 Combined Synopsis for actual proper charts. Revise SOW and upload SOW 24 March 2026. Major changes occured in Para 1.2 and everything starting at Para 2. Updated new RFQ deadline to 2 April 2026 at 1 PM. *****************************************************************************************************************************************************

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/48d384aed9424bf5a6fd9d4688c9c463/view)