---
layout: default
title: Automatic Doors Inspection, Maintenance & Repair Service - Beale AFB CA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0155e9ac55fa49f5a5a91e73df32da52
---

# Automatic Doors Inspection, Maintenance & Repair Service - Beale AFB CA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 19:35:57.247-04
- Solicitation Number: FA468626QS012

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii). FA468626QS012 is issued as an RFQ. (iii). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 (iv). This will be solicited as a Set-Aside Status: 100% Small Business set-aside, with an associated NAICS code 238290 – Other Building Equipment Contractors and a small business size standard of $22M. (v). A list of line item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure is identified in Attachment 1, Under Supplies or Services & Prices or Costs. Offerors shall return completed as part of quote submission. (vi). This requirement is for a non-personal service to provide the 9th Civil Engineering Squadron (CES) at Beale AFB quarterly inspections, maintenance, and repair services for automatic doors located in six (6) facilities across the installation. The contractor shall be responsible for the maintenance of eight (8) sets of Dual Sliding, Dual Swing and Single Sliding automatic doors, which include three (3) sets of dual sliding doors, four (4) sets (which consist of eight (8) doors total) of dual swing doors and four (4) single sliding systems. The contractor shall perform services that shall include, but not be limited to, procedures such as the inspection and lubrication of all mechanical components, testing of electrical systems, and the testing and calibration of all activation and safety sensors. An automatic door system is defined as the complete door assembly and its operating equipment. (vii). Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and FOB point is identified in Attachment 1, Under - Deliveries or Performance Schedules. Place of Contract Performance: Beale AFB, CA; Period of Performance: 14 March 2026 – 13 March 2031; Includes a Base Year plus Four (4) option years. (viii). The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (ix). The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and the specific evaluation criteria to be included is identified in Attachment 1 - Solicitation. (x). Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. (xi). The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (xii). The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders[1] Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and the additional FAR clauses cited in Attachment 1 are applicable to the acquisition. (xiii). There are no additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions (such as contract financing arrangements requirements) necessary for this acquisition. (xiv). The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating is not applicable. (xv). Q&A's are due Friday, 27 February 2026 @ 10:00AM PST. Offers are due Monday, 9 March 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. (xvi). The name and telephone number of the individual(s) to contact for information regarding the solicitation is Contracting Officer - Teresa Romig, teresa.romig@us.af.mil and Contract Specialist, SSgt VeAnca Crawley, veanca.crawley.1@us.af.mil. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Q&A question 1 uploaded as of 24 February 2026 and is titled "Solicitation - Question and Answers - Automatic Doors - 24FEB26". ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Q&A question 2 uploaded as of 25 February 2026 and is titled "Solicitation - Question and Answers - Automatic Doors - 25FEB26". ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ***Amendment 0001*** The purpose of Amendment 0001 is to: 1) Attachment 2 - PWS - Automatic Doors_FINAL_26FEB26. This version supersedes the prior PWS. Changes to the PWS is as follows: Manufacturer for Bldg. 1029 for 9 PSPTS - Near Loading Dock has been updated from 'American Metal' to 'Horton'. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Additionally, Q&A questions 3-5 are uploaded as of 26 February 2026 and is titled "Solicitation - Question and Answers - Automatic Doors - 26FEB26". ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ***Amendment 0002*** The purpose of Amendment 0002 is to: 1) Extended Due Date: Wednesday, 11 March 2026 @ 10:00AM PST. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Teresa Romig
  - Email: teresa.romig@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5306343405
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: VeAnca Crawley
  - Email: veanca.crawley.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5306342109

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Under Supplies or Services & Prices or Costs. Offerors shall return completed as part of quote submission. (vi). This requirement is for a non-personal service to provide the 9th Civil Engineering Squadron (CES) at Beale AFB quarterly inspections, maintenance, and repair services for automatic doors located in six (6) facilities across the installation. The contractor shall be responsible for the maintenance of eight (8) sets of Dual Sliding, Dual Swing and Single Sliding automatic doors, which include three (3) sets of dual sliding doors, four (4) sets (which consist of eight (8) doors total) of dual swing doors and four (4) single sliding systems. The contractor shall perform services that shall include, but not be limited to, procedures such as the inspection and lubrication of all mechanical components, testing of electrical systems, and the testing and calibration of all activation and safety sensors. An automatic door system is defined as the complete door assembly and its operating equipment. (vii). Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and FOB point is identified in Attachment 1, Under - Deliveries or Performance Schedules. Place of Contract Performance: Beale AFB, CA; Period of Performance: 14 March 2026 – 13 March 2031; Includes a Base Year plus Four (4) option years. (viii). The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (ix). The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and the specific evaluation criteria to be included is identified in Attachment 1 - Solicitation. (x). Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. (xi). The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (xii). The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders[1] Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and the additional FAR clauses cited in Attachment 1 are applicable to the acquisition. (xiii). There are no additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions (such as contract financing arrangements requirements) necessary for this acquisition. (xiv). The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating is not applicable. (xv). Q&A"s are due Friday, 27 February 2026 @ 10:00AM PST. Offers are due Monday, 9 March 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. (xvi). The name and telephone number of the individual(s) to contact for information regarding the solicitation is Contracting Officer - Teresa Romig, teresa.romig@us.af.mil and Contract Specialist, SSgt VeAnca Crawley, veanca.crawley.1@us.af.mil. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Q&A question 1 uploaded as of 24 February 2026 and is titled "Solicitation - Question and Answers - Automatic Doors - 24FEB26". ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Q&A question 2 uploaded as of 25 February 2026 and is titled "Solicitation - Question and Answers - Automatic Doors - 25FEB26". ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ***Amendment 0001*** The purpose of Amendment 0001 is to: 1) Attachment 2 - PWS - Automatic Doors_FINAL_26FEB26. This version supersedes the prior PWS. Changes to the PWS is as follows: Manufacturer for Bldg. 1029 for 9 PSPTS - Near Loading Dock has been updated from "American Metal" to "Horton". All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Additionally, Q&A questions 3-5 are uploaded as of 26 February 2026 and is titled "Solicitation - Question and Answers - Automatic Doors - 26FEB26". ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ***Amendment 0002*** The purpose of Amendment 0002 is to: 1) Extended Due Date: Wednesday, 11 March 2026 @ 10:00AM PST. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0155e9ac55fa49f5a5a91e73df32da52/view)