---
layout: default
title: 75H70626Q00030-for Solid Waste pick up, 100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise (ISBEE) Set-side at the QNBMHF in Belcourt North Dakota.
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 552a502eb5db4c2eaa3f56e72a1919ee
---

# 75H70626Q00030-for Solid Waste pick up, 100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise (ISBEE) Set-side at the QNBMHF in Belcourt North Dakota.

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 09:50:50.163-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70626Q00030

## Summary

A. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice, FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items (Title VIII of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994) (Public Law 103-355). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. B. The Great Plains Area Indian Health Service (IHS) intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price, Purchase Order to provide Solid Waste pickup (Garbage),with a Base Period and Four (4), Option Years in response to Request for Quote (RFQ) 75H70626Q00030. C. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 on October 1, 2025. D. This RFQ is issued as 100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise (ISBEE) Set-Aside, and the associated NAICS Code is #562111, code for Solid Waste Collection, size standards in millions of dollars $47.0. Quoter is required to fill out the attached INDIAN FIRM REPRESENTATION FORM. E. The quoted unit pricing must be all inclusive (including, but not be limited to, travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state and local taxes) plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable rates. See the attached SF-1449: Complete, sign and return the SF-1449 for the Quote #75H70626Q00030 to provide Solid Waste pickup (Garbage). Quotes will be valid until June 30, 2026. F. Firm Fixed Price, Purchase Order to provide Solid Waste pickup (Garbage), for the Quentin N Burdick Memorial Healthcare Facility 1300 Hospital Loop Belcourt North Dakota 58316. See the Statement of Work (SOW) attached. The period of performance will be a Base Period with Four (4), Option Years . G. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023). Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed, dated and it shall include: 1. Solicitation number: 75H70626Q00030 2. Closing Date: April 26, 2026 at 12:00 pm CST. 3. Name, address and telephone number of company and email address of contact person. 4. Technical description of the item/service being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements of the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. 5. Terms of any express warranty. 6. Price and any discount terms. 7. “Remit to” address, if different than mailing address. 8. Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued) 9. Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information). 10. A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. H. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION Oct 2025); attached in full text. Basis of Award: Best Value with Lowest Price Technical Acceptable. The Government will evaluate quotations utilizing the procedures of FAR 13.106-2 Evaluation of quotations or offers. Offers will be evaluated for acceptability but not ranked using the non-price factors/sub-factors. All non-price factors and sub-factors will be rated as either “acceptable” or “unacceptable”. The Government intends to evaluate and make an award without discussion with the offerors other than minor clarifications, unless discussions are determined to be necessary. A decision on the technical acceptability of each offeror’s quotations will be made. For those offerors which are determined to be technically acceptable, award will be made to that vendor with the lowest overall prices. The LPTA evaluation process will be accomplished as follows - Technical Acceptability will be comprised of three subfactors: 1. Meeting all areas under the Statement of Work (SOW) which are consistent in the scope with Solid Waste Management. 2. Price: The Pricing Schedule must be completed for all the line items and will be evaluated as to completeness and reasonableness. The offeror with the lowest technically acceptable prices represents the best value to the Government. 3. Past Performance: The offeror’s performance on contracts completed during the past three (3) years and all contracts are currently in progress for Solid Waste Management. I. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023). Applied to this acquisition and it’s incorporated by reference J. FAR 52.214-16 Minimum Bid Acceptance Period (April 1984). See attachment for full text. K. Attached are the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) clauses that are applicable, including below. L. Submit proposal to: Quentin N Burdick Memorial Healthcare Facility Attn: Jody Keplin, Purchasing Agent 1300 Hospital Loop Belcourt, ND 58316 Email: jody.keplin@ihs.gov Questions regarding to this solicitation shall be submitted in writing by either email to jody.keplin@ihs.gov. The last day to submit questions is April 19, 2026, before 12:00 pm, CT. Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Service (IHS) is in the process of implementing an electronic invoicing system In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum “Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing” directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests. IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you to make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov “Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer”. ATTACHMENTS: Combined Synopsis Notice SF-1449 Request for Quotes Statement of Work Provisions and Clauses Indian Firm Representative Form Wage Determination Number # _2015-5385

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jody Keplin
  - Email: jody.keplin@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 7014778416

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: full text. K. Attached are the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) clauses that are applicable, including below. L. Submit proposal to: Quentin N Burdick Memorial Healthcare Facility Attn: Jody Keplin, Purchasing Agent 1300 Hospital Loop Belcourt, ND 58316 Email: jody.keplin@ihs.gov Questions regarding to this solicitation shall be submitted in writing by either email to jody.keplin@ihs.gov. The last day to submit questions is April 19, 2026, before 12:00 pm, CT. Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Service (IHS) is in the process of implementing an electronic invoicing system In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum “Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing” directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests. IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you to make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov “Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer”. ATTACHMENTS: Combined Synopsis Notice SF-1449 Request for Quotes Statement of Work Provisions and Clauses Indian Firm Representative Form Wage Determination Number # _2015-5385

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/552a502eb5db4c2eaa3f56e72a1919ee/view)