---
layout: default
title: Finite Element Modeling Research and Development IDIQ Contract
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a31ad52111ff43a9922019395e4b78f3
---

# Finite Element Modeling Research and Development IDIQ Contract

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 09:42:37.334-04
- Solicitation Number: 693JJ926RQ000053

## Summary

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) is issuing this Sources Sought Notice to identify potential qualified Small Business (SB), Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), 8(a) Certified SDB, HUBZone SB, SDVOSB, or WOSB concerns that may be interested in and capable of performing the work described herein which is to establish, operate and manage a NHTSA Vehicle Safety Hotline. NHTSA welcomes all qualified Small Business concerns, with the appropriate NAICS Code and past experience to submit their Corporate Capability Statements that demonstrate their ability to successfully accomplish the goals of the project as listed below. NHTSA does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses to this notice or otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted. Acknowledgement of receipt of responses will not be made; no formal evaluation of the information received will be conducted by NHTSA. NHTSA may; however later on issue a Request for Proposals (RFP). However, should such a requirement fail to materialize, no basis for claims against NHTSA shall arise as a result of a response to this notice. Background: The Office of Vehicle Safety Research (VSR) is the primary organization within NHTSA conducts extensive research, development, testing, crash investigation, and data collection and analysis activities to provide the scientific basis needed to support the Agency's motor vehicle and traffic safety goals. The research objective described in this solicitation is to provide research data so that NHTSA can achieve its mission of reducing death and injuries on American roadways using crash simulations of vehicle safety research tests to predict the impact of potential safety implications. These efforts will include full vehicle laser scanning and tear down for the development of new finite element models, material testing to define the behavior of vehicle materials under impact conditions, mesh development, and part integration to develop full vehicle and vehicle component finite element models. Results of work conducted under this contract will facilitate the reduction of motor vehicle crash injuries and fatalities. Objective(s): The objective of this contract is to provide research data so that NHTSA can achieve its mission of reducing death and injuries on American roadways. The scope of this contract is to develop and exercise crash simulations of vehicle safety research tests to assist in predict the impact of potential safety implications. These efforts will include full vehicle laser scanning and tear down for the development of new finite element models, material testing to define the behavior of vehicle materials under impact conditions, mesh development, and part integration to develop full vehicle and vehicle component finite element models. Some tasks may involve the use of lumped parameter modeling software such as MADYMO, but majority of NHTSA's anticipated crash simulation efforts will involve non-linear finite element analysis. The resulting models will be exercised and refined to match available crash test data. The resulting LS-Dyna models shall be exercised using existing vehicle models in LS-Dyna simulations. The specific crash simulation efforts will be issued through Task Orders. The Contractor shall be responsible to include all the necessary equipment, personnel, location and software as identified in the attached Draft Statement of Work (SOW). CAPABILITY STATEMENTS Any interested qualified Small Business firms, Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), 8(a) Certified SDB, HUBZone SB, SDVOSB, or WOSB concerns should submit their Corporate Capability Statement, which demonstrates the firm’s ability and past experience in no more than 10 pages to perform the key requirements described above to the identified NHTSA point of contact listed herein. Any proprietary information should be marked as such. All respondents are asked to certify the type and size of their business organization is in-line with the requirements of this Sources Sought Notice which must be received no later than 10 calendar days from the date of publication or by the closing date of this notice. To facilitate a timely and comprehensive review of all submitted responses, firms should respond using the format requested in this Notice. Please provide the following information for your firm and for any teaming or joint venture partners: General Information Company name, address, point of contact name, telephone, and email address. Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code. Business size and classification (e.g., large, small, small-disadvantaged, SBA Certified 8(a), HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, woman-owned) based on NAICS code: 541380- Testing Laboratories and Services. If applicable, potential proposed teaming arrangements to include business size and classification of prime and subcontractors. GSA Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) Number (FSS must include NAICS code 541380- Testing Laboratories and Services Identify contracts your company has been awarded under NAICS code: 541380- Testing Laboratories and Services Technical Capability: Provide a brief synopsis to support the firm’s ability to perform all of potential areas of the objective/scope. Identify each task element and provide information to support the firm’s experience, staffing and overall ability to perform the technical area. Evidence of experience and past performance should include contracts/task orders from the past three (3) years similar in scope to this requirement. Examples must include contract numbers, project titles, dollar amounts, periods of performance, and Government points of contact (telephone numbers or email addresses). Documented information to support the firm’s ability to provide the range of research skillsets capability to quickly plan, conduct, and document studies; AND personnel required for this effort in a timely fashion. Any data on previous contracts/task orders on personnel retention and succession planning. Additional Information: Indicate if your firm will submit a proposal if a Request for Proposal (RFP) is issued, and if your firms interest is for Prime contracting, teaming agreement or Joint Venture. Validation of, or recommended NAICS codes for this effort. Validation of, or recommended contract type. Validation of, or recommended GSA vehicle In each potential areas of research, indicate any Small Business Subcontracting opportunities, as applicable. Other Recommendations Any information missing from this requirement that would provide a better understanding of the effort desired. Please submit any other questions or comments along with your response. CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of Transportation (DOT) Headquarters, 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE, Washington, DC 20590.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shanahan, Michelle
  - Email: michelle.shanahan@dot.gov
  - Phone: 2025780962

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a31ad52111ff43a9922019395e4b78f3/view)