---
layout: default
title: 6515--NX EQ Pill Counters
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 227baf687eae4fb78803b54a3b677be6
---

# 6515--NX EQ Pill Counters

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 15:54:02.5-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0096
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice *= Required Field Page 1 of 2 Solicitation Number:Â Â 36C10X26Q0096Â Â Notice Type:Â Â Combined Synopsis/SolicitationÂ Â This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for brand name, or equal commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued.Â Solicitation number 36C10X26Q0096 is issued for this combined synopsis/solicitation; this solicitation is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This combined synopsis/solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06, dated 01 October 2025.Â Requirement Description:Â VA has a requirement to purchase Pill Counters to deliver patient care to its VA Medical Centers around the country. Pill Counters are standalone devices used to count pills, tablets and capsules. A single award Requirements contract will be awarded as a Brand Name or Equal in accordance with all terms, conditions, provisions, specifications, and schedule of this solicitation herein. Quotes shall contain the terms for cost/price and technical capabilities of the brand name or equal equipment. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions.Â Â The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339112 Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing, Product Service Code: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies. The associated size standard is 800 employees. This procurement action is Set-aside for Small Businesses.Â This acquisition is for a single award Requirements contract in accordance with FAR Part 16.5 for Capsa HealthcareÂ® brand name or equal to Pill Counters as identified in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ PILL COUNTERS. All interested companies shall provide a QUOTE for all Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) listed in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ PILL COUNTERS. The ordering period is for one 12-month base year with four 12-month option years. Delivery is a FOB destination. Firm-Fixed Price Orders will be placed against this contract in writing and will provide the delivery locations, delivery dates and exact quantities.Â Â The FAR provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial, applies to this acquisition including attached addenda to the provision.Â The FAR provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, and the specific evaluation criteria as attached addenda also applies to this acquisition.Â Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause.Â Addendum is attached.Â All interested quoters must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting a quote. You may access SAM atÂ https://sam.gov/SAM/.Â Questions regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation are due via email by 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on April 06, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Kimberly LeMieux at Kimberly.LeMieux@va.gov No calls will be accepted. Quotes are due via email by 10:00 AM EST on April 13, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Kimberly LeMieux at Kimberly.LeMieux@va.gov SCOPE OF WORKÂ Â Â The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified Pill Counters product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award.Â Â Pill Counters are standalone devices used to count pills, tablets and capsules. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The objective is to provide Pill Counters to be used by VHA clinicians throughout the United States and its territories. The period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods.Â 2. REQUIREMENTÂ This requirement will be, Brand Name or Equal which requires the offeror indicate that each product being offered as an equal product to Capsa HealthcareÂ® or equal, Pill Counters. For each equal product, the offeror must include a description reflecting the salient characteristics (SCs) and level of quality that will satisfy the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics of the equal product(s) specified in the solicitation. The offeror must also clearly identify the item by brand name (if any) and make/model number. Finally, the offeror must include descriptive literature, such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer (CO) and clearly describe any modifications it plans to make to a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements.Â The following line-items comprise the Pill Counters product line: Contract Line-Item Number Brand Part Number Description 0001 Capsa HealthcareÂ® KL1v KL1v Tablet Counter 0002 Capsa HealthcareÂ® KL1Plus KL1Plus Verification + Counting System 0003 Capsa HealthcareÂ® KL1v Extended Warranty KL1v extended warranty/year (purchased at time of original order only) 0004 Capsa HealthcareÂ® KL1Plus Extended Warranty KL1Plus extended warranty/year (purchased at time of original order only) The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide Capsa HealthcareÂ® brand name or equal to Pill Counters as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics below. The Government intends for offerors to include all ancillary items, to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and as clinically required. Products quoted in the technical volume must be captured on the Vendor s pricing volume (Attachment A - Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Additionally, responses can include any additional product and other product-related services necessary to obtain the supplies as required that may be beneficial and essential to the functionality of the proposed solution. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. When offerors include their additional proposed product items/services, these items may be considered for evaluation and must be captured in the vendor s pricing volume with an estimated quantity of zero. SC # Salient Characteristics Method of Evaluation Applicable CLINs Page # Where SC is Found in Technical Literature SC 1 Automated Pill Counter must count pills/tablets of various sizes and shapes. Literature Review 0001 SC2 Automated Pill Counter must have a tray. Literature Review 0001 SC3 Automated Pill Counter must be compatible with standard wall outlet, 110V/220V/240V, 60Hz/50Hz. Literature Review 0001 SC4 Automated Pill Counter must have dimensions less than 30 H, 18 D, 12 W Literature Review 0001 SC5 Automated Pill Counter must weigh less than 20 lbs. Literature Review 0001 SC6 Automated Pill Counter must have a user display Literature Review 0001 SC # Salient Characteristics Method of Evaluation Applicable CLINs Page # Where SC is Found in Technical Literature SC 7 Automated Pill Counter must provide bar code scanning for verification to alert user to a mismatch Literature Review 0002 SC 8 Automated Pill Counter must have Pharmacy Management Software Interface Literature Review 0002 The following attachments are incorporated by reference. All criteria outlined in the attachments are applicable to this combined synopsis/solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jalima J. Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jalima.Jones@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ PILL COUNTERS. All interested companies shall provide a QUOTE for all Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) listed in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ PILL COUNTERS. The ordering period is for one 12-month base year with four 12-month option years. Delivery is a FOB destination. Firm-Fixed Price Orders will be placed against this contract in writing and will provide the delivery locations, delivery dates and exact quantities.Â Â The FAR provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial, applies to this acquisition including attached addenda to the provision.Â The FAR provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, and the specific evaluation criteria as attached addenda also applies to this acquisition.Â Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause.Â Addendum is attached.Â All interested quoters must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting a quote. You may access SAM atÂ https://sam.gov/SAM/.Â Questions regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation are due via email by 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on April 06, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Kimberly LeMieux at Kimberly.LeMieux@va.gov No calls will be accepted. Quotes are due via email by 10:00 AM EST on April 13, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Kimberly LeMieux at Kimberly.LeMieux@va.gov SCOPE OF WORKÂ Â Â The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified Pill Counters product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award.Â Â Pill Counters are standalone devices used to count pills, tablets and capsules. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The objective is to provide Pill Counters to be used by VHA clinicians throughout the United States and its territories. The period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods.Â 2. REQUIREMENTÂ This requirement will be, Brand Name or Equal which requires the offeror indicate that each product being offered as an equal product to Capsa HealthcareÂ® or equal, Pill Counters. For each equal product, the offeror must include a description reflecting the salient characteristics (SCs) and level of quality that will satisfy the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics of the equal product(s) specified in the solicitation. The offeror must also clearly identify the item by brand name (if any) and make/model number. Finally, the offeror must include descriptive literature, such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer (CO) and clearly describe any modifications it plans to make to a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements.Â The following line-items comprise the Pill Counters product line: Contract Line-Item Number Brand Part Number Description 0001 Capsa HealthcareÂ® KL1v KL1v Tablet Counter 0002 Capsa HealthcareÂ® KL1Plus KL1Plus Verification + Counting System 0003 Capsa HealthcareÂ® KL1v Extended Warranty KL1v extended warranty/year (purchased at time of original order only) 0004 Capsa HealthcareÂ® KL1Plus Extended Warranty KL1Plus extended warranty/year (purchased at time of original order only) The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide Capsa HealthcareÂ® brand name or equal to Pill Counters as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics below. The Government intends for offerors to include all ancillary items, to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and as clinically required. Products quoted in the technical volume must be captured on the Vendor s pricing volume (Attachment A - Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Additionally, responses can include any additional product and other product-related services necessary to obtain the supplies as required that may be beneficial and essential to the functionality of the proposed solution. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. When offerors include their additional proposed product items/services, these items may be considered for evaluation and must be captured in the vendor s pricing volume with an estimated quantity of zero. SC # Salient Characteristics Method of Evaluation Applicable CLINs Page # Where SC is Found in Technical Literature SC 1 Automated Pill Counter must count pills/tablets of various sizes and shapes. Literature Review 0001 SC2 Automated Pill Counter must have a tray. Literature Review 0001 SC3 Automated Pill Counter must be compatible with standard wall outlet, 110V/220V/240V, 60Hz/50Hz. Literature Review 0001 SC4 Automated Pill Counter must have dimensions less than 30 H, 18 D, 12 W Literature Review 0001 SC5 Automated Pill Counter must weigh less than 20 lbs. Literature Review 0001 SC6 Automated Pill Counter must have a user display Literature Review 0001 SC # Salient Characteristics Method of Evaluation Applicable CLINs Page # Where SC is Found in Technical Literature SC 7 Automated Pill Counter must provide bar code scanning for verification to alert user to a mismatch Literature Review 0002 SC 8 Automated Pill Counter must have Pharmacy Management Software Interface Literature Review 0002 The following attachments are incorporated by reference. All criteria outlined in the attachments are applicable to this combined synopsis/solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/227baf687eae4fb78803b54a3b677be6/view)