---
layout: default
title: N0001926R0018 C-130 Depot Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO): Request For Proposal (RFP)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: c6cf1b0cce3b45579fdd6a9040a681b1
---

# N0001926R0018 C-130 Depot Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO): Request For Proposal (RFP)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 12:02:59.895-04
- Solicitation Number: N0001926R0018

## Summary

***Start of Update 0005 Posted 20260327*** The purpose of this update is to issue Amendment 0003 to Solicitation N0001926R0018 and to provide a response to questions 7-8. This amendment removes SLIN 0002AD and 0102AD from the solicitation and marks these SLINs as ?RESERVED?. This amendment replaces Attachment 1, Performance Work Statement (PWS) dated 17 March 2026 with Attachment 1, PWS dated 26 March 2026 included with this Amendment in order to remove requirements from paragraph 3.4d and paragraph 3.4.4. The following documents are posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website: N0001926R0018Amend0003; N0001926R0018ConfThruAmend0003; Attachment (01) PWS for C-130 Depot MRO 20260326; and C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1-8 20260327. The proposal due date remains unchanged at not later than 2:00 pm Eastern Time on 31 March 2026 ***End of Update 0005 Posted 20260327*** ***Start of Update 0004 Posted 20260317*** The purpose of this update is to issue Amendment 0002 to Solicitation N0001926R0018 and to provide a response to questions 4-6. This amendment replaces Attachment 1, Performance Work Statement (PWS) dated 14 January 2026 with Attachment 1, PWS dated 17 March 2026 included with this Amendment in order to remove requirements from paragraph 1.2 and paragraph 3.2.4. The following documents are posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website: N0001926R0018Amend0002; N0001926R0018ConfThruAmend0002; Attachment (01) PWS for C-130 Depot MRO 20260317; and C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1-6 20260317. The proposal due date remains unchanged at not later than 2:00 pm Eastern Time on 31 March 2026 ***End of Update 0004 Posted 20260317*** ***Start of Update 0003 Posted 20260303*** The purpose of this update is to issue Amendment 0001 to Solicitation N0001926R0018 and to provide a response to question 3. This amendment incorporates a provision, clause, and revision to Section L associated with Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) requirements. The following documents are posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website: N0001926R0018Amend0001; N0001926R0018ConfThruAmend0001; and C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1-3 20260303. The proposal due date remains unchanged at not later than 2:00 pm Eastern Time on 31 March 2026 ***End of Update 0003 Posted 20260303*** ***Start of Update 0002 Posted 20260220*** The purpose of this update is to provide a response to question 2 received from industry. Formal RFP Question and Answer file ?C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1-2 20260220? is posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website and will be accessible with the formal solicitation and solicitation attachments after Offerors are granted access following the procedures set forth under ?Access to Solicitation/ Solicitation Attachments? in the posting dated 29 January 2026. ***End of Update 0002 Posted 20260220*** ***Start of Update 0001 Posted 20260209*** The purpose of this update is to provide a response to question 1 received from industry. Formal RFP Question and Answer file ?C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1 20260209? is posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website and will be accessible with the formal solicitation and solicitation attachments after Offerors are granted access following the procedures set forth under ?Access to Solicitation/ Solicitation Attachments? in the posting dated 29 January 2026. ***End of Update 0001 Posted 20260209*** ***Start of Notice Description 20260129*** The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), on behalf of PMA-207 (Tactical Airlift Program Office), posts formal Request for Proposal (RFP) N0001926R0018 for C-130 Depot Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) services. This notice is a follow-up to the C-130 MRO DRAFT Request for Proposal Notice N0001925R0024. NAVAIR intends to award a contract to a company incorporated in the United States with a single source Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) structure with a five-year base ordering period and an option ordering period of five years via a Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 15 full and open competition. Planned award is during first quarter of Government Fiscal Year (FY) 2027. Proposals are due not later than 2:00 pm Eastern Time on 31 March 2026 as specified in Block 9 of the SF 33. However, Offerors are encouraged to submit portions of their proposal associated with past performance 14 calendar days prior to that submission date. See Section L paragraph 4.1 of the solicitation document for details. The solicitation, including all attachments, is posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government PIEE website with restricted access and will only be made available to companies incorporated in the United States as verified via SAM.gov. Companies that had requested and been granted access to the DRAFT Request for Proposal under Notice N0001925R0024, have already been provided access in PIEE to the formal Request for Proposal (RFP) under Notice N0001926R0018. The Government may also provide separately, via the dissemination method described below, technical documents to assist Offerors with developing their proposals. Potential Prime Contractors that had already requested and been provided the technical documents with the date ?20260123? on the ?Technical Document List? tab of the provided index file, already have the latest version and should not request the technical documents again. Access to Solicitation/ Solicitation Attachments (For Companies that had not already requested and been granted access to the DRAFT Request for Proposal under Notice N0001925R0024) Solicitation documents may contain Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Requests for access to the solicitation and solicitation attachments in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government PIEE website must be in writing and include: Company name, address, and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code (as it appears in SAM.gov and as registered in the PIEE Solicitation Module). Upon review of the potential Offeror?s (including subcontractor?s) written request and verification of Offeror?s status in SAM.gov, the Government will provide the Offeror access to the Solicitation and Solicitation Attachments in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government PIEE website. Each potential Offeror (including subcontractor?s) shall transmit via email its written request for access to solicitation and solicitation attachments in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government PIEE website, to Contract Specialist Mr. Gregory Webster (gregory.j.webster8.civ@us.navy.mil). Access to Other Technical Documents (Potential Prime Contractor Requests Only. For Potential Prime Contractors that had not already requested and been provided the technical documents with the date ?20260123? on the ?Technical Document List? tab of the provided index file.) Technical documents are available to assist with developing proposals. Some of the technical documents may contain information whose export is restricted by the Arms Export Control Act (Title 22, U.S.C. Sec 2751, et seq.) or the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended (Title 50, U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.). Accordingly, all requests for access to technical documents must be in writing and shall include: Statement that the company intends to submit as a prime contractor; A certified copy of a DD Form 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Agreement. To obtain certification, contact Defense Logistics Information Service at (800) 352-3572 or https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Services/JCP/#joint-certification-program-jcp-office; Company name, address, and CAGE code (as it appears in SAM.gov and as registered in the PIEE Solicitation Module). After obtaining a certified DD Form 2345, each Offeror shall transmit via email its written request for access to the technical documents, with the certified DD Form 2345 attached to the email, to the aforementioned Contract Specialist. Prior to granting access to technical documents, the Government will verify that the company requesting the data is incorporated within the United States based on CAGE code listing in SAM.gov. Potential prime contractors may initially request access to the solicitation and solicitation attachments following the procedure set forth above, and submit an additional request for technical documents after obtaining the certified copy of a DD Form 2345. Each potential Offeror shall certify that no dissemination of any export-controlled solicitation attachments and technical documents containing CUI subject to this requirement will occur in a manner that would violate applicable export control laws and regulations via submittal of their approved DD Form 2345. Upon review of the Offeror?s written request and approved DD Form 2345, the Government will provide the Offeror access to the technical documents via the DoD SAFE website (previously AMRDEC) - https://safe.apps.mil/. The data custodian listed in Block 3 of DD Form 2345 will receive a link, via e-mail, to the package download page as well as a password. The password is unique for each recipient and will be disabled once SAFE detects that the user successfully downloaded each file within the package. Distribution of CUI by an Offeror to that Offeror?s team members, partners, subcontractors, suppliers and/or vendors shall be the responsibility of the Offeror and shall be limited to a ?need to know? basis. All guidance contained herein with regard to handling, distribution and destruction of CUI data shall be flowed down to all subcontractors and team members. Those who access or take receipt of any technical data shall comply with all laws, export controls and distribution statements associated with the document.***End of Notice Description 20260129***

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gregory Webster
  - Email: gregory.j.webster8.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Shawn Campbell
  - Email: shawn.campbell.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Performance Work Statement (PWS) dated 17 March 2026 with Attachment 1, PWS dated 26 March 2026 included with this Amendment in order to remove requirements from paragraph 3.4d and paragraph 3.4.4. The following documents are posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website: N0001926R0018Amend0003; N0001926R0018ConfThruAmend0003; Attachment (01) PWS for C-130 Depot MRO 20260326; and C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1-8 20260327. The proposal due date remains unchanged at not later than 2:00 pm Eastern Time on 31 March 2026 ***End of Update 0005 Posted 20260327*** ***Start of Update 0004 Posted 20260317*** The purpose of this update is to issue Amendment 0002 to Solicitation N0001926R0018 and to provide a response to questions 4-6. This amendment replaces Attachment 1, Performance Work Statement (PWS) dated 14 January 2026 with Attachment 1, PWS dated 17 March 2026 included with this Amendment in order to remove requirements from paragraph 1.2 and paragraph 3.2.4. The following documents are posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website: N0001926R0018Amend0002; N0001926R0018ConfThruAmend0002; Attachment (01) PWS for C-130 Depot MRO 20260317; and C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1-6 20260317. The proposal due date remains unchanged at not later than 2:00 pm Eastern Time on 31 March 2026 ***End of Update 0004 Posted 20260317*** ***Start of Update 0003 Posted 20260303*** The purpose of this update is to issue Amendment 0001 to Solicitation N0001926R0018 and to provide a response to question 3. This amendment incorporates a provision, clause, and revision to Section L associated with Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) requirements. The following documents are posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website: N0001926R0018Amend0001; N0001926R0018ConfThruAmend0001; and C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1-3 20260303. The proposal due date remains unchanged at not later than 2:00 pm Eastern Time on 31 March 2026 ***End of Update 0003 Posted 20260303*** ***Start of Update 0002 Posted 20260220*** The purpose of this update is to provide a response to question 2 received from industry. Formal RFP Question and Answer file ?C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1-2 20260220? is posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website and will be accessible with the formal solicitation and solicitation attachments after Offerors are granted access following the procedures set forth under ?Access to Solicitation/ Solicitation Attachments? in the posting dated 29 January 2026. ***End of Update 0002 Posted 20260220*** ***Start of Update 0001 Posted 20260209*** The purpose of this update is to provide a response to question 1 received from industry. Formal RFP Question and Answer file ?C130 Depot MRO RFP N0001926R0018 Q_A 1 20260209? is posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website and will be accessible with the formal solicitation and solicitation attachments after Offerors are granted access following the procedures set forth under ?Access to Solicitation/ Solicitation Attachments? in the posting dated 29 January 2026. ***End of Update 0001 Posted 20260209*** ***Start of Notice Description 20260129*** The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), on behalf of PMA-207 (Tactical Airlift Program Office), posts formal Request for Proposal (RFP) N0001926R0018 for C-130 Depot Maintenance Repair and Overhaul (MRO) services. This notice is a follow-up to the C-130 MRO DRAFT Request for Proposal Notice N0001925R0024. NAVAIR intends to award a contract to a company incorporated in the United States with a single source Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) structure with a five-year base ordering period and an option ordering period of five years via a Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 15 full and open competition. Planned award is during first quarter of Government Fiscal Year (FY) 2027. Proposals are due not later than 2:00 pm Eastern Time on 31 March 2026 as specified in Block 9 of the SF 33. However, Offerors are encouraged to submit portions of their proposal associated with past performance 14 calendar days prior to that submission date. See Section L paragraph 4.1 of the solicitation document for details. The solicitation, including all attachments, is posted in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government PIEE website with restricted access and will only be made available to companies incorporated in the United States as verified via SAM.gov. Companies that had requested and been granted access to the DRAFT Request for Proposal under Notice N0001925R0024, have already been provided access in PIEE to the formal Request for Proposal (RFP) under Notice N0001926R0018. The Government may also provide separately, via the dissemination method described below, technical documents to assist Offerors with developing their proposals. Potential Prime Contractors that had already requested and been provided the technical documents with the date ?20260123? on the ?Technical Document List? tab of the provided index file, already have the latest version and should not request the technical documents again. Access to Solicitation/ Solicitation Attachments (For Companies that had not already requested and been granted access to the DRAFT Request for Proposal under Notice N0001925R0024) Solicitation documents may contain Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Requests for access to the solicitation and solicitation attachments in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government PIEE website must be in writing and include: Company name, address, and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code (as it appears in SAM.gov and as registered in the PIEE Solicitation Module). Upon review of the potential Offeror?s (including subcontractor?s) written request and verification of Offeror?s status in SAM.gov, the Government will provide the Offeror access to the Solicitation and Solicitation Attachments in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government PIEE website. Each potential Offeror (including subcontractor?s) shall transmit via email its written request for access to solicitation and solicitation attachments in the Solicitation Module of the U.S. Government PIEE website, to Contract Specialist Mr. Gregory Webster (gregory.j.webster8.civ@us.navy.mil). Access to Other Technical Documents (Potential Prime Contractor Requests Only. For Potential Prime Contractors that had not already requested and been provided the technical documents with the date ?20260123? on the ?Technical Document List? tab of the provided index file.) Technical documents are available to assist with developing proposals. Some of the technical documents may contain information whose export is restricted by the Arms Export Control Act (Title 22, U.S.C. Sec 2751, et seq.) or the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended (Title 50, U.S.C. App. 2401 et seq.). Accordingly, all requests for access to technical documents must be in writing and shall include: Statement that the company intends to submit as a prime contractor; A certified copy of a DD Form 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Agreement. To obtain certification, contact Defense Logistics Information Service at (800) 352-3572 or https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Services/JCP/#joint-certification-program-jcp-office; Company name, address, and CAGE code (as it appears in SAM.gov and as registered in the PIEE Solicitation Module). After obtaining a certified DD Form 2345, each Offeror shall transmit via email its written request for access to the technical documents, with the certified DD Form 2345 attached to the email, to the aforementioned Contract Specialist. Prior to granting access to technical documents, the Government will verify that the company requesting the data is incorporated within the United States based on CAGE code listing in SAM.gov. Potential prime contractors may initially request access to the solicitation and solicitation attachments following the procedure set forth above, and submit an additional request for technical documents after obtaining the certified copy of a DD Form 2345. Each potential Offeror shall certify that no dissemination of any export-controlled solicitation attachments and technical documents containing CUI subject to this requirement will occur in a manner that would violate applicable export control laws and regulations via submittal of their approved DD Form 2345. Upon review of the Offeror?s written request and approved DD Form 2345, the Government will provide the Offeror access to the technical documents via the DoD SAFE website (previously AMRDEC) - https://safe.apps.mil/. The data custodian listed in Block 3 of DD Form 2345 will receive a link, via e-mail, to the package download page as well as a password. The password is unique for each recipient and will be disabled once SAFE detects that the user successfully downloaded each file within the package. Distribution of CUI by an Offeror to that Offeror?s team members, partners, subcontractors, suppliers and/or vendors shall be the responsibility of the Offeror and shall be limited to a ?need to know? basis. All guidance contained herein with regard to handling, distribution and destruction of CUI data shall be flowed down to all subcontractors and team members. Those who access or take receipt of any technical data shall comply with all laws, export controls and distribution statements associated with the document.***End of Notice Description 20260129***

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c6cf1b0cce3b45579fdd6a9040a681b1/view)