---
layout: default
title: J059--36C249-26-AP-0547 - Filters and UV Bulb Services - Engineering
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: caa9a20821964d9da8039c6de09b7e9f
---

# J059--36C249-26-AP-0547 - Filters and UV Bulb Services - Engineering

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 13:02:51.664-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926Q0153
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Page 1 of Page 3 of 100 Page 1 of 36C24926Q0153 Page 1 of Page 5 of 100 Page 1 of Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ with #36C24926Q0153. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 Effective Date 10/01/2025 This solicitation is set-aside for a 100% Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Set-Aside. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 561210 with a small business size standard of $47 Million. The FSC/PSC is J045. Business size status shall be listed and verified with the US Small Business Administration at https://search.certifications.sba.gov at the time of quote submission and award. The Nashville TVHS VAMC located at 1310 24th Avenue South, Nashville TN 37212 is seeking to purchase a full-service contract that will include all labor and all parts for removal, replacement, and disposal of Air Handling Unit (AHU) air filters and Ultraviolet (UV) bulbs for the AHUs and heat exchangers located in the facility. This will include regular replacement of filters in accordance with the Veteran Affairs (VA) schedule outlined in the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs Office of Construction and Facilities Management HVAC Design Manual from November 2017. This requirement will meet the requirements of the manufacturer, environmental safety, and the facility. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1) Insert the provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, in solicitations for commercial products or commercial services. FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Items NOTE: RFO FAR 52.212-3 is RESERVED and replaced with: Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov Registration is required to be complete at time of submission of response. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023). FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services and regarding which, if any, of the additional FAR clauses cited in the clause are applicable to this acquisition. Quotes are due March 18, 2026, by 11:00 AM ET. Quotes shall be submitted via email to: Daphne.Stewart@va.gov. Quotes received after this date and time will be considered late in accordance with FAR Provision 52.212-1 and will not be evaluated unless the Contracting Officer determines the late quote will be accepted IAW FAR 52.212-1(f)(2)(i)(A-C). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact: Daphne.Stewart@va.gov The following are the decision factors: Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. [CO will include basis of evaluation in the quote/offer, e.g., Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. This is for a Base plus 4 (1 year each) year options. Quoters shall review the Statement of Work (SOW) (SEE ATTACHMENT A) and provide pricing using the Price/Cost Schedule (ATTACHMENT B). Page 1 of Page 22 of 100 Page 1 of 36C24926Q0153 Page 1 of Page 100 of 100 Page 1 of Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far Offer Submission: All quotes shall be legible and prepared in the following format to be properly evaluated. Offers shall be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirement of this RFQ. All questions shall be submitted via email to Daphne.Stewart@va.gov no later than 11am CDT on March 16, 2026. A RFQ Amendment will be issued to provide answers to questions submitted, if any. Unless authorized in writing by an amendment to this solicitation, offers shall submit their quotation no later than 11am ET on March 18, 2026, via email to Daphne.Stewart@va.gov with Subject: 36C24926Q0153 UV BULBS and FILTERS - TVHS. Submit your company s quote by email the address specified on page 1 of this Request for Quotes (RFQ) utilizing either PDF or Microsoft Word file formats (8 Megabyte File Size Limitation) and with Subject RFQ 36C24926Q0153 response . Vendors shall submit only one quote. If a concern submits more than one quote all quotes may be rejected from that concern. Quotes received that do not contain all the following information being requested may be considered unacceptable. Submission deadline: Your quote must be received at the email address specified by the deadline specified on page 1. We will not consider any quote that we receive after the deadline unless we receive it before we issue an award and considering it will not delay the award. In case of an emergency that delays our operations and makes submission or receipt of your quote impossible, we will extend the deadline by one working day. All interested Parties are hereby advised that the Government shall not be responsible for late submissions, wi-fi/server interruptions related to the submission of a quote. It shall be the responsibility of each quoter to confirm receipt of quote with the Contracting Officer at the time of submission or prior to the close of the solicitation. Offeror shall fill in and submit a completed Price Schedule located in this RFQ. Offeror agrees to hold quoted pricing firm for 60 days. Terms and content of your quote: Quotes must be based on the terms of this RFQ. We may reject any quote that is not based on these terms in every respect. Your quote must contain all of the information described below. Information to be submitted: The following information is required on your quote: 1. RFQ Number: 36C24926Q0153 2. CONTRACTOR ________________________________________ (Contractor s Name) 3. ADDRESS ________________________________________(Street-City-State-Zip) 4. POINT OF CONTACT _______________________________ (Name/Title/Phone/Email) 5. SAM UEI NUMBER ________________________________________ 6. All quotes shall include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the RFQ are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the RFQ are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Provide a statement that your company s Offeror Representations and Certifications are complete in SAM.gov. ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF AMENDMENTS: The quoter acknowledges receipt of amendments to the synopsis solicitation numbered and dated as follows: AMENDMENT NO DATE Add rows as needed. The above amendment section must be filled-out in the event that an Amendment(s) is sent to the quoter or posted to www.sam.gov and must be returned with the RFQ package. Failure to acknowledge amendment(s) may constitute the rejection of the quote. Award will be made to the quote determined to be acceptable, price reasonable, and is determined to best value to the government; all eligible quoters may submit quotes. All quoters must be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov at time quotes are due to be considered for an award of a federal contract. Registration must be complete and not missing any elements such as representations and certifications. To be eligible for this SDVOSB total set-aside your company s registrations shall include the appropriate NAICS code. You are reminded that representatives from your company SHALL NOT contact any VA Medical Center personnel to discuss this RFQ during this RFQ process. All questions and concerns regarding this RFQ shall be directed to the Contracting Officer by email. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1: Technical Factor 2: Price Factor 3: Past Performance Technical: The Offeror s quote shall demonstrate qualifications and ability to meet the requirements. The Contractor s employees should be knowledgeable of standards associated with Air Handling Unit air filters and UV bulb removal, replacement, and disposal. The contractor shall identify which employees will be working under the awarded contract. Contractor personnel shall include employees, sub-contractors, subcontractor employees, suppliers and delivery personnel entering the Medical Center. This does not apply to suppliers and delivery personnel making deliveries to the VA warehouse dock only. Those employees shall bring photo ID to obtain a VA Contractor identification badge that shall be always worn above the belt while on Medical Center property. The contractor s employees shall return all I.D. badges to designated personnel at the time designated in the task order. Offeror s quote shall demonstrate a Quality Control Plan that reflects the Contractor s plan for meeting the contract requirements, Deliverables, and performance standards. The offeror shall adhere to all instructions in this RFQ. Quotations that do not adhere to the above instructions shall be considered Technically Unacceptable. PRICE Offerors are requested to complete and return Price/Cost Schedule beginning on page 18 of this RFQ. PAST PERFORMANCE Vendors submitting a quote shall be regularly established in the business of providing the services identified in the Statement of Work and who have experience with commercial contracts of similar demand or greater, with conditions and scope as required for this contract. Vendors submitting a quote shall provide three (3) identified references when submitting their quote. Emphasis will be on recent and relevant past performance. Recent is defined as work performed within the last 3 (three) years. Relevant is defines as work similar in scope of the work described in the Statement of Work. Contract: Start Date of Contract: End Date of Contract: Reference s Name and Phone Number: Type of work performed & product used: EVALUATION The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered, reference FAR 13.106-2(b)(3). The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: Price Technical Past performance Before making award, the Contracting Officer will determine whether the proposed price is fair and reasonable in accordance with FAR 13.106-3. Options. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that a quote is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). A written notice of award or acceptance of a quote, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful quote within the time for acceptance specified in the quote, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the quote s specified expiration time, the Government may accept a quote (or part of a quote), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Point of Contact: Daphne Stewart, Daphne.Stewart@va.gov See attached document: WD 2015-4647 REV 29 dated 07/08/2025.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Daphne Stewart
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Daphne.Stewart@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: and provide pricing using the Price/Cost Schedule (ATTACHMENT B). Page 1 of Page 22 of 100 Page 1 of 36C24926Q0153 Page 1 of Page 100 of 100 Page 1 of Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far Offer Submission: All quotes shall be legible and prepared in the following format to be properly evaluated. Offers shall be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirement of this RFQ. All questions shall be submitted via email to Daphne.Stewart@va.gov no later than 11am CDT on March 16, 2026. A RFQ Amendment will be issued to provide answers to questions submitted, if any. Unless authorized in writing by an amendment to this solicitation, offers shall submit their quotation no later than 11am ET on March 18, 2026, via email to Daphne.Stewart@va.gov with Subject: 36C24926Q0153 UV BULBS and FILTERS - TVHS. Submit your company s quote by email the address specified on page 1 of this Request for Quotes (RFQ) utilizing either PDF or Microsoft Word file formats (8 Megabyte File Size Limitation) and with Subject RFQ 36C24926Q0153 response . Vendors shall submit only one quote. If a concern submits more than one quote all quotes may be rejected from that concern. Quotes received that do not contain all the following information being requested may be considered unacceptable. Submission deadline: Your quote must be received at the email address specified by the deadline specified on page 1. We will not consider any quote that we receive after the deadline unless we receive it before we issue an award and considering it will not delay the award. In case of an emergency that delays our operations and makes submission or receipt of your quote impossible, we will extend the deadline by one working day. All interested Parties are hereby advised that the Government shall not be responsible for late submissions, wi-fi/server interruptions related to the submission of a quote. It shall be the responsibility of each quoter to confirm receipt of quote with the Contracting Officer at the time of submission or prior to the close of the solicitation. Offeror shall fill in and submit a completed Price Schedule located in this RFQ. Offeror agrees to hold quoted pricing firm for 60 days. Terms and content of your quote: Quotes must be based on the terms of this RFQ. We may reject any quote that is not based on these terms in every respect. Your quote must contain all of the information described below. Information to be submitted: The following information is required on your quote: 1. RFQ Number: 36C24926Q0153 2. CONTRACTOR ________________________________________ (Contractor s Name) 3. ADDRESS ________________________________________(Street-City-State-Zip) 4. POINT OF CONTACT _______________________________ (Name/Title/Phone/Email) 5. SAM UEI NUMBER ________________________________________ 6. All quotes shall include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the RFQ are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the RFQ are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Provide a statement that your company s Offeror Representations and Certifications are complete in SAM.gov. ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF AMENDMENTS: The quoter acknowledges receipt of amendments to the synopsis solicitation numbered and dated as follows: AMENDMENT NO DATE Add rows as needed. The above amendment section must be filled-out in the event that an Amendment(s) is sent to the quoter or posted to www.sam.gov and must be returned with the RFQ package. Failure to acknowledge amendment(s) may constitute the rejection of the quote. Award will be made to the quote determined to be acceptable, price reasonable, and is determined to best value to the government; all eligible quoters may submit quotes. All quoters must be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov at time quotes are due to be considered for an award of a federal contract. Registration must be complete and not missing any elements such as representations and certifications. To be eligible for this SDVOSB total set-aside your company s registrations shall include the appropriate NAICS code. You are reminded that representatives from your company SHALL NOT contact any VA Medical Center personnel to discuss this RFQ during this RFQ process. All questions and concerns regarding this RFQ shall be directed to the Contracting Officer by email. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1: Technical Factor 2: Price Factor 3: Past Performance Technical: The Offeror s quote shall demonstrate qualifications and ability to meet the requirements. The Contractor s employees should be knowledgeable of standards associated with Air Handling Unit air filters and UV bulb removal, replacement, and disposal. The contractor shall identify which employees will be working under the awarded contract. Contractor personnel shall include employees, sub-contractors, subcontractor employees, suppliers and delivery personnel entering the Medical Center. This does not apply to suppliers and delivery personnel making deliveries to the VA warehouse dock only. Those employees shall bring photo ID to obtain a VA Contractor identification badge that shall be always worn above the belt while on Medical Center property. The contractor s employees shall return all I.D. badges to designated personnel at the time designated in the task order. Offeror s quote shall demonstrate a Quality Control Plan that reflects the Contractor s plan for meeting the contract requirements, Deliverables, and performance standards. The offeror shall adhere to all instructions in this RFQ. Quotations that do not adhere to the above instructions shall be considered Technically Unacceptable. PRICE Offerors are requested to complete and return Price/Cost Schedule beginning on page 18 of this RFQ. PAST PERFORMANCE Vendors submitting a quote shall be regularly established in the business of providing the services identified in the Statement of Work and who have experience with commercial contracts of similar demand or greater, with conditions and scope as required for this contract. Vendors submitting a quote shall provide three (3) identified references when submitting their quote. Emphasis will be on recent and relevant past performance. Recent is defined as work performed within the last 3 (three) years. Relevant is defines as work similar in scope of the work described in the Statement of Work. Contract: Start Date of Contract: End Date of Contract: Reference s Name and Phone Number: Type of work performed & product used: EVALUATION The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered, reference FAR 13.106-2(b)(3). The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: Price Technical Past performance Before making award, the Contracting Officer will determine whether the proposed price is fair and reasonable in accordance with FAR 13.106-3. Options. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that a quote is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). A written notice of award or acceptance of a quote, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful quote within the time for acceptance specified in the quote, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the quote s specified expiration time, the Government may accept a quote (or part of a quote), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Point of Contact: Daphne Stewart, Daphne.Stewart@va.gov See attached document: WD 2015-4647 REV 29 dated 07/08/2025

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/caa9a20821964d9da8039c6de09b7e9f/view)