---
layout: default
title: U.S. Department of Agriculture Seeks to Lease Office and Related Space in Delaware, OH
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: d4d0d8379b5e4710b83e5777fcd394cd
---

# U.S. Department of Agriculture Seeks to Lease Office and Related Space in Delaware, OH

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 12:03:31.592-04
- Solicitation Number: 57-39041-23-FA

## Summary

NOTICE: 3/26/2026: This notice is to re-issue the presolicitation notice for this project, and remove electric vehicle charging from the requirements. A solicitation will be issued shortly. U.S. GOVERNMENT Department of Agriculture (USDA) seeks to lease the following space: LOCATION REQUIREMENTS State: OH City: Delaware DELINEATED AREA: NORTH: Rt. 37 and Rt. 110/Delaware County Line Rd., follow Rt. 37, turns into Rt. 37/W. Central Ave, turns into Rt. 37/E. Central Ave., Lake St / HWY 42, turns into HWY-42, ending at Rt. 87/Harris Rd EAST: Rt. 87/Harris Rd. and HWY-42., follow Rt. 87/ Harris Road, to Rte. 521/Kilbourne Rd., to. 85/Skinner Rd., to Rte. 86/Baker Rd., to Rt.88/Plunkett Rd., HWY-36/State Rt.37E, to Rt. 95/ Roloson Rd., to Rt. 89/ 273/ Curved Rd., to Rt. 271/Dale Ford Rd. ending at Rt. 91/Berlin Station Rd. SOUTH: Rt. 271/Berlin Station Rd. and Rt. 91., follow Rt. 91/Berlin Station Rd., turns into Rt. 92/Braumiller Rd., to Rt. 101/Pollock Rd., to HWY-23/Columbus Pike to Rt 315/Olentagny River Rd. to Rt 141/Bunty Station Rd., to S Section Line Rd., to HWY-42, to Rt. 93/ Smart-Cole Rd., to Rt.101/Hinton Mill Rd., ending at Rt. 101/ Hinton Mill Rd. and Rt. 107 WEST: Rt. 101/ Hinton Mill Rd. and Rt. 107/ Springdale Rd., follow Rt. 107/Sprindale Rd to HWY-36 to Delaware County Line Rd/ Rt. 110., ending at Rt. 37. SPACE REQUIREMENTS Minimum Sq. Ft. (ABOA): 4,220 ABOA SF Minimum Maximum Sq. Ft. (ABOA): 4,431 ABOA SF Maximum Maximum Sq. Ft. (RSF): 5,064 Maximum Rentable Square Feet SPACE TYPE: Office space PARKING REQUIREMENTS Reserved parking for Government Vehicles: 6 Reserved parking for Visitors: 25 Unreserved Parking for Employees: 20 Large Vehicle Parking: One of the Reserved Visitor parking spaces will be large enough to accommodate large vehicles and Semi- trucks with trailers. The parking shall be either on site or publicly located within ¼ walkable mile (1,320 Feet) of the public entrance of the Premises. The parking lot shall have pull-through capabilities and shall not be obstructed by adjacent building/ tenant usage. TERM REQUIREMENTS Full Term: Up to 20 Years (240 Months) Firm Term: 5 years (60 Months) Termination Rights: 120 Days OFFERED SPACE: The space offered, its location, and its surrounding areas must be compatible with the Government’s intended use. Space will not be considered where any living quarters are located within the building. Space shall not be located near establishments whose primary operation is the sale of alcoholic beverages, firearms sold/ discharged, or where there are tenants related to drug treatment or detention facilities. Subleases are not acceptable. First floor contiguous space required. The Government will have access to the Space 24-hours a day, 7-days a week. Normal hours of operation are Monday through Friday 6:00 AM – 6:00 PM (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and Federal Holidays). Offered space must meet the Government’s requirements for fire safety, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the Lease. A fully serviced lease is required. All services, janitorial services, utilities shall be provided as part of the rental consideration. Offered space shall not be in the 1 percent-annual chance (100-year) flood plain. TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROHIBITIONS REQUIREMENTS Entities are advised to familiarize themselves with the telecommunications prohibitions outlined under Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), as implemented by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). For more information, visit: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B DUE DATES Expressions of Interest Due: April 10, 2026 no later than 6:30 PM (EDT) Occupancy (Estimated): Early 2027 SAM.GOV Entities not currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at SAM.gov, are advised to start the registration process as soon as possible. SAM.gov registration is required to propose in response to a solicitation. HOW TO RESPOND/ EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST SHALL INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING: Provide the name, company name, company address, email and telephone number of the building owner. If offeror is not the owner, provide the name, company name, company address, email and telephone number of the offeror. If offeror is not the owner of the property, an authorization letter signed by owner providing permission to represent owner will be required. * If existing building, building name and address, and location of the available space within the building, along with building site/ lot plans, interior layout drawings/pictures (with dimensions shown) reflecting the Space that is being offered. If new construction, site/aerial plans or building site/lot plans showing the location of the proposal land, along with the parcel number (if part of multiple parcels, all parcel numbers associated with the proposed land). Adjacent streets showing proposed ingress/egress shall be shown on the plans. Rentable square feet (RSF) and ANSI/BOMA office area (ABOA) square feet to be offered. Date of space availability. Amount of/type of parking available on-site. Photos of the space or site being submitted, or permission for Market Survey participants to photograph the space or site. For existing buildings, provide information on condition of building systems, roof, foundation, and current floor plan. Alternatively, provide a copy of a recent commercial building inspection or appraisal. Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Architectural Barriers Act Accessibility Standards (ABAAS). Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Seismic Safety Standards, as applicable. Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Fire Protection & Life Safety Requirements. For new construction or properties requiring expansion of the footprint of the building, confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 (NEPA) Requirements. * As mentioned in #3 above, any submission received without written authorization to represent owner(s) will not be considered until such time the documentation has been received. In cases where an agent is representing multiple entities, written acknowledgement/permission from each entity to represent multiple interest parties for the same submission must be submitted prior to the Expressions of Interest due date. SEND EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST TO: Heather Schmitt, Lease Contracting Officer Email address Heather.Schmitt@usda.gov GOVERNMENT CONTACT INFORMATION: Heather Schmitt, Lease Contracting Officer Email address Heather.Schmitt@usda.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Heather Schmitt
  - Email: heather.schmitt@usda.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d4d0d8379b5e4710b83e5777fcd394cd/view)