---
layout: default
title: Dugway Proving Ground (DPG) Horizontal Facility Construction Road Maintenance
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d634e799038f4f85812554283d30b8a6
---

# Dugway Proving Ground (DPG) Horizontal Facility Construction Road Maintenance

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 14:12:12.495-04
- Solicitation Number: W911S6-26-B-A00X

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE THIS IS A Sources Sought Notice ONLY. The Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC), Dugway Proving Ground (DPG) Installation Contracting Office (ICO) intends to award a IDIQ Horizontal Facility Construction contract for broad range of Paving, asphalt, concrete projects to include airfield and roadway pavements. We highly encourage all small businesses, in all socioeconomic categories (including, 8(a) Business Development Program, Small Disadvantage Business, Historically Underutilized Business Zone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, Women-Owned Small Business concerns), to identify their capabilities in meeting the requirement at a fair market price. This notice does not constitute a Request for Quote (RFQ), Invitation for Bid (IFB), Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFQ, IFB or RFP in the future. This notice does not commit the U.S. Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, the U.S. Government is not seeking quotes, bids or proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals in response to this sources sought notice. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. A determination not to compete this requirement, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government. However, if a competitive solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the Governmentwide Point of Entry (GPE), sam.gov. It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the GPE for additional information pertaining to this requirement. The anticipated NAICS code is 237310 Highway, Street, and Bridge Construction, with a size standard of $45 million. ACQUISITION PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: Perform construction and repair of surfaced areas, including asphalt and cement concrete pavements, gravel and earth surfaced areas, and associated structures and appurtenances. Additionally, perform associated work related to relocation and repair of utility distribution systems affected by the work. All work will be performed by qualified personnel in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, and documents as listed in the Statement of Work (SOW). Components. Surfaced areas covered under this contract include, but are not limited to, the following: Paved and unpaved roadways, trails, and shoulders Paved and unpaved parking areas Sidewalks Curbs Vehicle storage and staging yards Maintenance yards Supply yards Bridges The Utility Distribution Systems include exterior water and sewer piping systems to the buildings and all systems to which piping is attached. This work applies to all supply systems for the Utility Distribution Systems to all buildings, structures, and grounds that are affected by work to surfaced areas. Army Airfield Pavement. Perform construction and repairs as recommended by reports, the specifications in TE 03, or identified by Directorate of Public Works (DPW) Inspectors. The construction, repair, schedule and methods will be approved by the Government and coordinated with the Airfield Operations staff. The contractor may be required to keep the airfield operational while performing the work required by the delivery order. Work Zones. Line items for this contract include a unit cost for each work zone. Measurement of mileage for the zones starts from an origin point from the center of the roadway on SR 199 at the installation boundary located just east of the Main Gate. Work zones are defined by 10-mile radii as shown on TE 07. The draft Statement of Work (SOW) and draft TE-01 Contract Line Items, and TE-02 Standard Specifications Book Rev 9 are provided for further details of the requirement. In response to the sources sought, provide the following: 1. Name of the firm, point of contact, phone number, email address, commercial activity/government entity (CAGE) code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, corresponding NAICS code, identify business size (large business or a small business), and if applicable, a statement regarding small business status (including small business type(s)/certifications(s) such as SDB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, WOSB, etc.) and the corresponding NAICS code. 2. Please submit your capabilities regarding the salient characteristics being provided and any information pertaining to equal items to establish capabilities for planning purposes. Provide recommendations to improve the Army's specifications for acquiring the identified items. 3. Identify whether your firm is interested in competing for this requirement as a prime contractor or not. Identify subcontracting, joint ventures or teaming arrangement that will be pursued, if any. 4. Information to help determine if the requirement (items) is commercially available, including pricing information, basis for the pricing information (e.g., market pricing, catalog pricing), delivery schedules, customary terms and conditions, warranties, etc. 5. Information in sufficient detail regarding previous experience (indicate whether as a prime contractor or subcontractor) on similar requirements (including size, scope, complexity, timeframe, government or commercial), pertinent certifications, etc., that will facilitate making a capability determination. 6. Identify any condition or action that may be having the effect of unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition and identify alternatives or solutions. Also contact the MICC Advocate for Competition, Scott Kukes, at scott.d.kukes.civ@army.mil or 210-466-3015, if you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition. Include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the MICC POC information from the Sources Sought Notification. Provide the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion. 7. Recommendations to improve the approach/specifications/draft SOW to fulfill this requirement. Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement (not to exceed 5 pages in length) and shall enter “Facility Construction Horizontal” in subject line of email. The deadline for the response to this notification is no later than 3:00 PM, Mountain Standard Time (MST) on April 2, 2026. The point of contract concerning this sources sought notification is Mr. Nicholas Rowton, Contract Specialist at (435) 831-2620, or email nicholas.j.rowton.civ@army.mil. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted, receipt of submissions will not be acknowledged, and no feedback will be provided to companies regarding their submissions.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nicholas J. Rowton
  - Email: nicholas.j.rowton.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 4358312620
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Alfred J. Keetch
  - Email: alfred.j.keetch.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 4358312362

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d634e799038f4f85812554283d30b8a6/view)