---
layout: default
title: FUEL FEED CELL,AIRC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 527cb83e0a1e4ebcb4dc12ce3b6bb353
---

# FUEL FEED CELL,AIRC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 06:52:05.528-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRPA126QWB08

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8|||x|AS/EN/JISQ 9100 or equivalent ||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice or Receiving Report (Combo)|Invoice 2in1|TBD|SPRPA1|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE |TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| MANDATORY USE OF WORKFLOW PRO (WFP) MOD ASSIST MODULE|1|| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUN 2003)|6|12 MONTHS |45 DAYS AFTER DISCOVERY OF DEFECT ||||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| ESTIMATE OF PERCENTAGE OF RECOVERED MATERIAL CONTENT FOR EPA DESIGNATED PRODUCTS (MAY 2008))|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||X| For Critical Safety Items (CSI), DFARS clause 252.209-7010, Identification oCritical Safety Items, is incorporated by reference. Procurement Note E05 (DLAD 46.492) is hereby incorporated by reference. As applicable DFARS clause 252.242-7005, Contractor Business Systems, isincorporated by reference. THIS SOLICITATION IS BEING ISSUED UNDER EAF AUTHORITY; Synopsis is waived based on urgency (FAR 5.202(a)(2)). This is a Critical Safety Item (CSI). Unless for (P-8/P-3 Platform) Commercial Items (IAW FAR 2.101) readilyavailable on the commcercial market for which current FAA certificationdocumentation (FAA Form 8130-3 Air Worthiness Approval Tag) will accompanyindividual product, for New Unused stock from the OEM, Offerors are advisedthat offers received from sources which are not Government-approved sources ofsupply will be deemed technically unacceptable, and therefore ineligible foraward. Any distributors of approved source(s) MUST submit a copy of theirauthorized distributor letter, on the source's letterhead, to the point ofcontact indicated on the soliciation via email, at time of proposal submitted. Other than what is noted for P-8/P-3 Platform, all potential offers shallprovide newly manufactured spares only. Refurbished, remanufactured, orrepaired material will not be acceptable; Offers for such are ineligible for for award. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 . Markings shall be in accordance with MIL-STD-130. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS - NOT APPLICABLE 3. REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall maintain a quality control system which meets the requirements of Mil-I-45208A, Mil-Q 9858,ISO-9000 / 9001 / 9002 or equivalent. RESPONSIBILITY FOR INSPECTION: Unless otherwise specified, the contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified, the contractor may use his own or any other facility suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein. PROCEDURES:The contractor shall prepare and maintain Quality Control Documentation, test and repair procedures, and inspection procedures which shall be made available to the Government for review and approval. The procedures shall include sequential diagrams of the test, repair, and inspection process, as well as the performance spcifications to perform the procedures. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROGRAM PLAN: The contractor shall develop, implement and maintain a Repair Quality Plan in compliance with the requirements of Mil-I-45208A, Mil-Q-9858, ISO,9000 / 9001 / 9002, or equvalent.The plan shall define the specific methods by which compliance with contractual requirements will be assured. All quality assurance data shall be provided to the Government for review and approval upon request. PURCHASED MATERIAL CONTROL: The contractor shall establish and maintain a system of control over purchased material which shall assure that the necessary requirements of this contract are included. in all sub contract agreements. A parts control system shall establish a record of performance for each purchased and internally manufactured part and shall be used to evaluate continued use of the source. The contractors control system shall be in compliance wil either Mil-I 45208A/Mil-Q-9858 or equivalent Quality Quality Assurance Standared.(ISO/AS:9000, 9001, 9002). RECEIVING INSPECTION OF PURCHASED MATERIAL: Purchased items shall be inspected upon receipt at the contractors facility to assure conformance with all requirements of the Technical Data Package (TDP). Evidence of such inspections shall be maintained for Government review at least twelve (12) months following acceptance of the end item. Inspection reports shall be maintained by the contractor. The inspection report shall, at a minimum, include a record of all dimensional data (coordinate/positional), material, finish, and process with appropriate pass/fail criteria, such ascertifications, and actual dimensional readings. FAILURE ANALYSIS AND CORRECTIVE ACTION:All failure analysis and corrective action reports/plans shall be submitted to the Government. NONCONFORMING MATERIAL:The contractor shall establish an effective system for controlling nonconforming material including procedures for identification, segregation, and disposition. CONTRACTOR INTERNAL REVIEW BOARD (IRB):IRB authority is delegated to the contractor for this contract only. The IRB may be used only for disposition of materials exhibiting minor non-conformances, scrap or rework to return a part to conformance with drawings or specifications as authorized by the approved repair procedures.IRB shall not use "AS-IS" disposition. A complete file of IRB actions shall be maintained for review by the Government for concurrance of classification. MATERIAL REVIEW BOARD (MRB):Formal MRB authority for disposition of "AS-IS"and for minor non-conformances is retained by the Government. The contractor shall submit the appropriate request for Variance via the DCMC to the NAVSUP Contracting Officer. RESPONSIBILITY FOR COMPLIANCE: All items must meet all requirements of this Statement of Work. The inspection requirements set forth in this SOW shall become part of the contractors overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements in the SOW shall not relieve the contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all Government equipment submitted for acceptance comply with all requirements. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective items, either indicated or actual, nor does it commit the procuring activity to acceptance of any defective items. REPAIR ASSESSMENT TESTING: The Government may select samples of the Contract Line Items (CLINS) which have completed repair and have been accepted by the Government representative for the purpose of conducting performance testing, environmental testing, and quality conformance examination in a repair assessment test program. A quantity of CLIN's may be randomly selected from each quaterly repair production completion for shipment to the CFA or other Government designated location to conduct this testing. RECORDS OF DATA COLLECTION: The contractor shall maintain a historical record file to contain copies of applicable data and documents for individual CLIN's and assemblies by CLIN serial number. The historical record file shall include,but not be limited to the following types of historical records: Receipt inspection documentation. Repair shop travelers or repair cards. Parts replacement records. Parts inspection data before and after repair as applicable. Acceptance test data. QA personnel shall maintain a complete receipt inspection,test, repair re-test, history card for each item processed. This information shall be made available to the Government upon request. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2157370865
  - Email: NASEEM.AOUN@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/527cb83e0a1e4ebcb4dc12ce3b6bb353/view)