---
layout: default
title: HARB Grounds Maintenance Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 6e5e65f6878145eb882efe46cb91568a
---

# HARB Grounds Maintenance Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 14:37:05.113-04
- Solicitation Number: FA664826Q0002

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for RFO Part 12 – Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Contracting Office Address Department of the Air Force, Air Force Reserve Command, Homestead (ARB) Installation Operational Contracting Division, Homestead ARB, FL. Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation in accordance with RFO Part 12 – Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation (paper copy) will not be issued. Further, Offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of amendments (if any) or other information pertaining to this solicitation. Solicitation FA6648-26-Q-0002 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). Please provide the full solicitation number on all packages* Interested parties who believe they can meet all the requirements for the items described in this synopsis are invited to submit, in writing, a complete quote. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses for commercial products and commercial services are those in effect through Revolutionary Far Overhaul (RFO). This procurement is being issued as a 100% Competitive 8(a) Set Aside under NAICS code 561730 – Landscaping Services with a size standard of $8.5 million dollars. Homestead Air Reserve Base, Homestead, FL, has a requirement for grounds maintenance services across the base located in Homestead FL, Miami-Dade County. The Contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, vehicles, supervision, containers necessary to perform the landscaping services as outlined in attachment 1 – HARB Grounds Maintenance (PWS) 20260330. The anticipated period of performance (PoP) shall consist of a base year plus four (4) option years. The anticipated performance periods for the base year and options are as follows: Base Year 23 May 2026 – 22 May 2027 Option Year 1 23 May 2027 – 22 May 2028 Option Year 2 23 May 2028 – 22 May 2029 Option Year 3 23 May 2029 – 22 May 2030 Option Year 4 23 May 2030 – 22 May 2031 *The government accepts the very real possibility that the short turnaround of this acquisition may result in a lapse in service between the current contract end date and the new contract performance start date. As part of their technical proposals, offerors will need to affirm they can mobilize and begin on-site performance no later than 7 calendar days after award. CLIN Structure: A full per year CLIN Structure breakdown can be found in Solicitation FA664826Q0002 HARB Grounds Maintenance (MODEL Contract) and Attachment 6 – Schedule of Items Please review this solicitation in its entirety including all solicitation attachments provided herein and submit an offer for the requested services as outlined in the PWS (Attachment 1). Offerors shall submit their firm fixed-price quote using the attached Schedule of Items (Attachment 6). SITE VISIT: A site visit for this requirement has been deemed necessary and is scheduled for 5 May 2026. Attendance of the site visit is STRONGLY encouraged. Site visit instructions will be sent via email to confirmed attendees. Interested offerors MUST RSVP not later than 30 April 2026 @ 2:00 PM EST. Confirmed offerors will receive an calendar invite with site visit date/time and a map with directions to the site visit location. All interested offerors who wish to attend the site visit are required to register by emailing a completed base access request (Attachment 7) to Sandy Guite at sandy.guite@us.af.mil no later than 2:00pm EST Thursday April 30, 2026. Should you desire to submit the form securely please email a request for DoDSafe link and a link for submission will be sent. DOD Safe submission of completed base pass request must be received by 2:00pm EDT Thursday April 30, 2026, to ensure timely submission and processing of base access for the Site Visit. Late registration will not be allowed. There shall be no more than two (2) registered parties per contractor. On the date of the site visit please plan to arrive 30 mins early to obtain visitors pass. Additional site visit details will be emailed to confirmed participants via email. **EVEN IF YOU CAN ACCESS THE BASE (i.e. retired military ID) YOU MUST CONFIRM ATTENDANCE WITH THE CONTRACTING OFFICE** Please prepare and submit as many questions as possible in advance of attendance to the site visit, as this will aid the Government in developing responses. The Government will summarize the questions and answers (Q&A) provided before and during the site visit and post the Q&A summary to sam.gov by COB Friday May 8, 2026. Requests for Information (RFIs) will be accepted at any time during the proposal preparation period; however, a HARD DEADLINE for receipt of RFI’s has been scheduled for 2:00PM EST 6 May 2026, and any RFI’s received after this time will not be answered. RFIs submitted before the deadline will receive a response from the Government no later than COB 8 May 2026. RFI Q&As will be summarized and provided to potential offerors via solicitation modification to the RFQ request on Sam.gov. It is the Offeror’s responsibility to be familiar with applicable provisions and clauses. See https://acquisition.gov/far-overhaul for the full text of all provisions and clauses incorporated by reference herein. Special Instructions. All offerors shall meet the requirements of the Request For Quote (RFQ) identified in RFO 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 addenda’s. Failure to do so will be at the Offeror’s own risk. The Government shall not pay any Offeror for any cost or expenses associated with the preparation of their quote. The offeror must follow the instructions contained herein to assure timely and equitable evaluation of the offer. Offerors are required to be fully responsive to and consistent with all of the solicitation requirements using the attached Schedule of Items (Attachment 6). Failure to meet a requirement may result in an offer being ineligible for award. Offerors must clearly identify any exception to the solicitation terms and conditions and provide complete accompanying rationale. Email Format: The subject line of all emails that comprise the proposal shall be formatted as follows: Subject: FA6648-26-Q-0002/Company Name/Email X of X (insert number of the email and total number of emails) System for Award Management. In order for an Offeror to be considered for award, the Offeror must be registered in System for Management Award (SAM). Visit the SAM website at https://www.sam.gov for further information. If you are not registered, and active, you cannot receive an award. The provision at RFO 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2026-O0038) (Feb 2026), applies to this acquisition. Addenda to the following paragraphs of RFO 52.212-1 are: (a) Submission of offers. Electronic Submission of offers is required. Offers shall be submitted via email to the following: Sandy Guité, sandy.guite@us.af.mil not later than 4:00 PM, (EST) 14 May 2026. Offerors shall submit a clear and complete quote and include only information that is relevant to this notice. Each quote package will be reviewed for consistency, conformance, and completeness to instructions provided in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors. In addition, the following Contractor information shall be included with your quote: SAM UEI Number: CAGE Code: Contractor Name: Point of Contract and Phone Number: Email Address: Representations/Certifications: Utilizing the provision in the attached model contract or completed electronically at sam.gov; Offerors shall complete the necessary fill-ins, annual representations and certifications as set forth in the solicitation. Acknowledgement of Solicitation Amendments. The Government reserves the right to revise or amend the solicitation and attachments prior to the offer closing time. Such amendments will be issued electronically and posted to sam.gov. In such cases, the amendment will include an announcement of the new closing date and time (if applicable). The Offeror shall acknowledge all amendments issued by completing and initializing the section titled Acknowledgment of Amendments located in Attachment 6 – Schedule of Items on the Base Year Tab. Offerors shall identify and explain any exception, deviation, or assumption to the solicitation terms and conditions and provide accompanying rationale. Offerors are cautioned that it is not the Government’s intent to incorporate the Offeror’s proposal in the resulting award. Offers that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration, Discrepancies. If an Offeror believes that the requirements in these instructions contain an error, omission, or are otherwise unsound, the Offeror shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer in writing with supporting rationale as well as the remedies the Offeror is asking the Contracting Officer to consider as related to the omission or error. The Offeror is reminded that the Government reserves the right to award this effort based on the initial proposal, as received, without discussion. Invoicing: Note that the clause at 252.232-7003 is included in this solicitation. DoD requires all payment requests (with a few exceptions) to be submitted and processed electronically. All vendors/contractors must familiarize themselves with this clause and R-DFAR 232.7003 for specific procedures. The DoD preferred electronic form for transmission is Wide Area Workflow – Receipt and Acceptance (see website – https://wawf.eb.mil). Wide Area Workflow Training may be accessed online at http://www.wawftraining.com. Please confirm in your proposal that your company is able to submit electronic invoices as set forth in the clause. Price Proposal: Offerors shall use the Blank Schedule of Items (Attachment 6) to submit pricing for their firm fixed-price proposal base plus 4 option years. Technical Proposal: All offerors must provide a technical proposal detailing the following at a minimum: Detailed explanation of the offeror’s ability to perform the required services. A simple statement of capabilities will not suffice. The offeror must address how they will accomplish the requirements of the statement of work (SOW). Detailed explanation of any requirement listed in the SOW that cannot be successfully accomplished by the offeror. Offerors are advised that the contracting officer intends to award without discussions so any exceptions may cause the quotation to be found technically unacceptable. A completed Mission Essential Plan must be included with technical quote package. Offerors may utilize the Attachment 4 – Template Mission Essential Services Plan by completing all fill-in sections of the template plan. Provide a list of all key personnel to be used on the project (including sub-contractors on the project) and their qualifications. Include the size of your current workforce. Assertion that if award is made to your organization, you will be able to mobilize and begin performance within 7 calendar days of award. 12. Past Performance: Provide a list of 2-4 similar projects (in scope and magnitude) completed by your firm over the past three years. Include a brief description of the project, dollar amount, year completed, and project owner contact information (name, phone, and email). 13. Completed and Signed 1449: Contractor must include contractor information in section 17a (Company Name, Address, POC Information, Cage Code) and print/sign/date 30 (a-c) of first page of SF 1449 (Model Contract Attachment) (b) Period for acceptance of offer: Offeror agrees to hold prices for 60 calendar days from proposal due date. (c) Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a firm fixed- price contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best term. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. The provision at RFO 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2026-O0038) (Feb 2026) applies. Addenda to the following paragraphs of RFO 52.212-2 are: (a) Evaluation Factors: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. This acquisition will utilize a performance-price tradeoff (PPT), where Past Performance is significantly more important than price. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical: Technical acceptability will be evaluated to receive an overall rating of “acceptable” or “unacceptable.” This will be based on the offeror's ability to provide a sound and compliant approach that meets all requirements in accordance with the attachment 1 performance work statement and shows a thorough understanding of them. It is the contractor's responsibility to ensure their quotation clearly demonstrates their capability to meet these requirements. Mission Essential Plan must be included with quote package, failure to include the complete mission essential plan or to provide enough information will result in a determination of quote being unresponsive to the solicitation and be ineligible for further consideration for award. The Program Manager will evaluate technical proposals and contractor provided mission essential plan to determine technical acceptability. It is a pass/fail basis. If a quote fails, it will be determined to be “unacceptable.” Price: The offeror shall provide pricing as requested in Attachment 6 Schedule of items. Total price evaluation will be for the base period and all option periods. Failure to propose pricing for the base period and all option periods on individual line items may result in a quotation being excluded from further consideration. The offeror’s quotation will be evaluated in accordance with RFO 12.204, to determine if it is fair and reasonable. Past Performance: The Government may utilize any references provided by the Contractor, along with information available from past contracts/orders with the Dept of War and any information found using sources such as Federal Government sources (i.e. sam.gov) or the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) to determine if the Contractor has acceptable or neutral Past Performance. Past Performance will be evaluated using the following rating system: Acceptable: The contractor shows a demonstrated ability to meet contract requirements in prior or current contracts, including quality of work, timeliness, cost control, business relations, and adherence to contract term. Neutral: Offeror does not have a past performance record. Unacceptable: The contractor has a documented history of failing to meet contract requirements, including poor quality, missed deadlines, cost overruns, lack of responsiveness, or unethical behavior. In order to be found acceptable for past performance, past performance information included with the quote package (or independent government research) must demonstrate a reasonable expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort or the offeror’s performance records is unknown and therefore rated as neutral. If based on the offeror’s performance record, the Government does not have a reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort an unacceptable rating will be assigned. In the context of acceptability/unacceptability, a neutral rating shall be considered acceptable. In the context of a past performance trade-off an acceptable rating will be evaluated more favorably than a neutral rating. The evaluation process shall proceed as follows: Step 1: All quote packages that are determined timely and determined to be consistent with, conform to, and to be complete in accordance with the instructions provided in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors will be ranked from lowest to highest total evaluated price (TEP). The three (3) quotes with the lowest TEPs will proceed to step 2. Step 2: The three (3) quote packages with the lowest TEPs will be evaluated for technical capability on an “Acceptable” or “Unacceptable” basis and the TEP will be evaluated for completeness, fairness and reasonableness, balance, and realism (The Government reserves the right, but is not obligated, to conduct a price realism analysis on any quote(s) that the Government deems appropriate.) Of the three (3) quote packages, only the package(s) that receive an “Acceptable” technical rating and is determined to be complete, fair and reasonable, balanced, and realistic (The Government reserves the right, but is not obligated, to conduct a price realism analysis on any proposal(s) that the Government deems appropriate.) will proceed to Step 3. Step 3: Of the quote package(s) that proceed to Step 3, only the package with the lowest TEP will be evaluated for past performance. If the proposal with the lowest TEP receives a "Acceptable" past performance assessment rating, a recommendation will be made to award to that offeror. If the proposal with the lowest TEP does not receive an "Acceptable" past performance assessment rating, the other two (2) packages in Step 3 will receive a past performance evaluation. If one (1) or both of the two (2) packages receive an “Acceptable” rating, the evaluation stops, and these offerors will proceed to Step 4. If none of the three (3) lowest TEP quote packages receive an “Acceptable” rating, Steps 1 and 2 will be reopened and the remaining proposals will be evaluated starting with the next lowest TEP until one (1) quote package receives an “Acceptable” past performance assessment rating or if none receive an “Acceptable” rating until all the proposals are evaluated. In this case all Step 3 evaluated quote packages will proceed to Step 4. Step 4: The Government, at its discretion, may conduct discussions with those offerors inside Step 4 or will make a best value decision in accordance with the evaluation criteria established in the RFQ. Only one (1) award will be made under this solicitation. The government will evaluate the quote package(s) in step 4 and a tradeoff decision will be made between past performance and price, where past performance is significantly more important than price. The evaluation may result in an award being made to a higher past performance rated, higher priced, technically acceptable offeror, whereby the decision to award is consistent with the evaluation factors and the government reasonably determines that the higher past performance rating of the higher priced offeror outweighs the price difference. The Government will not award a contract to an offeror that receives a Performance Assessment rating of “unacceptable.” While the Government will strive for maximum objectivity, the tradeoff process, by its nature, is subjective; therefore, professional judgment is implicit throughout the selection process. The offeror is reminded that the Government will only evaluate one (1) proposal from each offeror. An award will be made to the responsible offeror whose proposal conforms to all required terms and conditions, which includes all required representations and certifications, meets all requirements set forth in the RFQ, and provides the best value to the Government based on the results of the evaluation as described above. (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Proposal Submission Information: Quote Packages to include all items identified in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors are due by 14 May 2026 at 2:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST). Offers must be sent to the Contracting Officer, Sandy Guité, at sandy.guite@us.af.mil prior to the closing date via electronic mail. Please note the maximum file size we can receive is 20MB from external sources; emails over this file size will not be received. If your quote package is larger than 20MB you will need to submit using DoDSAFE procedures. To request a DoDSAFE link be sent to you please email the contracting officer at least 2 business days prior to closing of the solicitation to request a link be sent to you. List of Attachments: Attachment 1 – HARB Grounds Maintenance (PWS) 20260330 Attachment 2 – Appendix B – Grounds Maintenance Attachment 3 – Wage Determination SCA2015-4543 (12-3-2025) Attachment 4 – Template Mission Essential Services Plan Attachment 5 – DAF Regulation IAW Policy Memo 26-C-13 Attachment 6 – Schedule of Items Attachment 7 – Blank Base Access Request Form

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sandy Guite
  - Email: sandy.guite@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7864157406

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – HARB Grounds Maintenance (PWS) 20260330. The anticipated period of performance (PoP) shall consist of a base year plus four (4) option years. The anticipated performance periods for the base year and options are as follows: Base Year 23 May 2026 – 22 May 2027 Option Year 1 23 May 2027 – 22 May 2028 Option Year 2 23 May 2028 – 22 May 2029 Option Year 3 23 May 2029 – 22 May 2030 Option Year 4 23 May 2030 – 22 May 2031 *The government accepts the very real possibility that the short turnaround of this acquisition may result in a lapse in service between the current contract end date and the new contract performance start date. As part of their technical proposals, offerors will need to affirm they can mobilize and begin on-site performance no later than 7 calendar days after award. CLIN Structure: A full per year CLIN Structure breakdown can be found in Solicitation FA664826Q0002 HARB Grounds Maintenance (MODEL Contract) and Attachment 6 – Schedule of Items Please review this solicitation in its entirety including all solicitation attachments provided herein and submit an offer for the requested services as outlined in the PWS (Attachment 1). Offerors shall submit their firm fixed-price quote using the attached Schedule of Items (Attachment 6). SITE VISIT: A site visit for this requirement has been deemed necessary and is scheduled for 5 May 2026. Attendance of the site visit is STRONGLY encouraged. Site visit instructions will be sent via email to confirmed attendees. Interested offerors MUST RSVP not later than 30 April 2026 @ 2:00 PM EST. Confirmed offerors will receive an calendar invite with site visit date/time and a map with directions to the site visit location. All interested offerors who wish to attend the site visit are required to register by emailing a completed base access request (Attachment 7) to Sandy Guite at sandy.guite@us.af.mil no later than 2:00pm EST Thursday April 30, 2026. Should you desire to submit the form securely please email a request for DoDSafe link and a link for submission will be sent. DOD Safe submission of completed base pass request must be received by 2:00pm EDT Thursday April 30, 2026, to ensure timely submission and processing of base access for the Site Visit. Late registration will not be allowed. There shall be no more than two (2) registered parties per contractor. On the date of the site visit please plan to arrive 30 mins early to obtain visitors pass. Additional site visit details will be emailed to confirmed participants via email. **EVEN IF YOU CAN ACCESS THE BASE (i.e. retired military ID) YOU MUST CONFIRM ATTENDANCE WITH THE CONTRACTING OFFICE** Please prepare and submit as many questions as possible in advance of attendance to the site visit, as this will aid the Government in developing responses. The Government will summarize the questions and answers (Q&A) provided before and during the site visit and post the Q&A summary to sam.gov by COB Friday May 8, 2026. Requests for Information (RFIs) will be accepted at any time during the proposal preparation period; however, a HARD DEADLINE for receipt of RFI’s has been scheduled for 2:00PM EST 6 May 2026, and any RFI’s received after this time will not be answered. RFIs submitted before the deadline will receive a response from the Government no later than COB 8 May 2026. RFI Q&As will be summarized and provided to potential offerors via solicitation modification to the RFQ request on Sam.gov. It is the Offeror’s responsibility to be familiar with applicable provisions and clauses. See https://acquisition.gov/far-overhaul for the full text of all provisions and clauses incorporated by reference herein. Special Instructions. All offerors shall meet the requirements of the Request For Quote (RFQ) identified in RFO 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 addenda’s. Failure to do so will be at the Offeror’s own risk. The Government shall not pay any Offeror for any cost or expenses associated with the preparation of their quote. The offeror must follow the instructions contained herein to assure timely and equitable evaluation of the offer. Offerors are required to be fully responsive to and consistent with all of the solicitation requirements using the attached Schedule of Items (Attachment 6). Failure to meet a requirement may result in an offer being ineligible for award. Offerors must clearly identify any exception to the solicitation terms and conditions and provide complete accompanying rationale. Email Format: The subject line of all emails that comprise the proposal shall be formatted as follows: Subject: FA6648-26-Q-0002/Company Name/Email X of X (insert number of the email and total number of emails) System for Award Management. In order for an Offeror to be considered for award, the Offeror must be registered in System for Management Award (SAM). Visit the SAM website at https://www.sam.gov for further information. If you are not registered, and active, you cannot receive an award. The provision at RFO 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2026-O0038) (Feb 2026), applies to this acquisition. Addenda to the following paragraphs of RFO 52.212-1 are: (a) Submission of offers. Electronic Submission of offers is required. Offers shall be submitted via email to the following: Sandy Guité, sandy.guite@us.af.mil not later than 4:00 PM, (EST) 14 May 2026. Offerors shall submit a clear and complete quote and include only information that is relevant to this notice. Each quote package will be reviewed for consistency, conformance, and completeness to instructions provided in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors. In addition, the following Contractor information shall be included with your quote: SAM UEI Number: CAGE Code: Contractor Name: Point of Contract and Phone Number: Email Address: Representations/Certifications: Utilizing the provision in the attached model contract or completed electronically at sam.gov; Offerors shall complete the necessary fill-ins, annual representations and certifications as set forth in the solicitation. Acknowledgement of Solicitation Amendments. The Government reserves the right to revise or amend the solicitation and attachments prior to the offer closing time. Such amendments will be issued electronically and posted to sam.gov. In such cases, the amendment will include an announcement of the new closing date and time (if applicable). The Offeror shall acknowledge all amendments issued by completing and initializing the section titled Acknowledgment of Amendments located in Attachment 6 – Schedule of Items on the Base Year Tab. Offerors shall identify and explain any exception, deviation, or assumption to the solicitation terms and conditions and provide accompanying rationale. Offerors are cautioned that it is not the Government’s intent to incorporate the Offeror’s proposal in the resulting award. Offers that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration, Discrepancies. If an Offeror believes that the requirements in these instructions contain an error, omission, or are otherwise unsound, the Offeror shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer in writing with supporting rationale as well as the remedies the Offeror is asking the Contracting Officer to consider as related to the omission or error. The Offeror is reminded that the Government reserves the right to award this effort based on the initial proposal, as received, without discussion. Invoicing: Note that the clause at 252.232-7003 is included in this solicitation. DoD requires all payment requests (with a few exceptions) to be submitted and processed electronically. All vendors/contractors must familiarize themselves with this clause and R-DFAR 232.7003 for specific procedures. The DoD preferred electronic form for transmission is Wide Area Workflow – Receipt and Acceptance (see website – https://wawf.eb.mil). Wide Area Workflow Training may be accessed online at http://www.wawftraining.com. Please confirm in your proposal that your company is able to submit electronic invoices as set forth in the clause. Price Proposal: Offerors shall use the Blank Schedule of Items (Attachment 6) to submit pricing for their firm fixed-price proposal base plus 4 option years. Technical Proposal: All offerors must provide a technical proposal detailing the following at a minimum: Detailed explanation of the offeror’s ability to perform the required services. A simple statement of capabilities will not suffice. The offeror must address how they will accomplish the requirements of the statement of work (SOW). Detailed explanation of any requirement listed in the SOW that cannot be successfully accomplished by the offeror. Offerors are advised that the contracting officer intends to award without discussions so any exceptions may cause the quotation to be found technically unacceptable. A completed Mission Essential Plan must be included with technical quote package. Offerors may utilize the Attachment 4 – Template Mission Essential Services Plan by completing all fill-in sections of the template plan. Provide a list of all key personnel to be used on the project (including sub-contractors on the project) and their qualifications. Include the size of your current workforce. Assertion that if award is made to your organization, you will be able to mobilize and begin performance within 7 calendar days of award. 12. Past Performance: Provide a list of 2-4 similar projects (in scope and magnitude) completed by your firm over the past three years. Include a brief description of the project, dollar amount, year completed, and project owner contact information (name, phone, and email). 13. Completed and Signed 1449: Contractor must include contractor information in section 17a (Company Name, Address, POC Information, Cage Code) and print/sign/date 30 (a-c) of first page of SF 1449 (Model Contract Attachment) (b) Period for acceptance of offer: Offeror agrees to hold prices for 60 calendar days from proposal due date. (c) Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a firm fixed- price contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best term. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. The provision at RFO 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2026-O0038) (Feb 2026) applies. Addenda to the following paragraphs of RFO 52.212-2 are: (a) Evaluation Factors: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. This acquisition will utilize a performance-price tradeoff (PPT), where Past Performance is significantly more important than price. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical: Technical acceptability will be evaluated to receive an overall rating of “acceptable” or “unacceptable.” This will be based on the offeror"s ability to provide a sound and compliant approach that meets all requirements in accordance with the attachment 1 performance work statement and shows a thorough understanding of them. It is the contractor"s responsibility to ensure their quotation clearly demonstrates their capability to meet these requirements. Mission Essential Plan must be included with quote package, failure to include the complete mission essential plan or to provide enough information will result in a determination of quote being unresponsive to the solicitation and be ineligible for further consideration for award. The Program Manager will evaluate technical proposals and contractor provided mission essential plan to determine technical acceptability. It is a pass/fail basis. If a quote fails, it will be determined to be “unacceptable.” Price: The offeror shall provide pricing as requested in Attachment 6 Schedule of items. Total price evaluation will be for the base period and all option periods. Failure to propose pricing for the base period and all option periods on individual line items may result in a quotation being excluded from further consideration. The offeror’s quotation will be evaluated in accordance with RFO 12.204, to determine if it is fair and reasonable. Past Performance: The Government may utilize any references provided by the Contractor, along with information available from past contracts/orders with the Dept of War and any information found using sources such as Federal Government sources (i.e. sam.gov) or the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) to determine if the Contractor has acceptable or neutral Past Performance. Past Performance will be evaluated using the following rating system: Acceptable: The contractor shows a demonstrated ability to meet contract requirements in prior or current contracts, including quality of work, timeliness, cost control, business relations, and adherence to contract term. Neutral: Offeror does not have a past performance record. Unacceptable: The contractor has a documented history of failing to meet contract requirements, including poor quality, missed deadlines, cost overruns, lack of responsiveness, or unethical behavior. In order to be found acceptable for past performance, past performance information included with the quote package (or independent government research) must demonstrate a reasonable expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort or the offeror’s performance records is unknown and therefore rated as neutral. If based on the offeror’s performance record, the Government does not have a reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort an unacceptable rating will be assigned. In the context of acceptability/unacceptability, a neutral rating shall be considered acceptable. In the context of a past performance trade-off an acceptable rating will be evaluated more favorably than a neutral rating. The evaluation process shall proceed as follows: Step 1: All quote packages that are determined timely and determined to be consistent with, conform to, and to be complete in accordance with the instructions provided in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors will be ranked from lowest to highest total evaluated price (TEP). The three (3) quotes with the lowest TEPs will proceed to step 2. Step 2: The three (3) quote packages with the lowest TEPs will be evaluated for technical capability on an “Acceptable” or “Unacceptable” basis and the TEP will be evaluated for completeness, fairness and reasonableness, balance, and realism (The Government reserves the right, but is not obligated, to conduct a price realism analysis on any quote(s) that the Government deems appropriate.) Of the three (3) quote packages, only the package(s) that receive an “Acceptable” technical rating and is determined to be complete, fair and reasonable, balanced, and realistic (The Government reserves the right, but is not obligated, to conduct a price realism analysis on any proposal(s) that the Government deems appropriate.) will proceed to Step 3. Step 3: Of the quote package(s) that proceed to Step 3, only the package with the lowest TEP will be evaluated for past performance. If the proposal with the lowest TEP receives a "Acceptable" past performance assessment rating, a recommendation will be made to award to that offeror. If the proposal with the lowest TEP does not receive an "Acceptable" past performance assessment rating, the other two (2) packages in Step 3 will receive a past performance evaluation. If one (1) or both of the two (2) packages receive an “Acceptable” rating, the evaluation stops, and these offerors will proceed to Step 4. If none of the three (3) lowest TEP quote packages receive an “Acceptable” rating, Steps 1 and 2 will be reopened and the remaining proposals will be evaluated starting with the next lowest TEP until one (1) quote package receives an “Acceptable” past performance assessment rating or if none receive an “Acceptable” rating until all the proposals are evaluated. In this case all Step 3 evaluated quote packages will proceed to Step 4. Step 4: The Government, at its discretion, may conduct discussions with those offerors inside Step 4 or will make a best value decision in accordance with the evaluation criteria established in the RFQ. Only one (1) award will be made under this solicitation. The government will evaluate the quote package(s) in step 4 and a tradeoff decision will be made between past performance and price, where past performance is significantly more important than price. The evaluation may result in an award being made to a higher past performance rated, higher priced, technically acceptable offeror, whereby the decision to award is consistent with the evaluation factors and the government reasonably determines that the higher past performance rating of the higher priced offeror outweighs the price difference. The Government will not award a contract to an offeror that receives a Performance Assessment rating of “unacceptable.” While the Government will strive for maximum objectivity, the tradeoff process, by its nature, is subjective; therefore, professional judgment is implicit throughout the selection process. The offeror is reminded that the Government will only evaluate one (1) proposal from each offeror. An award will be made to the responsible offeror whose proposal conforms to all required terms and conditions, which includes all required representations and certifications, meets all requirements set forth in the RFQ, and provides the best value to the Government based on the results of the evaluation as described above. (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Proposal Submission Information: Quote Packages to include all items identified in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors are due by 14 May 2026 at 2:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST). Offers must be sent to the Contracting Officer, Sandy Guité, at sandy.guite@us.af.mil prior to the closing date via electronic mail. Please note the maximum file size we can receive is 20MB from external sources; emails over this file size will not be received. If your quote package is larger than 20MB you will need to submit using DoDSAFE procedures. To request a DoDSAFE link be sent to you please email the contracting officer at least 2 business days prior to closing of the solicitation to request a link be sent to you. List of Attachments: Attachment 1 – HARB Grounds Maintenance (PWS) 20260330 Attachment 2 – Appendix B – Grounds Maintenance Attachment 3 – Wage Determination SCA2015-4543 (12-3-2025) Attachment 4 – Template Mission Essential Services Plan Attachment 5 – DAF Regulation IAW Policy Memo 26-C-13 Attachment 6 – Schedule of Items Attachment 7 – Blank Base Access Request Form

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6e5e65f6878145eb882efe46cb91568a/view)