---
layout: default
title: Z1DZ--693-20-102 | Construct Chiller Plant (VA-25-00072403)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: b2bbb5fd500946cd88de2d3bef24e5c8
---

# Z1DZ--693-20-102 | Construct Chiller Plant (VA-25-00072403)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 07:22:01.352-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426B0002
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SCOPE OF WORK Construct New Chiller Plant Project # 693-20-120 May 2025 General: The scope of work shall generally consist of providing all labor, materials, tools, equipment, permits, testing, and reports required to install a new chiller plant located at the Wilkes Barre VA (VAMC), as generally described in this scope of work, but detailed in drawing set titled: CONSTRUCT CHILLER PLANT. VAMC WILKES-BARRE PENNSYLVANIA, USA, PROJECT #: 693-20-120. The project outcome will be a new Chiller Plant at the WBVA campus. The Construct Chiller Plant project is a multi-phase project. Key elements include, but not limited to: construction of a building addition, three chillers, cooling towers, backup diesel generators with fuel storage, relocation of bulk oxygen tank, and parking realignment/site access in area associated with new plant and utility support systems. All construction work shall be provided in accordance as defined by the drawings and specifications, all applicable Federal, State and Local Codes as well as applicable standards, reference publications, and code requirements contained within the VA Master Specifications. In the event of a discrepancy, the VA Master Specifications shall take precedence. Prior to the start of work the contractor shall visit the site to familiarize themselves with the location and extent of the work. The contractor shall submit shop drawings of all proposed materials and equipment for review and approval by the VA. Submittals shall include product data and other applicable information required as described in the VA Master Specifications. The VA Master Specifications shall be utilized as the minimum basis of design for all new materials and equipment specified for this work unless noted otherwise on the drawings. No work shall begin until all submittals have been reviewed and approved by the VA. Only new materials and equipment shall be installed in the work. All materials and equipment shall be of the current manufacturer s products. No obsolete or discontinued materials and equipment shall be provided. Contractor shall provide all design and construction project management, administration, project superintendence, supervision, and construction trades work. All work shall be coordinated through the designated Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Infection Control All work for this project will be performed in accordance with the VA Wilkes-Barre s Infection Control Practices for Construction (Reference attachment: Infection Control Construction Project Compliance Policy (11IC-10-897). All materials, equipment and labor associated with the Infection Control Requirements required by the VA Infection Control Practitioner shall be provided by the contractor. The interior construction work is anticipated to require Class I precautions. The contractor, Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) and the Infection Control Practitioner shall meet to discuss the work activities within the areas of work immediately prior to mobilization and the start of construction. Final classification of the infection control requirements will be at the sole discretion and direction of the Infection Control Practitioner. In addition to the protection of all workers, staff, patients, etc. the contractor shall minimize the amount of dust and exhaust fumes generated during exterior construction as this is critical to prevent contamination of supply air intakes of the building HVAC systems. Scheduling A construction schedule shall be submitted for approval prior to the start of work and within 180 days after the notice to proceed. All schedule items will show a start date and a completion date. The schedule will include specific tasks with dates for each step of the process. Schedule shall include a comprehensive list of all intended tasks, dates, and overall project order. Work shall be performed during normal business hours 8:00AM to 4:30PM Monday to Friday excluding federal holidays except as required by facility impact and utility shutdowns. Any work determined by the facility as having an impact on the operations of the facility shall be conducted on an after-hours schedule. Specific tasks and phases that include, but not limited to utility tie-ins, utility shutdowns, patient care areas, any excessive noise coming from the project that is disrupting patient care, sterile areas, etc. Utility shutdowns will be coordinated and scheduled with the COR two weeks in advance of the work. VA Lock Out/Tag Out policy will be implemented. Contractor shall provide a weekly schedule report to the COR. All work shall be completed within 600 calendar days from receipt of Notice to Proceed. Performance All contractors shall have a company identification badge displayed at all times while on site with their name and company identified. All contractors shall apply for a VA ID badge to work in the facility. All VA Police security requirements/site access shall be coordinated with the designated Contracting Officer s Representative. Laydown area(s) will be coordinated with the COR. Construction personnel vehicles shall park in the designated VA s contractor parking lot. The contractor shall follow good housekeeping practices and shall keep the work and surrounding areas clean and free of debris. Contractor shall thoroughly clean each area of work at the completion of each shift including all corridor areas leading to and affected by the work. The contractor shall contract for and provide third party commissioning service as part of government acceptance and testing of the chiller boiler plant. This project shall complete all interior and exterior work, installation, removal and relocation of equipment and commissioning as identified in the drawings and specifications. Safety Contractors shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local requirements regarding workers health and safety. The requirements include those found in federal and state Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) statutes and regulations. The project superintendent shall have the 30-Hour OSHA Construction Safety Course certification and all other construction personnel shall have the 10-Hour OSHA Construction Safety Course certification. Submit training records of all employees for approval prior to the start of work. In the performance of this contract, the Contractor shall take such safety precautions as necessary while operation in construction area. Contractor shall provide all necessary tools, equipment, labels, and Personal Protective Equipment to perform the work safety, effectively, and timely. Demolition Refer to the drawings for demolition. All work shall be performed in accordance with the plans and specifications. Contractor shall be responsible for removal and disposal of all demoed equipment and materials. Close Out The contractor shall also provide all close-out documents as per the requirements in FAR

4.804 Closeout of Contract Files including as-built drawings, manuals, and other relevant documents. The contractor shall be responsible to provide all testing and reports associated with the systems and materials installed under this contract. Brand Name: Contractor shall be required to provide the following Brand Name products which must be compatible with existing systems. All potential offers must propose the below products: Physical Security Access Control System (PACS) HID Global pivClass RPK40 To maintain the integrity and security of the hospital's critical operations, the VA requires access control equipment that is compatible with the existing access control system and licensed software (Software House). This compatibility ensures consistent operation and restricts access to key areas only to authorized personnel. This project necessitates the deployment of access control readers, wall switches with keypad contact less readers and associated hardware that supports the use of a personal identification number (PIN) entered via a keypad and transmitted directly to a panel or door controller (with PIN matching occurring at the panel, not on the card). Furthermore, the system must be approved under the VA Technical Reference Model. Video Surveillance Avigilon Video Surveillance Video cameras, fixed, PTZ and dome. The video surveillance system in the VA hospital must ensure the safety and security of patients, staff, visitors, and property by providing comprehensive coverage and high-resolution imaging. Key requirements include: Seamless integration with existing security infrastructure and other systems (access control, alarm systems). Complete monitoring of critical areas with high-definition cameras, including both fixed and PTZ cameras. Modern IP-based cameras with low-light functionality. Adequate on-site/cloud storage to retain footage per VA compliance requirements. Built-in redundancy and power backup for continuous operation. Compliance with federal, state, and VA-specific regulations, including the VA Technical Reference Model. These requirements ensure the reliability, efficiency, and security of the hospital's video surveillance system, enhancing overall safety and operational effectiveness. Door Hardware Yale - GG-Keyway mortise lockset with 6-pin interchangeable cores The VA requires mechanical door locks made of steel or brass, with keyable 6-pin, double-cylinder locking mechanisms. These locks must feature anti-pick, bump-resistant designs, reinforced strike plates, and meet ANSI/BHMA and UL safety certification standards. Fire Alarm System Johnson Controls - Notifier IFC-3030 Intelligent Addressable Fire Alarm System To maintain the integrity and safety of the hospital's critical operations, the VA requires fire alarm equipment that is compatible with the existing fire monitoring system. This compatibility ensures consistent operation and monitoring of the VA facility of any fire-based threat. Furthermore, the system must be approved under the VA Technical Reference Model. Facility Building Automation System Johnson Controls - Metasys Building Automation and HVAC Control System Description: The VA requires an integrated Building Automation System that allows for a single HVAC control system. Utilizing a single system to monitor and control all the Wilkes-Barre VA Medical Center facility HVAC systems allows for total system integration and efficient controls to maximize efficiency and comfort. THE ABOVE SCOPE IS INTENDED TO DESCRIBE THE PROJECT IN GENERAL AND IS NOT LIMITED TO THE AFOREMENTIONED. ALL WORK SHOWN ON THE DRAWINGS AND DESCRIBED IN THE SPECIFICATIONS SHALL FORM THE COMPLETE PROJECT.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephen L Gulotta
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: stephen.gulotta@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b2bbb5fd500946cd88de2d3bef24e5c8/view)