---
layout: default
title: J065--Vision Cart Utensil Washer
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3a551b571312429f892583b4d62ce15c
---

# J065--Vision Cart Utensil Washer

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 13:18:24.417-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0482
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 3 of 8 Special Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 8 DESCRIPTION Notice of Intent to Award as Sole Source: The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 8 (NCO 8) intends to award a Sole Source, Firm-Fixed Price contract to Steris Incorporated, for the procurement of Vision 1330L, Cart and Utensil Washer Disinfector 480V 60Hz electric heated Double power doors 3161 Chamber Model. It is the Government s belief that the proposed candidate is the sole source provider of a Vision 1330L, Cart and Utensil Washer Disinfector 480V 60Hz electric heated Double power doors 3161 Chamber Model. Currently, VISN 8 facility Sterilization Processing Station SPS Laborites use Vision Cart and Utensil Washer Disinfector 480V 60Hz electric heated Double power doors 3161 Chamber Mo, which ensures compatibility, reliability, and streamlined workflows. This announcement is being issued for information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation or request for competitive proposals. Responsible sources that oppose this decision may identify their interest by submitting their capability information and/or an OEM Authorization Letter by 1:00PM EST, on Wednesday April 1, 2026. Interested firms must indicate the following: 1.Â Name and address of company 2.Â Primary point of contact, including phone number and e-mail address 3. Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), if available 4. Applicable socioeconomic categories and any pertinent information, which demonstrates firm s ability to meet the requirement. 5. Experience. Brief descriptions of recent and relevant projects for tasks similar to those identified in paragraph one of this document. (1 page maximum) 6. Business size (the applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 334510 7. Product and Service Code: J046 A decision by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct competitive procurement. The Government will not be responsible for any costs associated with the preparation of responses to this notification. All inquiries and submittals must be sent via email to Timothy Felix, Contracting Specialist, at timothy.felix@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. This notice is NOT a formal request for quote or proposals. No formal solicitation document exists at this time. The information in this notice is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the government. Statement of Need PURPOSE: The purpose of this requirement is to ensure the reliable cleaning and disinfection of case carts used throughout the SPS Bay Pines campus by restoring dependable operational capability to the Cart Washer. The Cart Washer is essential for safely and effectively removing biological contaminants from carts that transport soiled and potentially bloody Reusable Medical Devices (RMD). Due to ongoing mechanical failures, the Cart Washer has been inoperable for more than 100 days within the past 12 months, forcing staff to manually disinfect case carts using Sani Wipes. This manual process is physically strenuous, significantly less effective than automated washing, and doubles the time required in Decontamination. These delays create workflow backlogs that can compromise timely RMD reprocessing and may result in delays or cancellations of surgical and clinical procedures. Restoring reliable Cart Washer functionality is therefore critical to maintaining safe infection control practices, supporting staff efficiency, and ensuring uninterrupted patient care operations. Base Only, Supplies, Firm Fixed Price contract. Period of Performance: TBD Place of Performance: Bay Pines VAMC 10000 Bay Pines Blvd. Building 24, Room 219 Bay Pines, FL., 33744 DESCRIPTION OF EQUIPMENT: Product Details Salient Characteristics *NAME BRAND OR EQUAL* Due to the available space that already exists the Cart and Utensil Washer/Disinfector must be able to fit the space available. The requirements needed for space available are the following dimensions: Size: Overall Dimensions 3048 x 2591 x 3416mm (120 x 102 x 134.5 ). Effective chamber load capacity 1016 x 2032 x 3000mm (40 x 80 x 118.1 ). Loading Height: Pit-mounted unit 0 . Floor mounted unit 171mm (6 3/4 ) above finished floor. Operating Weight: with cabinet, water, two heavy case carts 2846kg (7620 lb.). Without cabinet, with water and two heavy case carts 2846 (6275 lb.). For seismic reports, with cabinet, with water in reservoir and without case cart 3089 kg (6810 lb.). Utility Requirements for the size of machine needed: Air Â½ NPT. Ventilation 152mm (6 ) O.D. Drain maximum 203 x 152mm deep (8 x 6 ) floor sink with minimum 101mm (4 ) drain outlet. Air compressor 460 Volt, 60 Hz, 3-phase. Pure water Â¾ NPT. Hot water 1 pint. Cold water 1 NPT. Steam 1-1/2 NPT. Condensate return 1 NPT. Consumption: Hot water consumption per cycle 53 L (14 U.S gal). Steam consumption per cycle (with hot tap water heated at 140degreeF-60 degree C) 14kg (31 lb.). Data: Noise level must be no more than 65 dBa. Heat loss must be no more than 13,800 BTU/hr (4039 W). The Cart washer must come with the following features for proper disinfection: Spraying System: Each header contains 19 jets. Horizontal Sliding Doors: automatic, powered, side-sliding doors made of tempered glass panes for front and back of washer. Sensors to detect obstruction. Interior Lights: must have at least two energy efficient LED lights. Integral Self-Priming Automatic Chemical Dispenser: must have at least three peristaltic pumps with the potential of additional two pumps. Must have at least three reservoir options. Tube System: must be able to indicate when the detergent level in the container is low or when insufficient chemical is available for the next cycle. Wash Chamber: including base must be stainless steel. Removable Debris Screen: Screen located in chamber bottom to prevent large debris from entering piping system and pump. Treatment Staging Tanks: Must be equipped with an automatic solution level control and automatic hot water fill and safety overflowing piping. Tanks must be made of stainless steel and fully insulated with thick aluminum sheathed fiberglass to prevent heat loss and burn hazard. Bottom of tanks need to be sloped toward the water outlet. Each tank must come with an internal baffle that deflects solutions to the tank walls to ensure self-cleaning of the tank during the recirculation process. High-Pressure Pump: Pump impeller, shaft and casing must be of stainless-steel construction. The Pump motor should be enclosed with a fan cooled motor, electro-polished, magnetic starter, overload protection and sealed bearings for proper use. Drain Discharge Cool Down: must provide a cold-water connection for use with cold water selection and effluents cool down if sump or reservoir water temperature is higher than 60Â°C (140Â°F) while being discharged to building drain system. Control System, PC-Based to include the following: Operator Interface touch-sensitive color graphic display for ease of reading. Must display current cycle status, including current chamber temperature and remaining phase time. Identical information displayed on both ends of the unit. Impact printer is automatic and provides an easy-to-read record of all pertinent cycle data. Generated printout includes date, treatment type, cycle starting time and key cycle transition points. All cycle deviations should be indicated by visual and audible means, recorded by the printer and need acknowledgement by operator. Security access code must include access code to change cycles, cycle values and to enter service mode. Service mode must be accessible through main control panel for service and maintenance purposes. Preprogrammed parameters for each cycle. The control system must be able to alert operator with a reference message and halt further operation until the correct value is entered. USB Port must be supplied so cycle data is available in PDF format and accessible through Service Mode. Ethernet port must be available for remote monitoring and troubleshooting. Operator Modes must have at least three modes available Supervisor, Service and Cycle. Systems needed for proper use: No recirculated, vented drying system. Automatic floor tilting system. Heating system. Process data validation system. HEPA-filtered air drying (drying phase) system. Safety Features must include the following: Safety door switch. Obstruction sensor. Emergency stop pushbuttons. Emergency stop cables. On/off switch. Package must also include the following: Utensils, containers, and instrument racks for proper and even placement within the washer. Instrument cycle, Container cycle and descaling cycle. 1-year preventive care. Must come with the option of ConnectAssure technology and include preparing and configuring the data. Per VAAR 811.104 and 811.105, I certify the following regarding the above information: The salient characteristics listed above are essential to the Government s requirements. To my knowledge, the restrictions listed above will not limit the acquisition to an item peculiar to one manufacturer.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy Felix
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: timothy.felix@va.gov
  - Phone: 904-228-0645

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3a551b571312429f892583b4d62ce15c/view)