---
layout: default
title: 182D AW Regularly Schedule Drill (RSD) Lodging FY26 BPA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ee21d82ed1fc4105bd4f1459f2fc306e
---

# 182D AW Regularly Schedule Drill (RSD) Lodging FY26 BPA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 13:00:25.686-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S7T26QA002

## Summary

(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. All quotes provided shall be marked “Quote current until 30 September 2026.” This solicitation, W50S7T-26-Q-A002 is being issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for small business under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 721110, with a small business size standard of $40M. Product Service Code (PSC) is V231. The Government intends to award one (1) up to three (3) Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPAs) with monthly Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) orders (BPA Calls). Each awarded BPA shall be awarded with a five (5) year ordering period of 24 Apr 2026 to 23 Apr 2031. (start date dependent on award date) Each awarded BPA will share maximum BPA capacity of $349,000.00. (ii) Requirement Title: 182d Airlift Wing Regularly Schedule Drill (RSD) Lodging FY26 BPA (iii) Requirement Line Items: Line Item 0001 Single Occupancy Rooms, Unit of Issue: Each, Price: Line Item 0002 Double Occupancy Rooms, Unit of Issue: Each, Price: (iv) Dates and Locations: Vary by month and award of BPA; RSD schedule provided upon BPA award. Note: The Government is Tax Exempt with the exception of State Tax and Bed/Occupancy Tax (HOOT). Those additional taxes will be added to the room rate after award. The contractor may choose not to implement the HOOT tax if they are willing to not include it as part of the standardized rate. See Exhibit 1 for room and pricing submission. (v) Provisions/Clauses incorporated by reference: 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights. 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services. 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System. 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium. 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program. 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors. 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities. 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports. 252.232-7009 Mandatory Payment by Governmentwide Commercial Purchase Card. 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments. 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea. 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions. 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Representation. 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. 52.204-13 System for Award Management-Maintenance. (Deviation) 52.204-7 System for Award Management-Registration. (Deviation) 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations. (Deviation) 52.209-6 Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Deviation) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 52.217-2 Cancellation Under Multi-year Contracts. 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside. (Deviation) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies. (Deviation) 52.222-3 Convict Labor. (Deviation) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans. (Deviation) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (Deviation) 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans. (Deviation) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. (Deviation) (vi) Provisions & Clauses in Full Text (Refer to solicitation for full text): 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 52.219-28 Postaward Small Business Program Rerepresentation. (Deviation) 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions. 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 252.225-7000 Buy American--Balance of Payments Program Certificate. 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference. 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses. (vii) Responders shall include all documents and information requested submitted in accordance with the instructions therein. Quotations shall be submitted prior to the closing date and time listed below. All quotations shall be emailed to 1st Lt Nicholas Marzinzik at nicholas.marzinzik@us.af.mil and Mr. Jason Shallenberger at jason.shallenberger@us.af.mil. Quotations are due 24 Apr 2026 @ 12:00 PM CST. *Acceptance only via e-mail.* All questions shall be submitted by 17 April 2026 at 1600 CST. The government is not obligated to answer questions. The submission of the documentation specified below will constitute the quoter’s acceptance of the terms and conditions of the description of requirement in the RFQ. Questions should be posted by the due date listed above. It is the Government’s intention to award without discussion. Quoters are encouraged to present their best Quote and prices in their initial submission. The Government reserves the right to hold discussions. NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or other external forum. Contract award or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency’s Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG protest procedures. To be timely, the protests must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: National Guard Bureau Office of the Director of Acquisitions/ Head of Contracting Activity ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@mail.mil All other agency-level protests should be sent to the Contracting Officer for resolution at the address in the solicitation. See FAR clause 52.233-2. NG Public-facing, general Protest information is found at: https://www.nationalguard.mil/Leadership/Joint-Staff/Special-Staff/Director-of-Acquisitions/ Directorate of Acquisitions information for the contracting enterprise is found at: https://gko.portal.ng.mil/ngb/STAFF/D01/D01/OI/Protests%20and%20Complaints/Forms/AllItems.aspx (viii) Additional Information: Contractors who want to be considered for a BPA with the 182d Airlift Wing shall submit the following: Capabilities Statement: *Solicitation Number (RFQ #) *Contractor’s Name (Doing Business As (DBA) Name) *Address (Physical & Mailing) *Point of Contact (Name, Phone #, and Email Address) *Verification of SAM Registration and/or UEI/CAGE Code *Aptitude/Ability to meet all requirements of this solicitation defined in the Statement of Work (SOW) including the ability to block off rooms at or below the approved U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) Per Diem Rates. *Any discounts offered. *Remit to address if different than mailing address *Acknowledgement of any amendments. Exhibit 1 Pricing sheet that includes: *Contractor’s Name *Point of Contact (Name, Email, & Phone #) *Single & Double Occupancy Nightly Room Availability per RSD weekend *Nightly rate for each occupancy type *Allowable tax rates *Contractor Representative Signature *Contractor Representative Title Awarded BPAs shall be made to the responsible offeror(s), one (1) awarded BPA up to three (3) BPAs who provide the required documentation supporting they can successfully meet all of the requirements above AND pass an in-person quality surveillance inspection with no discrepancies. Awarded BPAs shall incorporate all Terms and Conditions defined in the solicitation. Offers that fail to furnish the required information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. NOTE: GOVERNMENT WILL NOT AWARD TO THIRD (3RD) PARTY ENTITIES. No third-party contracts shall be utilized. The offeror must be the owner, operator or authorized on-site manager of the lodging facility proposed under this solicitation. Offerors must demonstrate direct control over room inventory, reservation management, and guest services at the proposed facility. Third-party reservation services, travel agencies, online booking platforms, or lodging brokers that do not directly own, operate, or manage the lodging facility are not eligible to perform as the prime contractor under this requirement. The contractor must maintain the ability to directly confirm, modify, or cancel reservations and resolve lodging issues in real time with government personnel. Basis of Award: FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a BPA resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror(s), up to three (3), whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will utilize subjective comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: *Price *Technical Performance *Past Performance Price: The individual room rates shall not exceed the maximum allowable General Services Administration (GSA) Federal Travel Regulation per diem rates for Peoria, IL lodging which can be found at https://www.gsa.gov/travel/plan-book/per-diem-rates/. Room rates can be lower that the per diem rates found on the website. Technical Performance: The offeror shall clearly identify all criteria in their capabilities statement and any amenities above the minimum outlined in the Statement of Work (SOW). An evaluation will be conducted against the evaluation criteria and the offeror’s technical capabilities statement. Past Performance: Past Performance shall only be considered as a tie-breaker. (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: 1st Lt Nicholas Marzinzik
  - Email: nicholas.marzinzik@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3096336239
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jason Shallenberger
  - Email: jason.shallenberger@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3096335707

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for room and pricing submission. (v) Provisions/Clauses incorporated by reference: 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights. 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services. 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System. 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium. 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program. 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors. 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities. 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports. 252.232-7009 Mandatory Payment by Governmentwide Commercial Purchase Card. 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments. 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea. 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions. 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Representation. 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. 52.204-13 System for Award Management-Maintenance. (Deviation) 52.204-7 System for Award Management-Registration. (Deviation) 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations. (Deviation) 52.209-6 Protecting the Government"s Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Deviation) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 52.217-2 Cancellation Under Multi-year Contracts. 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside. (Deviation) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies. (Deviation) 52.222-3 Convict Labor. (Deviation) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans. (Deviation) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (Deviation) 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans. (Deviation) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. (Deviation) (vi) Provisions & Clauses in Full Text (Refer to solicitation for full text): 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 52.219-28 Postaward Small Business Program Rerepresentation. (Deviation) 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions. 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 252.225-7000 Buy American--Balance of Payments Program Certificate. 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference. 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses. (vii) Responders shall include all documents and information requested submitted in accordance with the instructions therein. Quotations shall be submitted prior to the closing date and time listed below. All quotations shall be emailed to 1st Lt Nicholas Marzinzik at nicholas.marzinzik@us.af.mil and Mr. Jason Shallenberger at jason.shallenberger@us.af.mil. Quotations are due 24 Apr 2026 @ 12:00 PM CST. *Acceptance only via e-mail.* All questions shall be submitted by 17 April 2026 at 1600 CST. The government is not obligated to answer questions. The submission of the documentation specified below will constitute the quoter’s acceptance of the terms and conditions of the description of requirement in the RFQ. Questions should be posted by the due date listed above. It is the Government’s intention to award without discussion. Quoters are encouraged to present their best Quote and prices in their initial submission. The Government reserves the right to hold discussions. NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or other external forum. Contract award or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency’s Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG protest procedures. To be timely, the protests must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: National Guard Bureau Office of the Director of Acquisitions/ Head of Contracting Activity ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@mail.mil All other agency-level protests should be sent to the Contracting Officer for resolution at the address in the solicitation. See FAR clause 52.233-2. NG Public-facing, general Protest information is found at: https://www.nationalguard.mil/Leadership/Joint-Staff/Special-Staff/Director-of-Acquisitions/ Directorate of Acquisitions information for the contracting enterprise is found at: https://gko.portal.ng.mil/ngb/STAFF/D01/D01/OI/Protests%20and%20Complaints/Forms/AllItems.aspx (viii) Additional Information: Contractors who want to be considered for a BPA with the 182d Airlift Wing shall submit the following: Capabilities Statement: *Solicitation Number (RFQ #) *Contractor’s Name (Doing Business As (DBA) Name) *Address (Physical & Mailing) *Point of Contact (Name, Phone #, and Email Address) *Verification of SAM Registration and/or UEI/CAGE Code *Aptitude/Ability to meet all requirements of this solicitation defined in the Statement of Work (SOW) including the ability to block off rooms at or below the approved U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) Per Diem Rates. *Any discounts offered. *Remit to address if different than mailing address *Acknowledgement of any amendments. Exhibit 1 Pricing sheet that includes: *Contractor’s Name *Point of Contact (Name, Email, & Phone #) *Single & Double Occupancy Nightly Room Availability per RSD weekend *Nightly rate for each occupancy type *Allowable tax rates *Contractor Representative Signature *Contractor Representative Title Awarded BPAs shall be made to the responsible offeror(s), one (1) awarded BPA up to three (3) BPAs who provide the required documentation supporting they can successfully meet all of the requirements above AND pass an in-person quality surveillance inspection with no discrepancies. Awarded BPAs shall incorporate all Terms and Conditions defined in the solicitation. Offers that fail to furnish the required information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. NOTE: GOVERNMENT WILL NOT AWARD TO THIRD (3RD) PARTY ENTITIES. No third-party contracts shall be utilized. The offeror must be the owner, operator or authorized on-site manager of the lodging facility proposed under this solicitation. Offerors must demonstrate direct control over room inventory, reservation management, and guest services at the proposed facility. Third-party reservation services, travel agencies, online booking platforms, or lodging brokers that do not directly own, operate, or manage the lodging facility are not eligible to perform as the prime contractor under this requirement. The contractor must maintain the ability to directly confirm, modify, or cancel reservations and resolve lodging issues in real time with government personnel. Basis of Award: FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a BPA resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror(s), up to three (3), whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will utilize subjective comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: *Price *Technical Performance *Past Performance Price: The individual room rates shall not exceed the maximum allowable General Services Administration (GSA) Federal Travel Regulation per diem rates for Peoria, IL lodging which can be found at https://www.gsa.gov/travel/plan-book/per-diem-rates/. Room rates can be lower that the per diem rates found on the website. Technical Performance: The offeror shall clearly identify all criteria in their capabilities statement and any amenities above the minimum outlined in the Statement of Work (SOW). An evaluation will be conducted against the evaluation criteria and the offeror’s technical capabilities statement. Past Performance: Past Performance shall only be considered as a tie-breaker. (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ee21d82ed1fc4105bd4f1459f2fc306e/view)