---
layout: default
title: Vertical Transportation Equipment (VTE) Maintenance, Repair, and Alteration Services, Naval Complex Newport, Newport Rhode Island
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 4dcdddc1414443f1993b0e4bbc5a7f0f
---

# Vertical Transportation Equipment (VTE) Maintenance, Repair, and Alteration Services, Naval Complex Newport, Newport Rhode Island

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 09:18:25.015-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008526R0101

## Summary

This is not a request for either a quote or proposal, or an invitation for bid. The intent of this pre-solicitation synopsis is to notify potentials of a Facility Support, Firm Fixed Price (FFP)/Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), Performance-Based contract with recurring and non-recurring services to perform Vertical Transportation Equipment (VTE) Maintenance, Repair, and Alteration Services, Naval Complex Newport, Newport Rhode Island. General Work Requirements: 1502000 C – Facility Investment The Contractor shall furnish all labor, management, supervision, tools, materials and equipment, to perform: Vertical Transportation Equipment (VTE) Maintenance, Repair, and Alteration Services; Emergency, Urgent and Routine work; Preventative Maintenance; Inspection, Testing and Certification and Fire Suppression Systems Inspections. Source Selection procedures will be used to select the proposal that provides the lowest price and is technically acceptable to the Government. Offerors will be evaluated using the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) Method. In order to permit efficient competition, the Navy will utilize the following methodology: Proposals will initially be screened for price and placed in order of price (lowest price to highest price). The Navy will then evaluate the non-price factors of the lowest priced proposal. The Navy will award to the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable proposal. However, if the lowest priced proposal is not found to be technically acceptable, the Navy, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to increase the number of proposals it will review, until the Government identifies a technically acceptable proposal. Accordingly, under this methodology, the non-price factors of some proposals may not be evaluated by the Navy. If discussions are deemed necessary by the Contracting Officer, all proposals will be evaluated (both non-price and price) for the purpose of establishing a competitive range. The solicitation and resulting contract award will be a performance-based service acquisition made to the responsible offeror whose proposal, conforming to the Request for Proposals (RFP), will be advantageous to the Government price and other evaluation factors considered. The Offeror’s proposal shall contain a response to each of the evaluation factors and shall be in the form prescribed by the solicitation. The solicitation requires the evaluation of price and the following non-price factors: Factor 1 – Technical Approach/Management, Factor 2 – Corporate Experience, Factor 3 – Safety and Factor 4 – Past Performance. NOTE: Offerors MUST be evaluated as technically ACCEPTABLE under Factors 1, 2, 3 and 4 in order to be considered technically acceptable overall. For Factor 2 Corporate Experience and Factor 4 Past Performance: The offeror shall submit projects that are similar in size, scope and complexity to the solicitation. Size: A contract with a yearly value of at least $200,000.00 for recurring services. Scope: Offeror must have provided all labor, management, supervision, tools, materials and equipment for Vertical Transportation Equipment (VTE) maintenance, repair, and alteration services as described in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Complexity: Offeror must have been responsible for responding simultaneously to requirements for several customers or installations. Offers shall be submitted for the performance of work for a period of one year. However, the initial term of the contract may be for a period of less than one year. The Government has the option to extend the term of the contract services for additional periods of one to twelve months. The contract will be for a base period with 4 (four) twelve-month option periods which, cumulatively, will not exceed sixty months. The proposed procurement will be issued as a NAVFAC Mid-Atlantic Electronic Contract with online ordering capability using FedMall for the Non-Recurring Exhibit Line Item Numbers (ELINs). Acceptance of Government Purchase Credit Cards is required along with the purchase of FedMall Encrypted software. The North American Classification System (NAICS) for this procurement is 238290; the size standard is $22.0 million. The proposed procurement listed herein is a “Full and Open/Unrestricted” Competitive procurement. The RFP will be made available in electronic format only (Adobe Acrobat (.pdf)) and will be posted on the SAM.gov website around 07 May 2026. The estimated proposal due date shall be at least 30 days after the RFP is posted. (Contractors - Technical inquiries must be submitted in writing to Melinda Robinson, (melinda.l.robinson12.civ@us.navy.mil) 10 days prior to the RFP due date. The SAM site address is https://sam.gov . Notifications of any updates or amendments to the solicitation will be posted on the website only. Contractors are encouraged to register on the SAM website. Only registered contractors will be notified by e-mail when amendments to the solicitation are issued. IT IS THE SOLE RESPONISBILITY OF THE OFFEROR TO CONTINUALLY VIEW THE WEBSITE FOR CHANGES. All prospective contractors are required to register in the System for Award Management (SAM) database. Failure to have an active registration in the SAM database at time of proposal submission will make an offeror ineligible for award. SAM registration shall be maintained until time of award, during performance and through final payment. Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements via the Internet at https://sam.gov/. This contract will replace the contract for similar services. The current contract is N4008521D0063, Elevator Maintenance Services at Naval Complex Newport, Newport, RI. The current contract expires 01 August 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melinda Robinson
  - Email: melinda.l.robinson@navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410690
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Asia BRACEY
  - Email: asia.c.bracey.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573411226

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Item Numbers (ELINs). Acceptance of Government Purchase Credit Cards is required along with the purchase of FedMall Encrypted software. The North American Classification System (NAICS) for this procurement is 238290; the size standard is $22.0 million. The proposed procurement listed herein is a “Full and Open/Unrestricted” Competitive procurement. The RFP will be made available in electronic format only (Adobe Acrobat (.pdf)) and will be posted on the SAM.gov website around 07 May 2026. The estimated proposal due date shall be at least 30 days after the RFP is posted. (Contractors - Technical inquiries must be submitted in writing to Melinda Robinson, (melinda.l.robinson12.civ@us.navy.mil) 10 days prior to the RFP due date. The SAM site address is https://sam.gov . Notifications of any updates or amendments to the solicitation will be posted on the website only. Contractors are encouraged to register on the SAM website. Only registered contractors will be notified by e-mail when amendments to the solicitation are issued. IT IS THE SOLE RESPONISBILITY OF THE OFFEROR TO CONTINUALLY VIEW THE WEBSITE FOR CHANGES. All prospective contractors are required to register in the System for Award Management (SAM) database. Failure to have an active registration in the SAM database at time of proposal submission will make an offeror ineligible for award. SAM registration shall be maintained until time of award, during performance and through final payment. Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements via the Internet at https://sam.gov/. This contract will replace the contract for similar services. The current contract is N4008521D0063, Elevator Maintenance Services at Naval Complex Newport, Newport, RI. The current contract expires 01 August 2026

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4dcdddc1414443f1993b0e4bbc5a7f0f/view)