---
layout: default
title: DESIGN-BUILD/ DESIGN-BID-BUILD INDEFINITE DELIVERY/INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) MULTIPLE AWARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT (MACC) FOR MECHANICAL, ELECTRICAL, PLUMBING, AND FIRE PROTECTION PROJECTS AT NAVAL STATION GREAT LAKES AND NAVAL OPERATIONAL SUPPORT CENTERS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d7c54c477fc1409c8e1d67e1f9778cdf
---

# DESIGN-BUILD/ DESIGN-BID-BUILD INDEFINITE DELIVERY/INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) MULTIPLE AWARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT (MACC) FOR MECHANICAL, ELECTRICAL, PLUMBING, AND FIRE PROTECTION PROJECTS AT NAVAL STATION GREAT LAKES AND NAVAL OPERATIONAL SUPPORT CENTERS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 11:25:12.82-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008526R0139

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE FOR N40085-26-R-0139 DESIGN-BUILD (DB)/ DESIGN-BID-BUILD (DBB) INDEFINITE DELIVERY/INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) MULTIPLE AWARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT (MACC) FOR MECHANICAL, ELECTRICAL, PLUMBING, AND FIRE PROTECTION PROJECTS AT NAVAL STATION GREAT LAKES AND NAVAL OPERATIONAL SUPPORT CENTERS (NOSC) THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL, REQUEST FOR QUOTE, OR INVITATION FOR BID. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. The intent of this notice is to conduct market research to determine if sources capable of satisfying this agency’s requirements exist. The Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Mid-Atlantic is seeking eligible Small Business firms capable of performing construction services for an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Multiple Award Construction Contract (MACC) for Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing, and Fire Protection Projects at Naval Station Great Lakes and Naval Operational Support Centers (NOSCs) within the AOR of a 450-mile radius of Naval Station Great Lakes. All service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSB), certified HUB-Zone, certified 8(a), women-owned small businesses (WOSB), and small businesses are encouraged to respond. Upon review of industry responses to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. Large business submittals will not be considered. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this synopsis. The information provided in this notice is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for or award a contract. No drawings or specifications will be made available at this time. The Government will not provide debriefs on the results of this research, but feedback regarding the decision to set aside or not set aside the procurement will be accomplished via pre-solicitation synopsis or solicitation for these services, as applicable. All information submitted will be held in a confidential manner and will only be used for the purpose intended. General Work Requirements: This is an Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Multiple Award Construction Contract (MACC) for Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing, and Fire Protection services at the Naval Station Great Lakes and NOSCs within the AOR of a 450-mile radius of Naval Station Great Lakes. Work under this contract will be primarily performed in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Mid-Atlantic (NAVFAC MIDLANT) Naval Station Great Lakes Area of Responsibility (AOR) including Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky. Some work could be located in other areas within the NAVFAC MIDLANT’s AOR as approved by the Contracting Officer. This contract (s) will require the ability to manage multiple task orders concurrently across the identified AOR. The work primarily includes, but is not limited to: Construction services include demolition, repairs and upgrades to existing mechanical, electrical, plumbing and fire protection systems as well as new installation of mechanical, electrical, plumbing and fire protection systems. Construction services also include demolition, repairs and upgrades to existing Heating Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC) systems as well as new installation of Heating Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC) systems. Services include associated boilers, high pressure steam distribution, electrical distribution, motors, generators, potable water distribution, sanitary sewer, storm water control, communications, and removal and disposal of asbestos or lead contaminated materials. (asbestos, Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs) and lead contaminated materials). Types of buildings and facilities include administrative, industrial, warehouses, maintenance, communications, schools/training/education, personnel support, recreational, food services, training areas/ranges, roads, etc. Lead or asbestos abatement may be requirement. Work in explosive facilities will be required. Larger projects will be issued either fully design projects or design build projects. The projects will include delivery of both Design-Build and Design-Bid-Build project design as well as MEP-specific study/evaluation work. Projects shall be in conformance with all applicable referenced criteria per the design/construction standards, laws and regulations, including applicable building, fire life-safety codes, and environmental regulations as outlined at: https://www.wbdg.org/dod/ufc The selected contractor(s) will be responsible for all labor, supervision, engineering, design, management, materials, supplies, equipment, tools, and transportation to perform all services described in the drawings and specifications provided for each individual project. It is anticipated that no more than five (5) contracts will be awarded as a result of this potential solicitation. The duration of the contract(s) will be for one (1) year from the date of contract award with four (4) one-year option periods. The total five-year (base and four one-year options) estimated construction cost for all contracts will not exceed $120,000,000 for the life of the contract. Projects awarded on this MACC will have an estimated construction cost of approximately $25,000.00 to $750,000.00; however, smaller and larger dollar value projects may be considered. The anticipated award of this contract is January 2027. The primary North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 238220, Plumbing, Heating, and Air Conditioning Contractors, with a small business size standard of $19,000,000. The procurement method to be utilized is Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 15, Contracting by Negotiation. If the resulting solicitation is set aside for small businesses or 8(a) concerns, the resulting contract will include RFO 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, which limits the amount of work performed by subcontractors. Specifically, as the prime contractor, your company must perform at least 15% of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with your own employees. If adequate interest is not received from Small Business concerns, the solicitation will be issued as unrestricted without further notice. Interested sources are invited to respond to this sources sought announcement by using the forms provided under separate files titled Sources Sought Contractor Information Form (form attached) and Project Information Form (form attached). These forms are required. Information not provided may prohibit your firm from consideration. If you are submitting as a mentor-protégé joint venture under the 8(a) program, you must provide SBA approval of the mentor-protégé agreement to be considered as small for this procurement. For more information on the definitions or requirements for these small business programs refer to http://www.sba.gov/. Responses must include identification and verification of the firm’s small business status. The following information shall be provided: Contractor Information: Provide your firm’s contact information including Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and CAGE Code. Type of Business: Identify whether your firm is a Small Business, SBA certified 8(a), SBA certified HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, and/or Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business, or Women-Owned Small Business concern. Bonding Capacity: Provide your surety’s name, your maximum bonding capacity per project and your aggregate maximum bonding capacity. Construction Experience: Submit a minimum of three (3) up to a maximum of five (5) relevant construction projects completed in the last seven (7) years prior to the sources sought submission due date. Submit projects that best demonstrate your experience on relevant projects that are similar in size, scope and complexity to the projects proposed for this MACC. For each of the submitted relevant projects (a maximum of five (5) projects), ensure that the Project Information Form is completed in its entirety for each project and limited to two pages per project. Ensure that the description of the project clearly identifies whether the project is new construction or renovation, the square footage and final construction cost, and addresses how the project meets the scope/complexity requirements. A relevant project is defined as a construction project performed under a single task order or contract. For multiple award and indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity type contracts, the contract as a whole shall not be submitted as a project and will not be considered; rather, Offerors shall submit the work performed under a task order as a project. Recent is defined as having been 100% completed within the last seven (7) years prior to the sources sought submission due date. The contractor shall have acted as the Prime contractor on submitted projects. Experience of proposed subcontractors will not be considered. Furthermore, the Offeror’s experience as a subcontractor will not be considered. A relevant project is further defined as: Size: A final construction cost of $250,000 or greater. At least one (1) project must have a final construction cost of $2,000,000 or greater. Scope/Complexity: New construction/addition, retrofits, or upgrades, of mechanical systems, electrical systems, plumbing systems, or fire protection systems. Projects shall collectively demonstrate experience with each of the systems. Additionally, submitted relevant projects shall demonstrate the following characteristics: Repair to existing mechanical, electrical, plumbing or fire protection systems (at least one (1) project). Experience with design-build (at least one (1) project). Note: A relevant project does not have to demonstrate experience with all systems listed under scope/ complexity, but instead relevant projects submitted as a whole shall collectively demonstrate experience with each of the systems. Note: Capability will only be satisfied on projects that are considered relevant in terms of size/scope/complexity and completed within the specified time period. For purposes of evaluating capability, the “Offeror” is defined as the prime contractor that demonstrates experience on relevant projects that meet size, scope and complexity. Please note that if you are responding as an 8(a) Mentor-Protégé, you must indicate the percentage of work to be performed by the protégé. A copy of the SBA letter stating that your 8(a) Mentor-Protégé agreement has been approved would be required with your proposal, if requested. This notice is a market research tool being used to determine the availability and adequacy of potential small business sources prior to determining the method of acquisition and ultimate issuance of an award. Upon review of industry response to this sources sought notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. The Government will use responses to this Sources Sought Synopsis to make appropriate acquisition decisions. The Capabilities Statement for this sources sought is not expected to be a proposal, but rather short statements regarding the company’s ability to demonstrate existing-or-developed expertise and experience in relation to the areas specified herein. Submission of a Capabilities Statement is not a prerequisite to any potential future offerings, but participation will assist the Government in tailoring requirements to be consistent with industry capabilities. Responses are due on 07 May 2026 by 2:00 P.M. local time. The submission package shall ONLY be submitted electronically to Shayna Eichner at shayna.t.eichner.civ@us.navy.mil and MUST be limited to a 4MB attachment. You are encouraged to request a “read receipt.” Responses received after the deadline or without the required information will not be considered. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed by email to shayna.t.eichner.civ@us.navy.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shayna Eichner
  - Email: shayna.t.eichner.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573411046
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kristy GERREK
  - Email: kristy.gerrek@navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410089

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d7c54c477fc1409c8e1d67e1f9778cdf/view)