---
layout: default
title: Control Circuit Plug/Connector
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e587b300d83c4f618e5a450917e33e26
---

# Control Circuit Plug/Connector

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 07:56:01.775-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z02326R526018090

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial item contract, prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6 of the FAR and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z02326R526018090 applies and is issued as a Request for Quotation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2023-02(FEB 2023). This procurement is 100% set aside for small business. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 423610 and the business size standard is 500 PPL. This is a Brand Name Sole Source Solicitation for APP/Russellstoll and any vendor interested in bidding on this Solicitation must be able to provide OEM parts directly as no proprietary information, mfg drawings, specification and other technical data will be provided by the U.S. Coast Guard. U.S. Coast Guard Surface Acquisitions Logistics Center intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by the Agency Companies must be registered with System for Award Management (SAM) @ www.sam.gov and shall provide the company SAM ID & Tax Information Number (TIN) with their offer. The closing date and time for receipt of quote is _May 4, 2026_, at _8:00_ a.m. Eastern Standard Time. ITEM 0001 Russellstoll 20A PLG 11P12W MFG Part # SKWP12XG CAGE: 56501 Qty 16 Delivery Date: 08/21/2026 Place of Delivery is: USCG ESD New Orleans 1790 Saturn Blvd New Orleans, LA 70129 Please quote prices FOB Destination. UNIT PRICE:_______________ TOTAL: _____________ The following FAR clauses apply to this solicitation. Offerors may obtain full text versions of these clauses electronically at http://www.arnet.gov/far. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items (MAR 2023). 1. Parties responding to this solicitation may submit their offer in accordance with their standard commercial practices (e.g. on company letterhead, formal quote form, etc.) but must include the following information: a) company’s complete mailing and remittance addresses, b) discounts for prompt payment if applicable c) cage code, d) SAMs Unique Entity ID, e) Taxpayer ID number. Offerors shall agree to the delivery conditions by the government. Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items with their offer. 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Items (OCT 2014). – Delivery, pricing and relevant past performance are the evaluation factors. This is a commercial item acquisition. Award will be made to lowest cost technically acceptable. All evaluation factors will be considered as DELIVERY is as important as cost. The Government intends to award on an all or none basis to a responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the solicitation, and provides the Government with the lowest cost technically acceptable and meeting our PDD. The evaluation and award procedures in FAR 13.106 apply. FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items (OCT 2018) with Alt 1 included are to be submitted with your offers. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items (DEC 2022) applies to this acquisition. FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders, Commercial Items (MAR 2023). The following clauses listed in 52.212-5 are incorporated: 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (JUN 2020) (Pub.L. 109-282)(31 U.S.C. 6101 note). 52.204-13, System for Award Management Registration (OCT 2018) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (MAR 2023) (15 U.S.C. 632 (a)(2). 52.222-3 Convict labor (June 2003) (E.O. 11755) 52.222.19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2018) (EO 11755) 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity (SEP 2016)(E.O. 11246) 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers with Disabilities (JUL 2014) (29 U.S.C. 793). 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627) 52.223-18, Contractor Policy to Ban Text Messaging while Driving (Aug 2011) (E.O. 13513). 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (OCT 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (FEB 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Central Contractor Registration (OCT 2018)(31.S.C. 3332). 52.222-41, Service Contract Act of 1965 (AUG 2018) (41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.). 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 2014)(29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. 351, et seq.). 52.233-3 Protest after award (Aug. 1996.) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Chain (Oct.2004). Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS): N/A QUOTES ARE DUE BY 8:00 AM EST on 04 MAY 2026 to kurt.a.woodley@uscg.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kurt Woodley
  - Email: kurt.a.woodley@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e587b300d83c4f618e5a450917e33e26/view)