---
layout: default
title: DG10--HDTV subscription and Internet Service
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 29f1d2e18c324a86b30dfdbe5a13fc25
---

# DG10--HDTV subscription and Internet Service

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 15:59:36.556-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0465
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 3 of 3 NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE Video & Internet Service Orlando VA HealthCare System (OVAHCS), Network Contracting Office 8, is issuing this notice of intent to negotiate with a single source, Charter Communications, to provide monthly subscription of High Definition (HD) Digital Television and Dedicated Internet Access Service (DIAS) which provides local and cable entertainment channels, installation & connection services, and DIAS connectivity at multiple VA facilities within the Orlando VA Healthcare System (VAHCS) along with providing Veteran Guest Internet Access (VGIA) for the all of Veterans Integrated Service Network 8 (VISN 8) facilities. The government is contemplating a Base + 4 option period contract to satisfy this requirement. SCOPE This service provides television viewing to in-patient rooms & out-patient clinics, waiting areas, domiciliary residents, and veteran beneficiaries & family members lodging at the Fisher House, as well as internet access at VA facilities for the communication and interconnectivity of crucial support systems at each site. The Orlando VAMC at Lake Nona is the main hub and central control point of television and internet services for all sites within the OVAHCS. OVAHCS is also the main hub providing Veteran Guest Internet Access (VGIA) for all of VISN 8. Service will be provided at the following OVAHCS facilities and future facilities: The Orlando VA Medical Center at Lake Nona, 13800 Veterans Way, Orlando, FL 32827 Lake Baldwin VA Medical Center, 5201 Raymond St., Orlando, FL., 32803 Lakemont Campus, 2500 S. Lakemont Ave, Orlando FL 32814 William V. Chappell Jr. Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC), 551 National Health Care Dr., Daytona Beach, FL., 32114 Viera VA Health Care Center (VAHCC), 2900 Veterans Way, Viera, FL., 32940 Kissimmee CBOC, 701 Union St., Kissimmee, FL., 34741 Deltona CBOC, 1200 Deltona Blvd. Deltona, FL., 32725 Clermont CBOC, 805 Oakley Seaver Dr., Clermont, FL., 34711 Port Orange CBOC 3731 S. Clyde Morris Blvd., Port Orange, FL 32129 Westside Pavilion CBOC 1821 Business Park Blvd. Daytona Beach, FL 32114 SimLEARN Annex 6490 Hazeltine National Dr. Orlando, FL 32822 Palm Bay CBOC 5200 Babcock St. NE Suite 101 Palm Bay, FL 32905 PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS New installations: Locations as determined by the VA The Contractor shall locate the Demarcation point(S), (DMARC) location for the Head End system, The Contractor shall provide a full report to the Liaison officer before proceeding to the deployment of equipment. The Contractor shall provide manuals and drawings to the Liaison officer for distribution throughout the medical center. The Contractor shall set up site equipment ensure signal strength. The Contractor shall install the equipment, align and test. The Contractor shall complete the testing and validate of cables Contracted monthly HDTV/Video and DIAS Service: The Contractor shall provide 24/7 network operations with good quality HD Digital Television service for the delivery of local satellite/cable entertainment channels to the viewer package requested throughout the facility. The Contractor shall maintain a 24/7 network operation center for reporting all types of outages and service interruption. The Contractor shall provide an inventory and recording of system components during the contract period at no additional cost to the Government, The Contractor shall complete the testing of cable and feed supply during the contract period at no additional cost to the Government, The Contractor shall complete the testing of cables, replacing worn or weathered cables to avoid future outage problems due to equipment issues during the contract period at no additional cost to the Government. The Contractor shall resolve all outages and service interruptions The Contractor response time of interruptions shall be within 3 hours of notification, The Contractor response time of critical outages shall be one (1) hour of notification, The Contractor response time of minor outages shall be one (3) hour of notification, The Contractor response time of major outages shall be within 1 hour of notification, Delays will be reviewed and subject to the terms agreed in the proposal. Natural Disasters or unforeseen emergencies are the exception to delays in work completion. NAICS: 517111 SB size standard: 1,500 employees PSC: DG10 Responses must be submitted by 11:00 AM (EDT) Monday, March 30, 2026. Responses to the information requested above may be submitted via email to Kurt.Kramer@va.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kurt Kramer
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Kurt.Kramer@va.gov
  - Phone: 407-840-9048

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Hazeltine National Dr. Orlando, FL 32822 Palm Bay CBOC 5200 Babcock St. NE Suite 101 Palm Bay, FL 32905 PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS New installations: Locations as determined by the VA The Contractor shall locate the Demarcation point(S), (DMARC) location for the Head End system, The Contractor shall provide a full report to the Liaison officer before proceeding to the deployment of equipment. The Contractor shall provide manuals and drawings to the Liaison officer for distribution throughout the medical center. The Contractor shall set up site equipment ensure signal strength. The Contractor shall install the equipment, align and test. The Contractor shall complete the testing and validate of cables Contracted monthly HDTV/Video and DIAS Service: The Contractor shall provide 24/7 network operations with good quality HD Digital Television service for the delivery of local satellite/cable entertainment channels to the viewer package requested throughout the facility. The Contractor shall maintain a 24/7 network operation center for reporting all types of outages and service interruption. The Contractor shall provide an inventory and recording of system components during the contract period at no additional cost to the Government, The Contractor shall complete the testing of cable and feed supply during the contract period at no additional cost to the Government, The Contractor shall complete the testing of cables, replacing worn or weathered cables to avoid future outage problems due to equipment issues during the contract period at no additional cost to the Government. The Contractor shall resolve all outages and service interruptions The Contractor response time of interruptions shall be within 3 hours of notification, The Contractor response time of critical outages shall be one (1) hour of notification, The Contractor response time of minor outages shall be one (3) hour of notification, The Contractor response time of major outages shall be within 1 hour of notification, Delays will be reviewed and subject to the terms agreed in the proposal. Natural Disasters or unforeseen emergencies are the exception to delays in work completion. NAICS: 517111 SB size standard: 1,500 employees PSC: DG10 Responses must be submitted by 11:00 AM (EDT) Monday, March 30, 2026. Responses to the information requested above may be submitted via email to Kurt.Kramer@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/29f1d2e18c324a86b30dfdbe5a13fc25/view)