---
layout: default
title: H339--NEW Madison, WI VAMC Elevator Inspection Services
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 503792f4938a4706b2aef95466bb92af
---

# H339--NEW Madison, WI VAMC Elevator Inspection Services

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 10:50:42.997-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226Q0314
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Department of Veterans Affairs, Great Lakes Acquisition Center (GLAC) is searching for vendors with the capabilities to furnish all supervision, labor, equipment, travel and supplies necessary to perform Semi-Annual periodic routine elevator dumbwaiter inspections, perform Annual Category 1 elevator dumbwaiter periodic inspection and safety tests and the Five Year Load Test of elevators and dumbwaiters located at the at the William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans Hospital, 2500 Overlook Terrace, Madison, WI 53705. This will be a base plus four contract. Firm-fixed price. The Contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, material, parts, software, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary for execution of the work to be performed under this Contract. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541350. All interested, responsible sources must submit a capability statement by March 13th, 2026 at 10:00 AM CST, to Makena.James@VA.gov to include the following: DUNS number, organization name, organization address, point of contact, business size under NAICS 541350, and socioeconomic status. This Sources Sought is issued solely for information and planning purposes to determine the availability of qualified vendors and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Please note that this is not a request for proposal and the Government is seeking information for market research purposes only. The Government may or may not issue solicitation documents. Please Look for any further information in Contract Opportunities. Telephone inquiries will not be returned. STATEMENT OF WORK Furnish all supervision, labor, equipment, travel and supplies necessary to perform Semi-Annual periodic routine elevator dumbwaiter inspections, perform Annual Category 1 elevator dumbwaiter periodic inspection and safety tests and the Five Year Load Test of elevators and dumbwaiters located at the at the William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans Hospital, 2500 Overlook Terrace, Madison, WI 53705. 1. BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Madison VAH requires two complete periodic routine elevator inspections per year per all ASME codes. Periodic routine elevator inspections include the witness and certification of one (1) Semi-Annual periodic routine elevator /dumbwaiter inspection, one (1) Annual Category 1 periodic elevator/dumbwaiter inspection and safety tests per all ASME codes and the witness of one (1) Five Year Load Test of all of the elevators and dumbwaiters. 2. REQUIREMENTS AND QUALIFICATIO NS OF ELEVATOR, DUMBWAITER and LIFT INSPECTORS: The inspectors and inspection supervisor shall meet the qualification requirements of the ASME QEI-1. Inspectors and inspection supervisors shall be certified by an organization accredited by ASME in accordance with the requirements of ASME QEI-1. All work performed under this contract shall be accomplished by a QEI-1 certified inspector employed on a permanent basis by the Contractor awarded this contract. The inspectors supervisor shall also be QEI-1 qualified. The inspector and inspection supervisor shall be employed on a permanent basis by the Contractor awarded this contract. The contractor must provide proof of QEI-1 certification for their inspectors and supervisors. Copies of the QEI-1 inspectors and supervisor s certificates shall be provided with the proposal. 3. INSPECTIONS: There shall be two (2) inspections per year, every six months, on all the equipment listed in the Schedule of Elevators and Dumbwaiters. Inspections include a Semi-Annual periodic routine elevator, dumbwaiter and lift inspection and the Annual Category 1 elevator, dumbwaiter and lift periodic inspection and annual safety test inspection. Inspections shall include but are not limited to; inside of the cars, elevator machine rooms and equipment, elevator control room and equipment, secondary equipment and machine rooms, tops of cars, hoist ways, shafts, elevator lobbies and elevator pits. All inspections shall be conducted in accordance with the latest editions of ASME A17.1 and all current elevator requirements and standards. Inspections shall cover all items as stated in ASME 17.1, Section 8.11. Inspections shall follow the recommended inspection and test intervals as specified in latest edition of Table N-1 of the ASME A17.1, Safety Code for Elevators. All inspections and tests shall be in accordance with the latest editions of other applicable codes, such as, but not limited to: ASME A17.1/CSA B44 Safety Code for Elevators and Escalators Current Edition ASME A17.1 Safety Code for Elevators and escalators Current Edition ASME A17.2 Guide for Inspection of Elevators, Escalators and Moving Walks Current Edition ASME A17.3 Safety Code for Existing Elevator and Escalators. ASME A17.4 Guide for Emergency Evacuation of Passenger from Elevators. 3.1 One (1) site visit/inspection per year, preferred at the first calendar year inspection, shall include, in addition to all required inspections and safety tests, a review of the existing equipment for safety code compliance, including the firefighters' service functions, ADA requirements, as well as recommended upgrades, enhancements or modernization or needs based on long term life expectancy of the current existing equipment. These findings and recommendations shall be submitted in a separate narrative and included with the inspection report. 3.2 During any inspection, parts shall be removed where necessary to determine the exact condition of parts which could not otherwise be determined, and the equipment shall be cleaned where necessary to make the proper inspection. All parts shall he reinstalled after removal. Elevator inspector shall provide all necessary tools; door pressure gauge, stopwatch, calipers, flashlight and any other small hand tools necessary to conduct inspections. 3.3 All inspections shall be performed in the presence of the elevator maintenance technician, currently under contract as the VA elevator preventative maintenance contractor and a representative from the VA Hospital. The COR at the medical center shall accompany the contractor as an observer, if they choose, during the time of the inspections. 3.4 First inspection shall be within 60 days after contract award. Second inspection shall be 6 months later. All subsequent inspections in the following option years shall be on the same twice per year schedule. 3.5 Each site visit/inspection shall include an out brief meeting with the COR or VA Rep to discuss the inspection violations, findings, immediate needs, and necessary corrections. 3.6 In addition to using the standards in the A17.1 and A17.2 Codes, the inspection contractor shall assure that the maintenance contractor s preventative maintenance check charts are up to date and correctly annotated. 3.7 Base Year requirement: Provide to the VA, the latest edition of ASME A17.4 Guide for Emergency Evacuation of Passengers from Elevators. Provide code book with the first base year report. 4. ANNUAL / SEMI-ANNUAL TEST: The elevator inspector shall be on site to witness and certify the Annual Category 1 safety tests performed with the VA elevator maintenance contractor. Elevator safeties shall be subjected to the annual running tests as required by ASME A17.2 latest edition. The Annual Category 1 safety tests and inspection will be scheduled to concur with one of the required bi-annual inspections. The elevator inspector shall be on site to witness and certify the Semi-Annual inspections and tests and cover all items as specified in the latest editions of ASME A17.2. 4.1 PERFORMANCE EVALUATION DATA: In addition to the required ASME Annual & Semi-Annual inspections. The Inspection Contractor shall provide an elevator performance evaluation in report form for all elevators, dumbwaiters and lifts once per year. 5. FIVE-YEAR INSPECTION AND LOAD TEST: The elevator inspector shall be on site to witness and certify the five-year load & safety tests performed by the VA elevator maintenance contractor. The five-year inspection and load tests are performed during off tour hours, between 5:00pm on a Friday and 7:00am on Monday. The Contractor shall be notified in advance by the COR on date and times of the Five Year Inspection & Test. It is anticipated that the five-year load & safety tests will occur in Base Year (2026) of this contract. The five-year inspection and load tests shall be performed during a weekend or holiday to reduce the impact to the facility. 6. DOCUMENTATION: Each inspection survey/evaluation shall include a comprehensive narrative/report. The narrative/report shall include: 6.1 Listing and narrative of the operating performance for each elevator/lift. 6.2 A narrative, which summarizes the inspection and tests conducted. 6.3 Explains and identifies any conditions found to exist, that require repair or replacement. 6.4 Provide recommendations as to what actions should be implemented to correct deficiencies and/or conditions identified. 6.5 Provide list of typical parts that are needed and are recommended for replacement to keep the equipment in good operating condition. 6.6 Contractor shall if necessary, clearly indicate any adjustments, repairs, or replacements necessary to correct troubles encountered. 6.7 Shall furnish specifications (if requested by the COR) enough to enable the VA to purchase the materials required for those purposes. 6.8 Indicate all items and locations inspected. 6.9 A narrative of all findings and recommendations of the existing equipment as detailed in paragraph 3.1. Narrative and recommendations listed above shall be in addition to standard ASME report/checklists and reports per the required ASME codes. 6.10 Reports shall be submitted electronically to the VA COR and the VA CO within two (2) weeks after completion of the inspection. 6.11 Provide the latest edition of ASME A17.4 Guide for Emergency Evacuation of Passengers from Elevators code book along with the base year report. 7. RECOGNIZED HOLIDAYS: Unless otherwise indicated, the contractor is not required to perform services on these Federal holidays. New Year s Day Labor Day Martin Luther King Jr. Day Columbus Day Presidents Day Veterans Day Memorial Day Thanksgiving Day Juneteenth Christmas Day Independence Day 8. HOURS OF OPERATION: Unless otherwise indicated (such as five-year load test), the contractor is responsible for conducting business, between the hours of 7:00AM and 5:00PM Monday thru Friday except Federal holidays or when the Government facility is closed due to local or national emergencies, administrative closings, or similar Government directed facility closings. 9. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: The work to be performed under this contract will be performed at the following government facility: William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans Hospital 2500 Overlook Terrace Madison, WI 53705-2286 10. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS: Contractor personnel performing work under this contract must check in with the VA Contracting Officer Representative and shall be escorted by the VA COR or VA rep and the VA elevator maintenance technician during all elevator inspections. 11. INTERFERENCE TO NORMAL FUNCTION: Contractor personnel are required to interrupt their work at any time so as not to interfere with the normal functioning of the facility, including utility services, fire protection systems, and passage of patients, personnel, equipment, and carts. 12. SAFETY: The Contractor shall consider the clinical environment and instruct his/her employees on applicable safety precautions and specific requirements. Contractor shall comply with OSHA General Industry and Construction Standards (29 CFR 1910 and 29 CFR 1926. Contractor to provide an OSHA 10 Hour General Industry Training certificate. The contractor is responsible for compliance with all OSHA and other applicable safety regulations. Contractor is required to protect the immediate safety of persons and equipment in and about the elevator(s) during the inspection process. 13. ACRONYMS/DEFINITIONS: CO - Contracting Officer COR - Contracting Officer's Representative VAH - Department of Veterans Affairs Hospital HIPPA- Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act 14. IDENTIFICATION, PARKING, SMOKING, AND VA REGULATIONS (For any onsite services): 1. The Contractor's employees and/or subcontractors approved by the COR shall wear visible identification at all time while on the premises of the VAH. Identification shall include, but not be limited to a company identification card, which shall include the company name, employee name, title, and a photograph of the employee. 2. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Information on parking is available from the VAH Police Section. The VAH will not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking violations of the Contractor under any conditions. 3. Any interior or exterior doors that shall be unlocked to gain access shall be kept locked during the performance of work unless it results in the creation of a safety hazard. In those instances, the Contractor is responsible to take necessary actions to maintain the same level of security prior to gaining access/performing work. Should any other devices need to be unlocked like an entry gate, those devices shall be locked immediately upon entry or exit. At no time shall the Contractor allow any person into a locked area or loan keys/access cards to another person. Contractor may be held in default for failure to comply with this requirement and subject the Contractor and employees to contract and other legal remedies. 4. The Contractor agrees that none of its officers or employees shall use or reveal any research, statistical, medical, or security information which may be obtained during the performance of the work or as a result their presence on Government premises without the written consent of the Government. 5. Smoking is prohibited inside any buildings at the VAH. 6. Possession of weapons is prohibited. 7. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, may be subject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. Schedule of Elevators, Dumbwaiters and Lifts LOCATION ELEVATOR # MANUFACTURER STOPS SYSTEM TYPE BLDG. 1, B-WING PASSENGER P1 SCHUMACHER 9 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, B-WING PASSENGER P2 SCHUMACHER 9 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, B-WING PASSENGER P3 SCHUMACHER 9 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, B-WING PASSENGER P4 SCHUMACHER 9 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, B-WING FREIGHT S5 SCHUMACHER 10 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, C-WING FREIGHT S6 SCHUMACHER 5 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, D-WING MORGUE SCHUMACHER 2 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 1, D-WING PASSENGER P8 SCHUMACHER 10 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, D-WING PASSENGER P9 SCHUMACHER 10 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, D-WING PASSENGER P10 SCHUMACHER 10 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, D-WING MATL/CART LIFT 1 MATOT 2 TRACTION BLDG. 1, D-WING DUMBWAITER LAB MATOT 2 TRACTION BLDG. 15 PASSENGER P1 THYSSENKRUPP 6 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 15 PASSENGER P2 THYSSENKRUPP 6 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 16 PASSENGER P1 SCHUMACHER 5 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 22 PASSENGER P1 SCHUMACHER 3 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 2 PASSENGER P1 SCHUMACHER 3 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 6 PASSENGER P1 SCHUMACHER 2 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 2 SERVICE S1 SCHUMACHER 3 HYDRAULIC SUPPLIES OR SERVICES AND PRICES/COSTS Furnish all supervision, labor, equipment, travel and supplies necessary to perform Semi-Annual periodic routine elevator dumbwaiter inspections, perform Annual Category 1 elevator dumbwaiter periodic inspection and safety tests and one (1) Five Year Load Test of elevators located at the William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans Hospital, 2500 Overlook Terrace, Madison, WI 53705. BASE PERIOD: July 1, 2026, through June 30, 2027 CLIN Description QTY Unit Unit Price Total Price 0001 Semi-Annual Periodic 19 EA $____ $___ Routine Elevator/Dumbwaiter Inspections as per Statement of Work 0002 Annual Category 1 19 EA $______ $____ Elevator/Dumbwaiter Periodic Inspection and Annual Safety Tests per Statement of Work 2003 Five Year Load Test to be 1 EA $_______ $____ Performed on Elevators per Statement of Work and Schedule below: Five Year Load Test Elevator Schedule (Base Year) LOCATION ELEVATOR # MANUFACTURER STOP SYSTEM TYPE BLDG. 1, B-WING PASSENGER P-1 SCHUMACHER 9 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, B-WING PASSENGER P-2 SCHUMACHER 9 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, B-WING PASSENGER P-3 SCHUMACHER 9 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, B-WING PASSENGER P-4 SCHUMACHER 9 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, B-WING FREIGHT 5 SCHUMACHER 10 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, C-WING FREIGHT 6 SCHUMACHER 4 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, D-WING MORGUE SCHUMACHER 10 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 1, D-WING PASSENGER P-8 SCHUMACHER 10 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, D-WING PASSENGER P-9 SCHUMACHER 10 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 1, D-WING PASSENGER P-10 SCHUMACHER 10 GEARLESS TRACTION BLDG. 22 PASSENGER P-1 SCHUMACHER 3 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 2 PASSENGER P-1 SCHUMACHER 3 HYDRAULIC BLDG. 6 PASSENGER P-1 SCHUMACHER 2 HYDRAULIC Total BASE PERIOD: $__________ OPTION YEAR 1: July 1, 2027, through June 30, 2028 CLIN Description QTY Unit Unit Price Total Price 1001 Semi-Annual Periodic 19 EA $____ $___ Routine Elevator/Dumbwaiter Inspections per Statement of Work 1002 Annual Category 1 19 EA $______ $____ Elevator/Dumbwaiter Periodic Inspection and Annual Safety Tests per Statement of Work Total OPTION YEAR 1: $_____________ OPTION YEAR 2: July 1, 2028, through June 30, 2029 CLIN Description QTY Unit Unit Price Total Price 2001 Semi-Annual Periodic 19 EA $____ $___ Routine Elevator/Dumbwaiter Inspections per Statement of Work 2002 Annual Category 1 19 EA $______ $____ Elevator/Dumbwaiter Periodic Inspection and Annual Safety Tests per Statement of Work Total OPTION YEAR 2: $____________ OPTION YEAR 3: July 1, 2029, through June 30, 2030 CLIN Description QTY Unit Unit Price Total Price 3001 Semi-Annual Periodic 19 EA $____ $___ Routine Elevator/Dumbwaiter Inspections per Statement of Work 3002 Annual Category 1 19 EA $______ $____ Elevator/Dumbwaiter Periodic Inspection and Annual Safety Tests per Statement of Work Total OPTION YEAR 3: $______________ OPTION YEAR 4: July 1, 2030, through June 30, 2031 CLIN Description QTY Unit Unit Price Total Price 4001 Semi-Annual Periodic 19 EA $____ $___ Routine Elevator/Dumbwaiter Inspections per Statement of Work 4002 Annual Category 1 19 EA $______ $____ Elevator/Dumbwaiter Periodic Inspection and Annual Safety Tests per Statement of Work Total OPTION YEAR 4: $_____________ TOTAL for BASE and ALL OPTION YEARS: $_________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Makena James
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Makena.James@va.gov
  - Phone: (414) 844-4871

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/503792f4938a4706b2aef95466bb92af/view