---
layout: default
title: Audio Visual (AV) Equipment & Installation Camp Shelby, MS (BLDG 1450)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 989fdec098644336838d09cd54684726
---

# Audio Visual (AV) Equipment & Installation Camp Shelby, MS (BLDG 1450)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 15:02:43.046-04
- Solicitation Number: W9127Q26QA003

## Summary

********Amendment******* The purpose for this amendment is to update the CLINs and add the revised Statement of Work (which includes a diagram of Bluding 1450 with location of the equipment that will be installed) extend the close date, question and answer dates. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, as a supplemented additional information in the notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W9127Q26QA003 is being issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) with Open Market Pricing. This solicitation document, incorporated provisions, and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) FAC 2025-06, Effective 01 October 2025, and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation (DFARS) Publication Notice (DPN) dated 02 February 2026. This requirement is a small business set aside under NAICS 334310 with a size standard of 750 Employees. The MSARNG has a requirement for Audio Video Equipment and Installation. See Statement of Work for the full scope of work. ***********Country of Origin must be listed for each item************** CLIN 0001 – Building 1450, Medical Battalion Training Site (Rooms 120, 113, 124) 98" Diagonal Class LED-backlit LCD display – digital signage – 4K UHD (3840 x 2160) direct-lit LED QTY - 10 (4 mounted to Rm 120 walls, 4 mounted to Rm 113 walls, 2 mounted to Rm 124) 86” interactive touchscreen QTY - 2 (mounted on mobile carts to be placed in classroom 120 and 113) Extra-large micro-adjustable tilting wall mount for displays 55" to 100", supporting up to 250 lbs, with post-installation leveling and lateral shift capabilities QTY - 10 Mobile display cart for 55" to 100" panels up to 200 lbs, featuring telescoping height adjustment and portrait/landscape orientation. QTY - 2 Compact mobile lectern with a 16U rack cube, integrated ventilation, and locking storage for AV/IT equipment.QTY - 2 1RU network-enabled automation controller with extensive control ports including 8 serial, 8 relay, 8 IR, and 8 I/O. QTY - 2 10.1" multi-touch IPS display (1920x1200) for control or scheduling, featuring an integrated camera, microphones, speakers, and NFC reader, with flexible mounting options. QTY - 2 HDBaseT receiver for extending uncompressed 4K60 4:4:4 video and audio, supporting HDMI 2.0, HDCP 2.2, and HDR. QTY - 8 Networked digital signal processor with 12 analog inputs, 8 analog outputs, and a 48-channel low-latency digital audio bus. QTY - 2 4K UHD document camera with a 13MP sensor, 10x optical zoom, and flexible arm, featuring HDMI, VGA, and USB-C outputs. QTY- 4 Full-range 8-inch lay-in ceiling tile loudspeakers with a 100° conical coverage pattern, supporting 70V/100V and low-impedance operation. QTY - 24 2-channel, 300-watt per channel power amplifier with integrated DSP, network control, and high-impedance (70V/100V) direct drive capability. QTY - 2 Cable package QTY - 3 High-performance, 4K multi-format presentation switcher/scaler to centrally route video and audio from various sources (HDMI, USB-C) to multiple displays via HDBaseT, integrating seamlessly with the room's automation and audio systems. This device will ensure 4K UHD resolution compatibility and flexible source selection for a dynamic classroom A/V experience. QTY - 2 CLIN 0002 – Building 1450, Offices 43” professional 4K UHD digital signage display that must offer native, built-in compatibility with the organization's existing content management and distribution ecosystem for seamless device integration, monitoring, and content deployment without the need for external media players. QTY - 6 Medium-sized micro-adjustable tilting wall mount for displays 37" to 60", supporting up to 150 lbs, with post-installation leveling and lateral shift capabilities. QTY - 6 Network Cabling and Termination: Provide one (1) new Category 6 (or better) network drop from the nearest telecommunications room (IDF) to a single-gang wall plate behind the display location. The drop shall be terminated with a certified RJ45 keystone jack. QTY - 6 Ethernet Patch Cable: Provide one (1) factory-terminated Category 6 Ethernet patch cable to connect the display to the network wall plate. QTY - 6 CLIN 0003 – Building 1450, Conference Room 117 85" Diagonal Class LED-backlit LCD display – digital signage – 4K UHD (3840 x 2160) direct-lit LED QTY - 2 Extra-large micro-adjustable tilting wall mount for displays 55" to 100", supporting up to 250 lbs, with post-installation leveling and lateral shift capabilities. QTY - 2 A professional, all-in-one conferencing bar designed for small meeting rooms and huddle spaces. The unit must integrate a 4K Ultra HD camera, a multi-element microphone array, and stereo loudspeakers into a single, wall-mountable chassis. It shall be designed for simple, plug-and-play operation via a single USB connection to a host computer. QTY - 1 4-port HDMI distribution amplifier/splitter for duplicating a single HDMI source to four displays, supporting 4K resolutions and HDCP compliant. QTY - 1 2-channel, 300-watt per channel power amplifier with integrated DSP, network control, and high-impedance (70V/100V) direct drive capability. QTY - 1 Cable Package QTY - 1 10-port Gigabit Ethernet smart managed switch with Power over Ethernet (PoE) on 8 ports, offering advanced management features and QoS capabilities. QTY - 1 CLIN 0004- Building 1450, Breakout Rooms 120-watt COB (Chip on Board) LED wash fixture with five-color (Red, Green, Blue, Warm White) mixing and DMX control. QTY - 24 High-output (1500W) fog machine designed for fire and safety training, capable of producing large volumes of thick smoke, with DMX and wireless remote control. QTY - 6 20-liter container of specialized fluid for a fog machine. QTY - 6 Coaxial pendant loudspeaker with a 6.5-inch woofer and a narrow 75-degree coverage pattern, designed for high-ceiling and reverberant spaces, supporting 70V/100V operation. QTY - 12 Pendant subwoofer with an 8-inch driver and a built-in passive crossover network to power up to four satellite speakers, supporting 70V/100V operation QTY - 6 2-channel, 300-watt per channel power amplifier with integrated DSP, network control, and high-impedance (70V/100V) direct drive capability. QTY - 6 Networked digital signal processor with 4 analog inputs, 4 analog outputs, and a 48-channel low-latency digital audio bus. QTY - 1 Networked automation controller with a secure Linux OS, multi-language scripting support, and extensive control ports including 4 serial, 4 relay, 4 IR, and 4 I/O. QTY - 1 10-inch multi-touch IPS display (1920x1200) for control or scheduling, featuring an integrated camera, microphones, speakers, and NFC reader, with flexible mounting options. QTY - 1 Dual-stream AV over IP encoder that supports 4K60 H.26x and Dante AV-H video content, with HDMI inputs, loop-out, and USB 3.0 recording QTY - 6 256GB CFexpress Type B memory card with read speeds up to 1700 MB/s and write speeds up to 1200 MB/s, designed for 4K RAW video recording. QTY - 6 Rigging – strut, threaded rod QTY - 6 Cable Package QTY - 6 Mobile Control Interface Tablet: Provide a tablet device and all necessary accessories for use as a wireless control surface for the A/V system. The proposed tablet must be officially supported by the A/V control system manufacturer (e.g., Crestron, Extron, Q-SYS) and be capable of running their native control application flawlessly. The device must feature a high-resolution screen of at least 9 inches and support modern wireless networking standards. QTY - 1 A network-manageable Bluetooth audio receiver to allow for wireless audio streaming from user-provided mobile devices (smartphones, tablets, laptops) into the room's audio system. The device must be designed for professional A/V installations, offering superior range, security, and high-quality audio transmission. QTY - 6 CLIN 0005- Installation Contractor/Offeror shall provide all necessary installation and configuration of all commercial-grade A/V equipment listed in above CLIN’s QTY - 1 CLIN 0006- Installation of Government Furnished Equipment Contractor/Offeror shall provide all necessary installation and configuration of the following government provided equipment: 49" Samsung LS49C954UANXZA Curved Monitors QTY - 5 Contractor/Offeror shall provide all necessary installation and configuration of the following government provided equipment: Optoma OPS3-i7-TPM Computer for 5863RK QTY - 2 Contractor/Offeror shall provide all necessary installation and configuration of the following government provided equipment: Ubiquity Enterprise 8 POE QTY - 3 Scope of Installation Supervision & Labor: Contractor/Offeror shall provide all supervision, installation labor, equipment, material, and supplies necessary for the installation of listed AV components in Building 1450 Mounting: Contractor/Offeror shall securely mount all commercial-grade displays, cameras, speakers, and other hardware per manufacturer guidelines and industry best practices, ensuring structural integrity and aesthetics. Wiring & Cabling: Contractor/Offeror shall run and terminate all power, signal, and data cables with neat, concealed routing where feasible (including in-wall and raceways). System Configuration: Contractor/Offeror shall configure AV equipment including display settings, audio levels, HDMI distribution, wireless extender setup, and network connectivity. Control System Programming: Contractor/Offeror shall program control interfaces where applicable to enable intuitive operation of AV systems. Testing & Commissioning: Contractor/Offeror shall conduct comprehensive testing of all components and full system to verify functionality and performance. Site Preparation: Site preparation, such as patching walls or conduit installation, is the responsibility of the government unless otherwise specified. Power Requirements: The government will verify adequate power supply and install necessary power distribution units (PDUs). Network Coordination: Collaborate with the government’s IT department to ensure proper network configuration and connectivity. Clean-up: Contractor/Offeror shall remove all packaging, debris, and equipment-related waste, leaving installation sites clean and operational. Project Timeline The Contractor/Offeror shall ensure all commercial grade A/V equipment is on ground with appropriate installation labor to install said equipment with a target completion date of no later than 30 days after award of contract. Warranty All equipment is covered by the respective manufacturers’ standard warranty. Installation workmanship guaranteed for 1 year from project completion. Contractor shall respond to emergency support request withing 48 hours of notification. Exclusions Structural modifications to the building. IT network infrastructure upgrades beyond AV system connectivity. Content creation for digital signage or presentations. Basis of Award: The government intends to award a purchase order to the responsible offerer whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is considered to be the most advantageous to the Government in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, Evaluation will be in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) FAR Part 12.202 and will be based on Best Value to the Government in terms of (i) Technical capability of the item offered to meet the Government requirement; (ii) Price; (iii) Past Performance History. Technical shall be weighted higher than price. To ensure timely and equitable evaluation of quotes, offerers must comply with instructions contained herein. Quotes must be complete, self sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this RFQ. Proposals shall include: (1) Price quote to include itemized description of what is included in the quote (2) detailed specifications and product literature that sufficiently describe the product(s) being offered. (3) Lead time for delivery. Note: Quotes submitted without detailed product information and/or only restate the government provided specification will not be considered acceptable and shall be removed from further consideration. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract; it does not restrict the government's ultimate approach; nor does it obligate the Government to pay for any quote/proposal preparation costs. Only firm fixed price offers will be evaluated. Along with your quote, please provide the country of origin for all products quoted, the Company Name with CAGE Code, TIN, UEI and Company POC with contact information (email and telephone number). Prompt payment discount terms (i.e. Net 30). It is the contractors' responsibility to be familiar with applicable Clauses and Provisions. Clauses and provisions incorporated by reference may be accessed via https://www.acquisition.gov/. Please see attached listing of Clauses and Provisions. Deadline for receipt of your quote is established for no later than 10:00 A.M. Central Daylight Time (CDT), Tuesday 14 April, 2026. Please email quote to reginald.m.clark.civ@army.mil and laurie.c.morris3.civ@army.mil. All questions concerning this requirement must be submitted by Friday, 3 April, 2026, at 10:00 AM CDT. Questions will be answered via an amendment to this solicitation by 7 April, 2026. Questions are to be submitted electronically to reginald.m.clark.civ@army.mil and laurie.c.morris3.civ@army.mii. Please ensure the solicitation number "W9127Q26QA003-Audio Video Equipment and Installation" is included in the subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Reggie Clark
  - Email: reginald.m.clark.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: (601) 387-3067
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Laurie C. Morris
  - Email: laurie.c.morris3.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: (601) 387-3075

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/989fdec098644336838d09cd54684726/view)