---
layout: default
title: Artillery, Chemical Training (ACT)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6521007068ad4c868f90eca32a249b4d
---

# Artillery, Chemical Training (ACT)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 11:45:35.218-04
- Solicitation Number: W900KK26R0011

## Summary

1. DESCRIPTION On behalf of the U.S. Army Program Executive Office for Simulation, Training and Instrumentation (PEO STRI), the Army Contracting Command (ACC) Orlando is issuing this sources sought notice as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in supporting a contract vehicle exclusive for worldwide Life-Cycle Contractor Support (LCCS) for the U.S. Army’s Artillery and Chemical Training (ACT) Training Aids, Devices, Simulations and Simulators (TADSS) devices. Prospective contractor personnel must possess, at a minimum, SECRET security clearance. This update is an invitation to attend the Industry Day for the ACT pre-solicitation introduction. 2. BACKGROUND The Artillery and Chemical Training (ACT) contract is responsible for providing Life-Cycle Contractor Support for the U.S. Army’s Air Defense Artillery, Field Artillery, and Chemical training devices located worldwide. Current locations include Ft. Sill, OK; Ft. Leonard Wood, MO; Ft. Lee, VA; Ft. Bliss, TX; Ft. Bragg, NC; Vilseck, Germany; Camp Humphreys, Korea as well as servicing multiple remote locations. Other supported sites may be added or removed as required by the Government. The ACT training devices are generally categorized as Air Defense Artillery, Field Artillery, or Chemical. a. AIR DEFENSE ARTILLERY (ADA). The ADA TADSS are used to train users in the operation and use of radar systems, employment and use of weapons, and the maintenance and repair of subject systems. b. FIELD ARTILLERY (FA). The FA TADSS are used to train users in the operation, use and maintenance of field radios, simulate firing missions, use of digital communications, and the operation/use of the FA Operations Control Group. c. CHEMICAL. The Chemical TADSS are used to train all aspects of Nuclear, Biological, and Chemical reconnaissance, including the determination of contamination boundaries, chemical agents in the air, mapping of contamination areas, nuclear explosion detections, sample collections, and vehicle navigations. The following list of devices represents the current ACT program and are being considered for this acquisition. While future requirements cannot be predicted, please use the named devices provided below in answering the questions stipulated in paragraph 4 of this notice. ACT devices to be supported include: AIR DEFENSE ARTILLERY (ADA): Improved Moving Target Simulator (IMTS) Counter Rocket Artillery Mortar (C-RAM) Land-based Phalanx Weapon System (LPWS) Operator/Maintainer Trainer (OMT) Family of Systems Stinger Troop Proficiency Trainer (STPT) Family of Systems Avenger Institutional Conduct Of Fire Trainer (I-COFT) Avenger Slew To Cue Table Top Trainer (AT3) Reconfigurable Table Top Trainer (RT3) FIELD ARTILLERY (FA): Call For Fire Trainer (CFFT) Family of Systems High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) Organizational Maintenance Trainer (OMT) Family of Systems Multiple Launch Rocket System (MLRS) Family of Systems Fire Support Combined Arms Tactical Trainer (FSCATT) Family of Systems (Customer Support) CHEMICAL: M93A1 Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Reconnaissance System (NBCRS) Fox Simulator Stryker Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Reconnaissance Vehicle (NBCRV) Virtual Crew Trainer (XM95) OTHER: Stryker Anti-Tank Guided Missile Basic Skills Trainer (ATGM BST) NOTE: “Family of systems” means there are several configurations associated with the named device. The anticipated period of performance is a base period of twelve (12) months, beginning in the first quarter of 2027, with four (4) one-year option periods. The Government is not planning to release the total aggregate dollar value of historical cases at this time as further analysis is being conducted to determine an accurate potential ceiling value for this effort. The Government is considering the following North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement. Sector 54 - Professional, Scientific and Technical Services - 541330 - Engineering Services, with an associated size standard is $15M in average annual receipts. This NAICS code is relevant to the sustainment and I/O support of Army/non-standard TADSS. 3. PROGRAM REQUIREMENT The contractor shall be responsible for providing LCCS services required in multiple CONUS and OCONUS locations. This consists of providing maintenance and logistics support, organizing, coordinating, and controlling program activities. The contractor shall also provide overall on-site management and the capability to coordinate with multiple remote locations in order to ensure compliance with the contract requirements and timely delivery of required products and services to the customer. The contractor shall provide a stable, experienced and knowledgeable workforce familiar with the supported and additional TADSS, as defined. The contractor shall provide the appropriate engineering functions, repairs, system testing, technical oversight, management, and logistical support necessary to maintain and sustain the TADSS and the Material Support Package (MSP) in a fully operational condition. The contractor shall also provide facilities management and required equipment and expertise to provide basic sustainment functions. Other areas the contractor must be prepared to support: a. Program Management Office. The contractor shall provide a Program Management Office (PMO) structure and organization to manage, control, and coordinate requirements of this SOW. The PMO shall be available to facilitate routine discussions with Program Executive Office for Simulation, Training, and Instrumentation (PEO STRI) either in person or through technical means. b. Security. The contractor shall meet all security requirements identified in DD Form 254, local security authority, and as guided by DoD 5220-22M, National Industry Security Program Operation Manual. Contractor personnel working on-site in the TADSS maintenance and operational facility shall possess a security clearance defined by the Government. c. Safety. Contractor personnel, although recognized as employees under administrative control of the contractor, shall be required to comply with federal, state, local Base Commander, and/or authorized representative regarding safety standards and security regulations applicable to the assigned work site. d. Risk Management. The contractor shall continuously monitor and assess the program for risk items that could adversely impact the program’s cost, schedule, performance, problems and issues. The contractor shall discuss the status of risk items and their mitigation during all scheduled conferences, meetings, and reviews. e. Information Management. The contractor shall provide a Commercial off the Shelf (COTS) Management Information System (MIS) in order to collect, store, and manage program management information in real time. This includes maintenance, inventory, etc. The MIS shall be operational and accessible 24-hours a day, seven (7) days a week. The MIS must be available by the end of the phase-in period (PIP)/mobilization. f. Transition Phase-In Period (PIP) / Mobilization. The contractor shall prepare a Transition Plan and shall execute during the transition phase (to be determined). The contractor shall be responsible for providing sufficient experienced personnel during the transition period to ensure services are maintained in accordance with the Performance Work Statement (PWS). g. Storage. The Government will provide the required secure/lockable maintenance and storage facilities. However, the contractor shall be responsible for providing any additional office equipment or furniture not furnished by the Government. h. Flexibility. The Contractor shall be able to add new systems and locations to the contract based upon future fielding(s) and program life-cycle management decisions without a degradation of current maintenance and support services to existing customers. 4. MARKET RESEARCH Companies who want to participate in this market survey are encouraged to submit a white paper which supports the claim that it presently has the qualifications and capabilities to satisfy one or more of the performance and technical objectives described in paragraph 3 of this notice. Contractor responses are limited to ten (10) written pages (MS Word format) and should include the following: a. Company Profile / Capabilities Company profile to include company name, office location(s), DUNS/CAGE Code number, email address, and small/large business status (i.e. - certified 8(a), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned (SDVOSB), Woman-Owned (WOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned (EDWOSB), or certified Hub Zone). Large Businesses ARE permitted to respond to this notice. Company Point of Contact (POC) name, title, office address, phone number and email address. Describe briefly the capabilities of your organization and the nature of the services you provide. Include a description of your background and/or your staff composition to include advanced academic degrees. Please also include professional experience of your staff. The focus of this description of capabilities is to determine if your organization has a deep understanding of training services within the defense industry. Include information about your firm's ability to grow, such as available letters of credit and ability to quickly hire qualified personnel. Prior/current corporate experience performing efforts of similar size and scope within the last three years, including contract number, Government organization supported, indication of whether as a prime or subcontractor, contract values, Government point of contact with current telephone number, and a brief description of how the referenced contract relates to the services described herein. Organization’s ability to have personnel located at OCONUS locations. Does your company currently have employees working full-time, with the appropriate labor law approvals in Alaska, Germany, Hawaii, and/or Korea? If not all locations, identify where and how many employees are at each location. b. Contractor Perspective (Acquisition and Contracting Strategies) What would be your organization’s management approach to staffing this effort with qualified personnel? What is your company's ability to begin performance upon contract award, and/or do you have any recommendations as it relates to a transition period. Are there primary risk areas and/or potential issues associated with an acquisition of this type? How do you propose to mitigate these risk(s)? Identify the contract type (e.g., Firm Fixed Price (FFP), Cost, etc.) you believe is appropriate for this requirement as well as any limitations to your organization’s ability to propose an FFP with Cost provisions contract. Identify how the Government can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition between and among small business concerns. If a trade-off methodology is deemed appropriate in obtaining the best value, what source selection evaluation criteria would your organization recommend for this acquisition? 5. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS There is a 10-page limit for each company white paper submitted. Responses shall be prepared using Microsoft (MS) Word in a format readable and usable, with a 12 font Times New Roman. Responses should include one cover page (inclusive within the 10-page maximum) to include solicitation number, solicitation name, company name, office address, and POCs including phone numbers and e-mail addresses. Data in addition to that which is solicited in paragraph 4 of this notice will not be considered, and no other document formats will be accepted. Interested contractors are requested to submit their responses via email no later than (NLT) 4:30 PM on October 10, 2025. PROPRIETARY DATA: All submittals containing proprietary data must be appropriately marked. It is the respondent's responsibility to clearly define to the Government what is, considered to be, proprietary data. The Government reserves the right to make public any information that would provide clarification on the requirement for industry in preparing proposals. Responders are advised that any data submitted to the Government in response to this notice may be released to non-Government program support contractors for review and analysis. These personnel will have a Non-Disclosure Agreement in place. 6. DISCLAIMER This request for information is published in accordance with FAR Part 15.201(e) and is for PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY. It does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a commitment by the U.S. Government, nor should it be construed as such. Submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; and the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. There shall be no basis for claims against the Government as a result of any information submitted in response to this Source Sought. Respondents are advised that all submissions become government property and will not be returned. The Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted under this source sought notice. This notice can be accessed through the Contract Opportunities (FBO) section of the SAM.gov website at: https://sam.gov/. The Government will continue to provide information, draft documents and other program updates on Beta.SAM.gov website as they become available. SAM.gov is the authoritative source for this requirement. Industry is highly encouraged to monitor this website for future postings. The results of this market survey will contribute to determining the Government’s acquisition strategy. Based on the responses to this notice, this requirement may be set-aside for small businesses (in full or in part) or procured through full and open competition, and multiple awards may be made. This notice is open to any capable and qualified source and partnering is encouraged. All correspondence and questions regarding this notice shall be directed to the Contracting Office POC and Program Office POC listed below: POINT OF CONTACT INFORMATION: Contracts POC: Ruth E. Torres: ruth.e.torres10.civ@army.mil, (520) 714-5519 Program POC: Richard Perez: richard.j.perez14.civ@army.mil, (321) 235-7702

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ruth E. Torres
  - Email: ruth.e.torres10.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 520-714-5519
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: David Hagler
  - Email: david.a.hagler.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 520-714-5666

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6521007068ad4c868f90eca32a249b4d/view