---
layout: default
title: V212--New Wheelchair Solicitation FY26 (VA-26-00001159)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d9b35d27a9134414bac3bd7778e29f7a
---

# V212--New Wheelchair Solicitation FY26 (VA-26-00001159)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 13:29:20.731-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0162
- Awardee: null

## Summary

E.11 SUPPLEMENTAL INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS CONTENT OF PROPOSALS. A complete proposal shall be submitted in two (2) separated volumes as follows: A. VOLUME I Â Factor 1 - Technical (Non-price)Â Â Subfactor 1 Technical Capability StatementÂ Â Subfactor 2 FleetÂ Â Subfactor 3 Company Stability/Longevity Subfactor 4 Wheelchair Van Transportation Experiences Subfactor 5 InsuranceÂ Â Subfactor 6 PersonnelÂ Â Factor 2 - Past Performance (Non-price)Â Â B. VOLUME II Factor 3 PriceÂ Â Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA)Â Â Â The evaluation will consider the following:Â Â Â (1) TECHNICAL (Non-price). The Offeror shall submit a Cover Letter along withÂ Â Volume I, that identifies the Offeror s UEI number, Cage Code, Tax ID number, Address, Telephone, Email, Contact Information. Proposals shall clearly define the work the Offeror proposes to perform, personnel and management capabilities, and the procedures and processes it will use. The Offeror shall not include any price or price-related information in the technical proposal volume. The following factors shall be included in the technical proposal: Â Subfactor 1 - Technical Capability Statement. The Offeror s Technical CapabilityÂ Â Statement must include : A narrative that clearly demonstrates how the services will beÂ performed to meet the Government s requirement found in Price Schedule,Â the associated Performance Work Statement (PWS), and solicitation terms and conditions, and highlight the management and technical approach.Â A timeline that outlines the necessary steps will be taken to become fully operational by the Performance start date.Â Subfactor 2 - Fleet. The Offeror s fleet information shall provide fleet data that includes the quantity, type and capability and equipment for each operational wheelchair van vehicle, per industry standard and State laws and regulations for the geographic areas in which they will perform, in the performance of Wheelchair Van transport services.Â Â Subfactor 3 Company Stability/Longevity: The offeror shall demonstrate stability be providing proof of the following: The offeror must provide proof that the company has been in existence for a minimum of 5 years. In the event two or more companies have merged or absorbed other companies, at least one company involved in the merger must provide proof of establishment 5 years prior to the proposal s due date. Subfactor 4 Wheelchair Van Transportation Experiences: The offeror shall demonstrate poof of experience as the primary contractor for a wheelchair van transportation service contract of similar size, scope and complexity within the last 5 years. Â Subfactor 5 - Insurance. Offerors are required to submit valid and current proof of insurance coverage. The proof can include insurance certificates or other documentation demonstrating compliance with the required insurance types and coverage limits specified in the PWS.Â Subfactor 6 - Personnel. The Offeror must submit copies of valid driver s licenses and driving records for all personnel who will operate vehicles under the contract. The licenses must be valid and in good standing. The records should demonstrate a history of safe driving and be free of major traffic violations within the last five years. Resumes are not required and will not be accepted.Â Â If the Offeror has not yet hired the employees required for the performance of the contract, they must provide a formal statement outlining their plan for hiring and onboarding the necessary personnel. This statement should include: A detailed recruitment plan, including how and when the Offeror intends to hire the necessary personnel. A description of the qualifications and experience the Offeror will seek in future hires. Assurance that all personnel will meet the specified qualifications, including holding valid driver s licenses, having completed relevant training, and possessing clean driving records before commencing any work under the resulting contract. All documents must be provided prior to effective date of the contract. 2) PAST PERFORMANCE (Non-price). The past performance evaluation factor results in an assessment of the Offeror s ability to comply with past performance solicitation requirements and demonstrates to the Government that there is a reasonable expectation that the Offeror will successfully perform the required effort. The evaluation will consider both the relevance and recency (within the past 3 years) of past projects or contracts. The Government defines relevancy as projects or contracts of similar size, scope and complexity.Â Provide up to 3 references that demonstrate your company s PAST PERFORMANCE by including the contract number for the project, a brief description, and a point of contact to include an email address. The information shall be provided in 5 pages or less. Â The absence of past performance data will be rated neither favorably or unfavorably. Therefore, the Offeror shall be determined have unknown past performance. In this context of acceptability or unacceptability , unknown shall be considered acceptable. Â Â Past Performance information may be obtained through the Contractor Performance Assessment Rating System (CPARS), interviews with Program Managers and Contracting Officers, and other sources known to the Government.Â Â Â (3) PRICE. The Offeror s Price proposal shall identify a fixed price for each Contract Line Item (CLIN) per unit of measure and based on an estimated quantity, an extended CLIN price, and total contract price for each performance period and overall total contract price, on the Price Schedule provided in the SF 1449 solicitation. OFFEROR MUST ENSURE THAT ITS PROPOSAL IS SUBMITTED TIMELEY TO ENSURE DELIVERY AND RECEIPT BY THE DUE DATE AND TIME IDENTIFIED IN BOX 8 ON THE SF1449 (Page 1 of the solicitation). LATE PROPOSALS MAY NOT BE ACCEPTED. Questions shall be submitted by: Email to Danfeng.lu@va.gov, cc mark.smith25@va.gov by 1:00 PM EST on 04/15/2026. Proposals shall be submitted by: Email to Danfeng.lu@va.gov, cc mark.smith25@va.gov by 1:00 PM EST on 04/24/2026. -Multiple emails may be submitted if they exceed 10gb, please title documents in order. Type of award: This shared capacity, Multiple Award Firm Fixed Price IDIQ contract will be awarded to the lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the acceptability of standards for non-price factors and requirement of the PWS. (a) Complete Box 12, 17, and 30 of the SF 1449 (Page 1) of the solicitation, and a signed copy of any amendments issued against this solicitation. Provide the legal entity name, address, telephone number and UEI in Box 17. (b) Complete Section B.1.1, contractor POC information. (c) Complete Section B.4 Price/Cost Schedule: You must enter your unit-price quotes for each CLIN. (d) Complete Section C.11.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dan Feng Lu
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: DanFeng.Lu@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d9b35d27a9134414bac3bd7778e29f7a/view)