---
layout: default
title: Multi-Purpose 5 Axis Services M67-510DT - Brand Name or Equal
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: aef4451f46dd47648927ef178f04d44c
---

# Multi-Purpose 5 Axis Services M67-510DT - Brand Name or Equal

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 11:58:56.942-04
- Solicitation Number: 80TECH26QA062

## Summary

This notice is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This notice is being issued as a Request for Quotations (RFQ) under solicitation number 80TECH26QA062 for Brand Name of Equal Thermwood Multipurpose 5-Axis Series M67-510DT System to include installation and training. The provisions and clauses in the RFQ are those in effect through FAC 2026-01. This acquisition is a Total Small Business set-aside. The NAICS Code and Size Standard are 33248 and 750 number of employees, respectively. The quoter shall state in their quote their size status for this acquisition. All responsible sources may submit a quote which will be considered by the agency. Delivery for the items specified in the Statement of Work (SOW) shall be delivered to the following location: NASA Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC) MSFC/EM42 POC: TBD Huntsville, AL 35812 Quotes must include: solicitation number, FOB destination to delivery location, proposed delivery schedule, discount/payment terms, warranty duration (if applicable), taxpayer identification number (TIN), identification of any special commercial terms, and be signed by an authorized company representative. Quoters shall provide the information required by FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items, (DEVIATION DATE – MAR 2026), which is incorporated by reference. Addenda to FAR 52.212-1 are as follows: FAR Part 15 does NOT apply. The Government intends to award an order without further communications with Quoters. Consequently, Quoters are highly encouraged to quote their best technical and pricing quotes in their initial submissions. However, the Government reserves the right to communicate with any or all Quoters submitting a technical and price quote, if it is determined advantageous to the Government to do so. This statement is not to be construed to mean that the Government is obligated to communicate with every Quoter. An Quoter may be eliminated from consideration without further communication if its technical and/or pricing quotes are not among those Quoters considered most advantageous to the Government based on a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable. Interested vendors shall submit a quote for the attached Statement of Work (SOW). By submitting a response to this solicitation, the Quoter has read, understands, and agrees to the order terms and conditions of the RFQ. The attached documentation to this RFQ includes requirement specifications (as a SOW), and the additional terms and conditions that apply to this RFQ and subsequent award. Only the required minimum amount of information is requested to be provided for proper evaluation. Efforts should be made to keep quotations as brief as possible, concentrating on substantive information essential for a proper evaluation. In responding to this RFQ, it is the quoter’s responsibility to provide current, relevant, complete, and accurate information in their quotation. The quotation shall be submitted as a PDF document. Disclosure of Artificial Intelligence (AI) Use During Contract Performance. Offerors are required to disclose any intent to propose, or plan to use, Artificial Intelligence (AI) to perform contract requirements. PRICING INSTRUCTIONS: All costs (including shipping) to deliver the requirements of the attached SOW shall be included in the quote. The quote shall include a total firm fixed price. Delivery shall be within fourteen (14) weeks ARO. Delivery terms shall be FOB Destination BASIS FOR AWARD : The evaluation will be conducted using a Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable process and include all vendors who meet the small business standards specified within this solicitation and whose quotes meet or exceed the technical acceptability standards specified in the attached SOW. Award will be made to the vendor with the lowest total priced quote that meets or exceeds the technical acceptability standards. All quoters shall complete the required RFQ provisions included in the Other RFQ Provisions section of the RFQ. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, is applicable. NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, is applicable. The Center Ombudsman for this acquisition can be found at : https://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/procurement/regs/Procurement-Ombuds-Comp-Advocate-Listing.pdf This posting, in addition to any attached documents, will be available on www.Sam.gov. Potential quoters will be responsible for downloading their own copy of this combination synopsis/solicitation and amendments (if any). All questions must be submitted electronically via email to seliste.c.acres@nasa.gov not later than 04/24/2026 @ 2:00pm(CST). Telephone questions will not be accepted. Responses to this combined synopsis/solicitation must be received by email no later than 3:00pm (CST) on 04/27/2026. The Government is not responsible for any failure attributable to the transmission or receipt of documents submitted using electronic means, including the missing of any established deadlines. Failure to submit a complete electronic quote by the due date and time specified for this RFQ shall result in the quote being inelligble for award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Seliste Acres
  - Email: seliste.c.acres@nasa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/aef4451f46dd47648927ef178f04d44c/view)