---
layout: default
title: 6810--Salt
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: b376f2d8e31347de99a77c3c5ac03c87
---

# 6810--Salt

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 18:29:56.341-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0625
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 6 of 6 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 6 THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) /Â SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUEDÂ SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 325998 (size standard of 650 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing Water Softener Salt. The list of DRAFT characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. Statement of Work (SOW) Requirement: The Department of Veterans Affairs Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System (VAGLAHS) has a requirement to provide salt delivery for softeners and polishers. The pricing shall be a Firm Fixed-Price. Shipping term is FOB Destination; all shipping cost must be included in unit cost. Order will be placed as needed-basis by the using service throughout the period of performance. This contract is for Base plus 2 Option Years. Place of Performance: VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System Building# 295 11301 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90073 Anticipated Period of Performance: Base 6/1/2026 5/31/2027 Option Year 1 6/1/20027-5/31/2028 Option Year 2 6/1/2028-5/31/2029 Deliverables: CLIN Description Quantity UOM 0001 EXTRA COARSE SALT for Water Softener 50 LB 2580 EA 1001 EXTRA COARSE SALT for Water Softener 50 LB 2580 EA 2001 EXTRA COARSE SALT for Water Softener 50 LB 2,580 EA Quantity listed above is the total quantity to be purchased throughout the period of performance. Order shall be placed as needed basis by the using service. Scope of Work: Contractor is responsible for all equipment and materials required to off load salt. Contractor shall: Must be Extra Coarse Salt Must Supply and deliver 50 lbs. bags by pallet. One (1) pallet shall carry 50 bags of 50 lbs. salt; shall not exceed weight limit. Delivery is expected to be made approximately every four (4) weeks. Delivery schedule may increase or decrease depending on salt demand. Delivery must be completed during hours of operation: Monday through Friday 7:00am through 2:00pm, excluding holidays. Order shall be placed every four (4) weeks and quantity/weight of salts may change depending on using service s needs. Usages may vary. Approximately 15,000 ~ 17,500 lbs. of salt or 300 to 375 bags of 50 lbs. of coarse salt is required per each month. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR Â§ 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to victor.oliveros@va.gov Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 17, 2026, by 15:00 Pacific Local Time. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Victor Oliveros
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: victor.oliveros@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b376f2d8e31347de99a77c3c5ac03c87/view)