---
layout: default
title: USAF Safe-to-fly Glove Program
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9aba3012e77449f3b60f9af5054d2e40
---

# USAF Safe-to-fly Glove Program

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 08:22:53.792-04
- Solicitation Number: AFLCMC-ROUK-26-0006

## Summary

General Introduction: This announcement constitutes a Request for Information (RFI) only. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC) Human Systems Division (AFLCMC/ROU) is conducting a market assessment to identify potential sources and companies that may possess the expertise, capabilities, and experience with Air Force Safe-to Fly (StF) Commercial Off the Shelf (COTS) Glove program. AFLCMC is issuing this RFI to develop an expanded listing of Gloves the AF can purchase to and provide a greater variety to USAF Aircrew personnel. The Government is issuing this RFI solely for information and planning purposes. The Government will consider responses to determine the expanded listing for Air Force (AF) Safe-to-Fly registry. This is not a request for a quote, request for proposals (RFP), or an invitation to bid, nor is this to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will not reimburse or pay for any information submitted in response to this RFI or any follow-up information requests. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the responding party’s expense. AFLCMC/ROU is not seeking proposals at this time and will not accept or consider unsolicited proposals. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP. Small Businesses are encouraged to provide responses to this RFI in order to assist AFLCMC/ROU in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry, as well as helping to establish a basis for developing any subsequent small business subcontracting plan goals. An acquisition strategy is still being determined. Market research results will assist the Air Force in determining whether this requirement will be a full and open competition, a small business set-aside, or a sole-source acquisition. If a company is capable of some, but not the entire requirement stated in this Request for Information, please provide a response that explains the requirements for which you are capable. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and the U.S. Government cannot accept any responses to form a binding contract. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor the beta.sam.gov website for any additional information pertaining to this RFI. Respondents are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this inquiry. Respondents shall not construe this announcement as a formal solicitation. It does not commit the government to reply to the information received, or to later publish a solicitation, or to award a contract based on this information. Respondents should also state whether they are interested in being a prime contractor for this requirement or a subcontractor. Purpose: 1. The purpose of this Test Plan is the certification of gloves worn by Air Force (AF) aircrew as Safe-to-Fly (StF). Any application of the below test methods to articles, not readily identified as handwear for AF use, is in violation of its designated use. If applied to articles not readily identified as footwear, all risks and consequences associated with its use in the environment become the responsibility of the individual user(s). All test data and results provided to support COTS StF determinations shall be within one year from the date of submission. 2. STF Definition. All AF StF handwear must conform, at minimum, to the following: Note: NSN gloves managed by Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), including those for other services, can be designated AF StF after a review of the technical requirements in the associated Purchase Description (PD) or Military Specification (MILSPEC) and a StF determination made by the Aircrew Performance Material Leader, equivalent, or appropriately delegated authority. Note: The primary purpose of the gloves is to provide protection against flames and other hand injuries while allowing the aircrew member to accomplish assigned duties within and around the aircraft, even in adverse conditions. a. Color. Glove colors are primarily Sage Green (1641), Foliage Green (504), Desert Tan (499), or Coyote (498). Other colors or combinations of colors, different cloth shell and leather colors such as green fabric with black leather, may be allowed by specification, PD or specific approval of the Aircrew Performance Material Leader, equivalent or appropriately delegated authority. b. Touchscreen. Touchscreen capable leather is required on AF StF gloves. Members shall be able to operate Electronic Flight Bag devices, iPads, smartphones, and other capacitive touchscreen devices, while wearing these gloves. c. Flame Retardant (FR). All AF StF gloves are required to be Flame Resistant in accordance with ASTM D6413 (Test No. 191A, Method 5903). This includes the TS leather and all exterior components of the glove. Underlayers and next-to-skin layers must self-extinguish and not melt nor drip. A modified version of the vertical flame test, where the finished glove material is folded and each end of the specimen is held into the vertical flame chamber in the specimen holder should be completed. The sample naturally forms a “u” shape in the specimen holder. The lower part of the fold of the “u” is placed at the exact same height above the flame as the standard vertical sample placement as required in the test method. d. Water Resistance. The gloves shall be tested for their resistance to rain or water spray in accordance with AATCC 127 Water Resistance: Hydrostatic Pressure Testing. e. Colorfastness. The gloves shall be tested for colorfastness with AATCC-8 (Colorfastness to Crocking), AATCC-62 (Colorfastness to Laundering) and ASTM-D-6012 (Determination of Resistance of Color Leather to Bleeding). 3. Type Glove temperature ranges and associated specifications (MILSPEC and PD). a. Hot weather (>70ºF): Hot weather StF gloves shall comply with the requirements listed in FQ PD-09-02, Gloves, Flyer’s Summer, Type GS/FRP-2 or MIL-DTL-81188. Hot weather gloves are lightweight, FR, unlined (or minimally lined), water resistant, highly dexterous gloves with excellent manipulation of small objects and a good grip. They are often used in Temperate weather conditions. b. Temperate Weather (? 32ºF to 70ºF): Temperate Weather StF gloves comply with some of the requirements listed in PD FQ PD-09-02, Gloves, Flyer’s Summer, Type GS/FRP-2 and/or MIL-DTL-32173A, Glove, Flyer’s, Intermediate Cold, HAU-15/P. Temperate weather gloves are FR and usually are thicker (heavier) than a Type GS/FRP-2 glove. They may have a lining, with or without a small amount of insulation. They may have reinforcing (padded or unpadded) leather at vulnerable sections of the hand (heel of palm, knuckles, etc.). They may be water and/or POL resistant and/or proof. While generally not as dexterous as the Type GS/FRP-2 glove, temperate weather gloves have good dexterity and manipulation of small objects, a good grip and are often subjected to rough use by the user. c. Intermediate Cold/Wet Weather (14ºF to 32ºF): Intermediate cold weather StF gloves shall comply with the requirements of MIL-DTL-32173A, Glove, Flyer’s, Intermediate Cold, HAU-15/P StF gloves. They are TS, FR, water resistant gloves, with some dexterity and ability to manipulate small objects and good grip. They may also be subjected to some rough use. d. Cold weather (-20º to 32ºF): Cold weather StF gloves shall comply with the requirements of MIL-DTL-32094A, Glove, Flyer’s, Cold Protective, HAU-14/P. These are TS, FR, Waterproof gloves that typically have little dexterity or manipulation capability, but some grip. e. Extreme Cold weather (-20ºF to -49ºF, or below): Extreme cold weather gloves shall comply with the requirements of MIL-DTL-32094A, Glove, Flyer’s, Cold Protective, HAU-14/P. These are TS, FR, Water-resistant gloves with enhanced cold protection for the temperature ranges noted. f. Glove Insulation: The amount and type of insulation used will be stated by the vendor/manufacturer. The “clo” (average insulation) value (ASTM C518 Standard Test Method for Steady State Thermal Transmission Properties by Means of the Heat Flow Meter Apparatus) for the insulation used will be determined and reported by the vendor/manufacturer. g. The whole glove clo, tested on a thermal instrumented hand model in accordance with ASTM F1291 Standard Test Method for Measuring the Thermal Insulation of Clothing Using a Heated Manikin, will be tested by the manufacturer, or possibly by the USAF depending on annual test schedule timing and pending availability and authorization of funding. A baseline standard glove of which the proposed glove is intended to replace or improve upon may also be tested concurrently with the proposed candidate. h. Certificate of Compliance (C of C) from a manufacturer’s vendor certifying whole-glove, components, and/or materials meet a PD or MILSPEC requirement, in lieu of a specific test report, may be submitted for consideration for acceptance depending on the intended use and established requirements for each glove type. Data supporting the C of C may be requested. 4. The manufacturer shall identify whether the glove model/style submitted for certification meets Berry Amendment (10 U.S.C 2533a) criteria. Only Berry Amendment compliant materials/capabilities or Berry waivered materials may be submitted for consideration for acceptance. 5. After the initial, or subsequent three-year StF approval, and at the discretion of the Senior Material Leader representative, vendors may submit a recertification memo stating the glove make/model has not changed in materials, nor processing practices, and is still fully Berry Amendment compliant. Reasons for requiring a full StF submission, with sample gloves and all required testing data, versus a memo, are noted discrepancies from the field or other noted or reported discrepancies with the materials and/or processing practices for the glove. RFI Responses: Please provide your responses or questions to Mr. Donald F. Fleury, email: donald.f.fleury.civ@army.mil, phone: 508-206-3071. by 12:00pm EST on 16 June 2026. Title e-mail responses in the subject line of the e-mail as follows: “Response to T-38 ESUP-I2 Request for Information # ROUK-26-0006” Responses shall include the following information: Company/Institute name Address Point of Contact CAGE Code DUNS Number Phone Number E-mail Address Web page URL All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoD contract. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this requirement 315210, if applicable to the company’s capabilities, should be included in the company’s NAICS code listing in SAM. The NAICS Code for this action is 315210, size standard 750 employees. Based on the NAICS Code, state whether your company qualifies as a: a. Small Business (Yes/No) Please limit your responses to no more than 35 pages, to include product sheets, test data, answers to the questions above; identify a representative to support further Government inquiries and requests for clarification of the information provided, if needed. The Government will consider marketing materials an insufficient response to this RFI. Respondents should indicate which portions of their responses are proprietary and mark accordingly, and all proprietary information must be clearly marked on the outside container and on the materials inside. The Government will handle all information properly marked as proprietary information. The Government is not liable for, or suffer any consequential damages, for any proprietary information not properly identified. Questions: The Government will answer responses to questions from interested parties promptly and will post on the beta.sam.gov website, unless some release of proprietary information is involved or the answer addresses a question specific to a company or that company’s response. AF Points of Contact (POCs) for this RFI: Mr. Donald F. Fleury, email: donald.f.fleury.civ@army.mil Phone: 508-206-3071 Contracting Office Address: AFLCMC/WNU Bldg. 12 1981 Monahan Way Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433 The Government will answer all written questions by posting answers to this beta.sam.gov website, except as provided above. Additionally, questions must NOT contain trade secrets or classified information. The Government reserves the right to not address questions received after 16 June 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Donald Fleury
  - Email: donald.f.fleury.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 508-206-3071

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9aba3012e77449f3b60f9af5054d2e40/view)