---
layout: default
title: J065--Service PM & Cleaning Phoropter|
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1688990b257f4bb393bac6fa1e9c9af8
---

# J065--Service PM & Cleaning Phoropter|

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 13:36:33.313-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0360
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, Network Contracting Office 5, is issuing this request for sources sought notice in order to identify vendors that are interested in and capable of providing contractor services. For a contractor to provide preventative maintenance services for the entire fleet of phoropters. For the Washington DC VA Medical Center per Scope of Work. NCO 5 is seeking responses from entities that are interested in this procurement and consider themselves to have the resources, capabilities, and qualifications necessary to provide the services required for the Washington, DC VA Medical Center. Please respond to this RFI/Sources Sought 36C24526Q0360 with your: 1. Business name (including Unique Entity ID (SAM.gov) 2. Business type, socio-economic status (e.g., Veteran-Owned, Woman-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), etc.), and 3. Person of contact (including telephone number & email address). 4. Capability statement and summary of previous experience providing these types of services for the Veterans Health Administration or other similar facilities. 5. Available contract vehicles (GSA FSS, etc.) for use by Department of VA (include applicable NAICS) 6. Brief Summary of categories of services that your company can/cannot provide. 7. Certification(s) / Licenses for meeting the local requirements to provide these services at the DC VAMC (if applicable) 8. Confirmation that your organization has the capability & expertise to meet the performance requirements while complying with applicable limitations in subcontracting by responding to the questions below with your response: a. Do you intend to self-perform this effort? b. If you are located outside the immediate area, how will you self-perform? c. Or do you intend to subcontract work under this contract? d. If you intend to subcontract work under this contract, how will you ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting? Response Instructions: Responses must be submitted by 4:00 PM (ET) Friday 3/27/2026, Responses to the information requested above must be submitted via email to Crystal Brown at Crystal.Brown5@va.gov. Respond: 36C24526Q0360 Sources Sought Notice | Company Name . This request for information/sources sought notice is for planning purposes ONLY and does not constitute a solicitation, responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The results of this market research will assist in the development of (1) the requirement, and (2) the acquisition strategy (e.g., SDVOSB/SDVOSB set-aside, small business set-aside, full and open competition, etc.). VA assumes no responsibility for any costs incurred as a result of a vendor s attendance to the Site-Visit nor the preparation of responses submitted as a result of this notice. Statement of Work Phoropter/Refractor Maintenance Contract GENERAL Scope of Services: The purpose of this requirement is to provide preventative maintenance services for the entire fleet of phoropters at Washington DC VAMC. The Contractor shall provide all labor, personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision and other items and services necessary to annual maintenance. Location(s): Washington DC VA Medical Center, 50 Irving Street NW, Washington, DC 20422 and Charlotte Hall VA Clinic 29640 Three Notch Road Charlotte Hall, MD 20622-3244 WORK HOURS Hours of Operation: Normal business hours are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., excluding holidays. Should the Contractor require work afterhours, the Contractor shall arrange in advance with the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Delivery Hours: The Warehouse is open to receive deliveries Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., excluding holidays. National Holidays: The holidays observed by the Federal Government are: New Year s Day, Martin Luther King Day, President s Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veteran s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day and any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a national holiday. Contractors may work on holidays with prior communication and coordination. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base Year 5/15/2026-5/14/2027 Option Year 1 5/15/2027-5/14/2028 Option Year 2 5/15/2028-5/14/2029 Option Year 3 5/15/2029-5/14/2030 Option Year 4 5/15/2030-5/14/2031 EQUIPMENT (Total of 26 Phoropters) Asset Tag Location Manufacturer Model Name Serial Number 1252312 1E300A REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 21855-08 1287974 1E300B REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 60571-0610 1252076 1E342 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 21645-07 1270909 1E343 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 53477-01 1288002 1E348 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 60539-0510 1236956 1E349 MARCO RT-300 30358 1254108 1E350 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 32309-09 1236169 1E351 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER A33451 1321443 1E355 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 66768-0219 1270897 1E356 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER AU14539 1238181 1E357 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 16196-3 1252074 1E358 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 21519-07 1325297 1E359 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 67514-0820 1342751 1E359A VISION SYSTEMS INC 7500-I AutoCross 034139 1325296 1E361 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 67520-0820 1295395 1E362 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ILLUMINATED 85375-0912 1321441 1E363 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 66779-0219 1309853 1E364 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 60525-0510 1254107 1E365 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 32290-09 1309753 1E366 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ILLUMINATED 85377-0912 1236171 1E368 REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER AY26351 1270920 1E398A REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 53449-01 1270257 1E398C REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 56246-0405 1236173 1E398D REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER AY26221 1291705 Charlotte Hall CBOC REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 61960-0412 1291704 Charlotte Hall CBOC REICHERT OPHTHALMIC INSTRUMENTS ULTRAMATIC RX MASTER 61979-0412 SPECIFICATIONS Preventative Maintenance This contract shall include all preventative maintenance of the equipment according to manufacturer s recommendations/procedures in the equipment manual. All tasks in the manufacturer s procedures shall be completed at the manufacturer s listed frequencies. The maintenance shall include: Check to ensure Phoropters safety screw is installed. Check both halves of phoropter unit is tight. Perform inspection of all knobs, ensure they correlate with correct lens. Notate phoropter serial number, room correlation and EE number identify if differentiates from provided inventory list (above). Clean all lenses, lubricate Geneva clutch assemblies and all bearings. Return and install cleaned phoropter after cleaning service is provided. Scheduling Contractor shall be able to schedule the service within a month of initial request, within reason. Parts/Materials/Tools/Labor All parts and materials to complete the maintenance shall be included as a part of this contract. Contractor shall provide their own tools to complete the maintenance. All labor (including travel) to complete the maintenance is included in the contract. Contractor must use OEM certified parts and service. Use of refurbished parts have to be approved in writing by Biomedical Engineering prior to use. Engineer/technicians must be OEM trained on all equipment included in agreement. Proof of competency to be provided upon request. Check in/Out Contractor personnel arriving on-site to perform work shall report to the Biomedical Engineering Department. Contractor personnel shall sign in using the department s vendor sign in sheet, filling out all required information. Contractor personnel s tool bags are subject to inspection by the Biomedical Engineering department upon arrival and upon departure. Contractor personnel shall sign out upon completion of visit. Prior to departure, Contractor personnel are required to, at a minimum, verbally report any issues with the equipment to the Biomedical Engineering department, especially noting if the system is still down or not fully repaired. The VA campus is non-smoking. Contractor personnel are required to comply with this policy. Parking. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate desig nated park ing areas. Reporting Contractor shall provide a copy of the service report, complete with test data, to the VHAWASHTM@va.gov within three business days after completion of any services. Shall provide a copy of the field service report that will be filled out prior to service Service reports shall include identifying information (SN and EE) about the equipment, all services provided during the service visit, any issues found during the visit, the technician/engineer names of the personnel performing work, and the date service was provided. Patient Health Information The Contractor shall safeguard patient health information. The Contractor shall report to the Biomedical Engineering Department any issues with disclosed or unsecure patient health information. Contractor shall note remove any hard drives, storage devices, or anything containing patient health information from the site. Contractor Requirements All Contractor personnel performing services on the equipment shall have factory training and experience in the maintenance and repair of the equipment. Contractor shall provide copies of training certificates for the Contractor personnel performing work on-site upon the request of the Government. Waste Removal: The contractor is responsible to remove and properly dispose of all waste related to the services provide on-site. Safety and Security Contractor shall follow all Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) laws and regulations. The Contractor is responsible for reporting any hazards they come across to their point of contact. Contractor shall follow all local procedures concerning infection control. Should the Contractor be unsure of the requirements, the COR can provide the specific information and procedures. Contractor personnel shall wear visible identification at all times while on VA property. Contract personnel are required to identify themselves as such to avoid creating an impression in the minds of members of the public that they are Government officials. Property Damage The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any Government property. The contractor shall report any damages immediately and shall be assessed current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor, unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (i.e., trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the Government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer. Chemical Use Prior to performance of any work, the Contractor will be required to furnish the Contracting Officer with the trade names (if any) and chemical names of all chemicals to be used, along with a label showing contents, the use strength of the chemical as applied, and the antidote thereto. Contractor shall furnish the same information each time a change is made to the chemicals or products used in the performance of this contract. This information is required for emergency treatment in the event of ingestion or and/or contact with the material by humans. QUALITY ASSURANCE End-users, Biomedical Engineering, and/or the contract COR shall perform system verification tests to ensure the system is fully functional following service/repairs. Issues with the quality of the Contractor s work will be communicated through the Contracting Officer to the Contractor point of contact for resolution. Documentation with be completed in the Government systems. Invoicing/Payment Noncontract Charges: The contractor shall not perform any service that will result in additional charges without prior approval from the Contracting Officer. Payment: Payment will be made in arrears, and upon receipt of a properly prepared invoice which references the period for which payment is due, the equipment covered, the contract number and/or assigned purchase order number. The invoice must include the correct payment address, PO# and date of service performed. GUARANTEE: The contractor will guarantee workmanship and all parts furnished by the contractor for a period of not less than 90 days. PRIOR INSPECTION OF EQUIPMENT: Potential contractors may, at their own expense, inspect equipment covered by this solicitation (ref 52.237-1 SITE VISIT). Arrangements must be made in advance with Biomedical Engineering. Failure to carry out the above procedures will be considered as a failure to document the service visit and will constitute a failure to perform.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Crystal.Brown5@va.gov
  - Title: Crystal Brown, Contracting Officer
  - Email: crystal.brown5@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1688990b257f4bb393bac6fa1e9c9af8/view)