---
layout: default
title: Miscellaneous Environmental and Cultural Resource Management Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f867e8d779714a8283ddf4f914ec591c
---

# Miscellaneous Environmental and Cultural Resource Management Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 12:04:08.525-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PL26S0015

## Summary

This SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE is for information only. Replies by interested parties will be used by the Los Angeles District (SPL), USACE for preliminary planning purposes. No proposal or contract will be awarded from this notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow-up information requests. The intent of this notice is to gather information on firms interested in a potential Multiple Award Task Order Contract (MATOC) to procure a wide range of environmental and cultural resource management services to support projects and programs primarily throughout SPL civil works and military boundaries, which span Southern California, Southern Nevada, Southwestern Utah, and Arizona. This MATOC will secondarily support projects and programs throughout the broader South Pacific Division boundaries of the USACE, including the Sacramento, San Francisco, and Albuquerque Districts. Everything contained in this sources sought is subject to change MATOC Scope: Environmental and cultural resource tasks under this potential MATOC include those associated with water resources-related infrastructure projects, including flood risk management, navigation improvements, shoreline protection, and ecosystem restoration, as well as military construction projects and environmental remediation of properties that were formerly owned by or leased to the Government. Additionally, this potential MATOC will support master plan development, which includes creating public recreation opportunities and associated mitigation efforts. Scope of Services Being Sought Include the Following: A. Environmental Services: -Research and literature services -Vegetation and habitat assessment and evaluation -Intensive species surveys, monitoring, and special studies -Construction monitoring -Habitat restoration and mitigation, including site design and implementation -Mapping and GIS services -General environmental coordination -Investigations related to Comprehensive Environmental Response, Comprehensive and Liability Actor CERCLA -Production of reports, data compendia and exhibits -Biological Assessments (BAs), Environmental Assessments (EAs), Supplemental Environmental Assessments (SEAs), Environmental Impact Statements (EISs), EIS Addendums, Mitigation Action Plans (MPAs) and other NEPA-related supporting documents and notices B. Cultural Services -Cultural resources records and literature searches -Reconnaissance studies and intensive surveys -Testing and evaluation of cultural sites -Mitigation through data recovery and analysis -Construction monitoring -Facilitating tribal consultation meetings -Ethnographic studies and other related research -Assessment of historic architecture and built environment resources Notes: -Contractor knowledge of the USACE six step planning process used for feasibility planning studies and the Principles and Requirements for Federal Investments in Water Resources (or PR&G) that are intended to provide a common framework for analyzing a diverse range of water resources projects, programs, activities, and related actions involving Federal investment is a plus. -Contractor qualifications must include proof of adequate resources (e.g., sufficient personnel, appropriate disciplines on staff, vehicles for travel, field and laboratory equipment) necessary to successfully perform the range of environmental and cultural services described herein. The Government is seeking to identify qualified sources either singularly or as part of an assembled team under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 541330-Engineering Services, which has a small business size standard of $25.5M MATOC Ceiling: $25M (current estimate) Period of Performance: 5-Year Ordering Period In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, small business prime contractors will not pay more than 50% (services) of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Interested sources shall submit a capability statement demonstrating ability to perform the work in the Scope of Services as described above. Minimum capabilities required include previous experience with task orders of similar scope, magnitude, and complexity. Responses, not to exceed a total of six pages (not including CPARS), must include the following information: Offerors name, address, point of contact, with telephone numbers, and email addresses. Business size/classification, to include any designations as a Small Business, HUBZone, Service Disabled, Veteran Owned, Women-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), in addition to others, and NAICS code designations. Past experience on individual projects of similar scope, magnitude, and complexity to what is described in the MATOC Project Scope, describing no more than three (3) projects that are complete or at least 50% complete from within the past six (6) years. Examples from within the Los Angeles District footprint are encouraged. Description of experience on projects to include: (Project title, location, and general description to demonstrate direct relevance to the described MATOC scope)(Percentage of offerors’ role and work scopes self-performed versus subcontracted)(Dollar value of each task order)(Name of company, agency, or Government entity for which the work was performed (include reference name, contact phone number and e-mail address for each task order described). Examples provided MUST have a dollar value greater than $500,000 For any past experience described, also provide CPARS or related ratings information for that particular experience. *The ratings information does NOT count towards the page count. Work scopes self-performed vs subcontracted and percentage of self-performed vs subcontracted. If past performance was as a JV, indicate which scopes was performed by which JV member If submitting as a JV, please include information about the JV (mentor-protégé agreement, JV agreement, etc) For the past experience given, provide CPARS or related ratings information. The ratings info does not count towards the page count.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Roger Minami, Procurement Analyst
  - Email: kinya.r.minami@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f867e8d779714a8283ddf4f914ec591c/view)