---
layout: default
title: INL Colombia Navy AI Equipment
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 70a5dc98df144ca79d595494c4fb5fa6
---

# INL Colombia Navy AI Equipment

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 14:49:17.272-04
- Solicitation Number: 191NLE26I0016

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice: 19INLE26I0016 - INL Colombia Navy AI Equipment (PCS: 7B22; NAICS: 334111) Background: The U.S. Embassy's International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) Section in Bogotá, Colombia, seeks to support the Colombian Navy in implementing an artificial intelligence (AI) server-based architecture system designed to enhance interdiction capabilities. Colombia produces an estimated 2,600 metric tons of cocaine annually, with the majority smuggled out of the country via riverine corridors leading to the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean sea. The computer hardware and software outlined in this Statement of Work will be donated to the Colombian Navy. This Sources Sought notice is issued for planning market research purposes only, and does not constitute a solicitation for proposals, offers, bids, and/or quotes. This is not an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation, or confirmation that the Government will contract for the items contained in the Sources Sought, nor is any commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract implied. Responses to this notice will assist the Government in identifying potential sources and in determining if a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Small Disadvantaged Businesses 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zone Small Business (HUBZone), or Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) set-aside of the solicitation is appropriate, and to determine if potential vendors will be able to meet a strict delivery timeline. Respondents are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Sources Sought. Responses to this notice will not be returned. The following information is requested in this RFI/Sources Sought: 1. Company name, point of contact, phone number, and address; 2. UEI Number and CAGE Code; 3. Interest in nature of participation [e.g., prime contractor, teaming partner, primary subcontractor]; 4. SDVOSB/HUBZONE/8(a)/WOSB or other SBA certification for applicable NAICS; 5. Statement of capabilities applicable to this requirement; particularly the ability to meet a strict delivery timeline of 90 calendar days from the award date with server installation within 10 days of acceptance of equipment in Colombia. Interested contractors may provide the above information via e-mail to the addresses listed below. Information submitted must be in sufficient detail as to allow for a thorough government review of the firm's interest and capabilities. This information is due no later than Friday, March 27, 2026 2:00 PM EST. Primary Point of Contact: Michele Coccovizzo Senior Contract Support Specialist CoccovizzoML@state.gov Secondary Point of Contact: Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer TimmonsJ@state.gov Scope Of Work The Contractor shall provide to the U.S. Government new, not previously used, equipment in strict compliance with the specifications at the agreed upon firm fixes price. All equipment shall be new and not previously used. If brand name is not used, technical specification sheets are required to be submitted prior to equipment approval and acceptance to ensure it meets minimal technical specifications. SEE ATTACHED DRAFT STATEMENT OF WORK FOR FULL TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DELIVERY The Government shall have up to fifteen (15) business days, unless specifically denoted below or extended by notification, to review each deliverable product and provide oral and written comments. The Contractor shall review and incorporate comments or implement directed changes, after discussion or clarification with the designated COR, and, if necessary, submit a final version of the product no later than ten (10) business days thereafter. Partial deliveries may be considered and previously approved by the US Government. Shipping to delivery address including loading at contractor’s facilities and unloading at the designated location. For Local Vendors: BODEGA INL - Calle 22B No. 32-62, Barrio Cundinamarca, Bogota-Colombia For US Vendors: GOLDBELT SECURITY, LLC. 10800 NW 21st Street, Suite 100 Miami, FL 33172 USA – Richard.issa@goldbeltfed.com. WARRANTY The offeror must provide within 15 days of notification of a warranty action the required information to facilitate shipping of warranty items to manufacturer. During the warranty period, the contractor must respond to any technical requests over the phone or e-mail within two hours. During the warranty period, the contractor must repair the equipment to operational condition in a maximum response time of 48 hours, at the Naval Intelligence building. If INL receives a warranty claim for any product(s), it will be sent to the vendor’s location to perform an evaluation, with no charge to INL, to verify the status of the claim and the product. If the warranty department of the vendor determines that the product has a defect covered under the warranty, vendor must replace. INL is not responsible for any transportation charges. Replacement products must be in new condition. With the exception of the case (or cases) when the warranty period is an explicit requirement in the item description, all the products listed must be warrantied for at one (1) year before its due date and warranty, otherwise, the specified period will apply. If INL receives a warranty claim for any product(s), it will be sent to the vendor’s location to perform an evaluation, with no charge to INL, to verify the status of the claim and the product. If the warranty department of the vendor determines that the product has a defect covered under the warranty, vendor must replace. INL will not be responsible for any transportation charges related to warranty service. The items delivered must have at a minimum 12-month warranty from date of delivery, with a locally supported general warranty. If INL has a warranty claim for defective equipment, the item in question shall be delivered at no charge to INL to the nearest vendor’s location for evaluation, repair and if required replacement in kind. Every warranty request and determination shall be agreed and resolved between INL and the contractor. Contractor shall consult with INL to establish the level of warranty response. CUSTOMS CLEARANCE AND TAX EXEMPTIONS All goods and services shall be provided with tax exemption, under no circumstance INL/DOS will be paying VAT, income, entrance or any other related tax for this order. The U.S. Government (USG) will assist the contractor in obtaining customs clearance and tax (IVA) exemption certificates from the Government of Colombia. INSPECTION, ACCEPTANCE AND PAYMENTS The payment(s) to the Contractor shall be made following satisfactory inspection and acceptance of products by INL. If the items or some item does not fulfill requested technical specifications, INL shall return the items to vendor with no cost to INL Bogota. The vendor shall evaluate and replace returned items with no transportation cost to INL. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE (POP) or ESTIMATED DELIVERY DATE Vendor must fulfill the contract and deliver 100% of the items requested within 90 days ARO. Server installation to be completed within 10 days of confirmed delivery. POINTS OF CONTACT TBD

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michele Coccovizzo
  - Email: coccovizzoML@state.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jamillah Timmons
  - Email: timmonsj@state.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/70a5dc98df144ca79d595494c4fb5fa6/view)