---
layout: default
title: 7310--NX EQ Combi Oven (VA-26-00041205)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 99356561c969433c8229baf54e081d4e
---

# 7310--NX EQ Combi Oven (VA-26-00041205)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 13:51:38.158-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26R0019
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice *= Required Field Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Solicitation Number: 36C10X26R0019 Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Synopsis: COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for brand name or equal commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 36C10X26R0019 is issued for this combined synopsis/solicitation; this solicitation is being issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP). This combined synopsis/solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2024-07, dated August 29, 2024. Requirement Description: VA has a requirement to purchase Combi Ovens to deliver patient care at its VA Medical Centers around the country. Gas or Electric Combi Ovens are thermally insulated chambers used in cooking for warming, cooking, and baking food, typically fueled by either natural gas or electricity. Food service ovens have thermostatic controls, which turn the oven on and off and select the temperature at which the oven will operate, and, usually, a timer. Food service ovens may have complex, computer-based controls allowing a wide variety of operating modes. They may be freestanding or countertop units. A single award Requirements contract will be awarded IAW FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal in accordance with all terms, conditions, provisions, specifications, and schedule of this solicitation herein. Offers shall contain the terms for cost/price and technical capabilities of the brand name or equal equipment. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 333241 Food Product Machinery Manufacturing: 6240 Code: 7310 FOOD COOKING, BAKING, AND SERVING EQUIPMENT and the associated size standard is 500 employees. This procurement action is issued as Full and Open. This acquisition is for a single award Requirements contract in accordance with FAR Part 16.5 for Rational® brand name or equal COMBI OVEN and related equipment and accessories as identified in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ COMBI OVEN. All interested companies shall provide a offer for all Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs) listed in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ COMBI OVEN and paragraph 2 below. The ordering period is for one 12-month base year with four 12-month option years. Delivery is FOB destination. Firm-Fixed Price Orders will be placed against this contract in writing and will provide the delivery locations, delivery dates and exact quantities. The FAR provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition including attached addenda (ATTACHMENT D) to the provision. The FAR provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and the specific evaluation criteria as attached addenda (ATTACHMENT D) also applies to this acquisition. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. Clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause. Addendum is attached (ATTACHMENT D). Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding which, if any, of the additional FAR clauses cited in the clause are applicable to the acquisition. Addendum is attached (ATTACHMENT C). All interested offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting a offer. You may access SAM at https://sam.gov/SAM/. Questions regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation are due via email by 9:00 AM ET on April 22, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Michael Andrews at Michael.Andrews6@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov. No calls will be accepted. Offers are due via email by 9:00 AM ET on May 5, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Michael Andrews at Michael.Andrews6@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov. 1. SCOPE OF WORK The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment (NX) National Program has identified the COMBI OVEN product line as a candidate for inclusion in the National Equipment Catalog (NEC). This will be accomplished via the awarding of a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single award Requirements contract. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The objective is to provide Combi Ovens to be used by clinicians throughout the VA medical centers and facilities. The period of performance is for a base of 12-months with four 12-month option periods. 2. REQUIREMENT This requirement will be IAW FAR clause 52.211-6, Brand Name or Equal (BNOE) which requires the quoter to indicate that each product is being offered as an equal product to the Rational iCombi® Pro and Combi Oven. For each equal product, the Offeror must include a description reflecting the salient characteristics (SC) and level of quality that will satisfy the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics of the equal product(s) specified in the solicitation. The Offeror must also clearly identify the item by brand name (if any) and make/model number. Finally, the Offeror must include descriptive literature, such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer and clearly describe any modifications it plans to make to a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements. Contract Line Items Manufacturer Part Number Description 0001 Rational LM100EE RATIONAL Model No. ICP 10 FULL E 208/240V 3 PH (LM100EE) (CE1ERRA.0000221) iCombi Pro® 10 Full Size Combi Oven, electric, (10) 18" x 26" sheet pan or (20) 12" x 20" steam pan or (10) 2/1 GN pan capacity, (5) stainless steel grids included, intelligent cooking system with (4) assistants; iDensityControl, iCookingSuite, iProductionManager, & iCareSystem, (6) operating modes, (5) cooking methods, (3) manual operating modes, 85° to 572°F temperature range, quick clean, care control, eco mode, 6 point core temperature probe, retractable hand shower, Ethernet interface, Wi Fi enabled, 208/240v/60Hz/3 ph, 103.8/90.0 amps, 37.4 kW, CE, IPX5, UL, cULus, NSF, ENERGY STAR ® 0001AA Rational Parts and Labor Warranty 2 years parts and labor, 5 years steam generator warranty 0001AB Rational CAP Chef Assistance Program CAP Chef Assistance Program, a RATIONAL certified Chef conducts 4 hours/location specialized application training with personnel, no charge 0001AC Rational

9999.2002 Pre Installation, Site Consultation, provides an installation consultation to ensure the site has proper space and connections for gas, electric, drain & water, one (1) Consultation is needed for every four (4) cooking systems, add in one (1) kitchen , includes 100 miles (200 miles round trip). (see attached installation flyer for details) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0001AD Rational

9999.2201 RCI RATIONAL Certified Installation, new certified installation for each individual electric table top iCombi on a stand or counter, 100 miles (200 round trip) included. (Do not use for Combi Duo, See attached installation flyer for details) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0001AE Rational 8720.2554US Install Kit 0001AF Rational 1900.1159US Water Filtration Single Cartridge System, for any single combi model, or XS & half size Combi Duos, or iVario includes: (1) single head with pressure gauge, R95 CLX filter & (1) filter installation kit 0001AG Rational

9999.2271 RCI RATIONAL Certified Installation, additional installation cost for a RATIONAL Water Filter System is available when purchased with Certified Installation of RATIONAL unit THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) The RATIONAL Water Filtration Systems helps provide consistent high quality water to your RATIONAL cooking systems. The patented carbon block technology reduces the effects of sediment, chloramines, and chlorine while delivering the required flow rates. All public water systems using surface water and most ground water systems treat with either chlorine/chloramine or chlorine dioxide (EPA will allow levels as high as 4ppm safe for drinking water, exceeding our maximum level of .2ppm. Chloride concentrations above 80ppm can cause corrosion. RATIONAL Water Filtration does NOT reduce chloride 0001AH Rational 56.01.535 Active Green Cleaner Tabs, for all iCombi Pro/Classic, 150 pieces/bucket (minimum order quantity 2 ea, unless ordered with a unit) (NET) 0001AI Rational 56.00.562 Care Tabs, bucket of 150 packets for all iCombi Pro/Classic models and Self Cooking Center® units from 10/2008, with Care Control Serial SG, SH or SI series (minimum order quantity: 2pcs, unless ordered with a unit) (NET) 0001AJ Rational 60.31.090 Stand I Stationary Oven Stand, 27 1/2"H, all sides open, stainless steel construction, for iCombi 6 and 10 full size Classic/Pro 0001AK Rational

6010.2101 Gastronorm Grid Shelf, 2/1 size, 25 5/8" x 20 7/8", stainless steel 0002 Rational LM100GG RATIONAL Model No. ICP 20 FULL NG 208/240V 1 PH (LM100GG) (CG1GRRA.0000245) iCombi Pro® 20 Full Size Combi Oven, natural gas, (20) 18" x 26" sheet pan or (40) 12" x 20" steam pan or (20) 2/1 GN pan capacity, mobile oven rack & (10) stainless steel grids included, intelligent cooking system with (4) assistants; iDensityControl, iCookingSuite, iProductionManager, & iCareSystem, (6) operating modes, (5) cooking methods, (3) manual operating modes, 85° to 572°F temperature range, quick clean, care control, eco mode, 6 point core temperature probe, retractable hand shower, Ethernet interface, Wi Fi enabled, 303,500 BTU, 208/240v/60Hz/1 ph, 6 ft. cord, 2.2 kW, CE, IPX5, cCSAus, NSF, ENERGY STAR ® 0002AA Rational Parts, and Labor Warranty 2 years parts and labor, 5 years steam generator warranty 0002AB Rational CAP Chef Assistance Program CAP Chef Assistance Program, a RATIONAL certified Chef conducts 4 hours/location specialized application training with personnel, no charge 0002AC Rational

9999.2002 Pre Installation, Site Consultation, provides an installation consultation to ensure the site has proper space and connections for gas, electric, drain & water, one (1) Consultation is needed for every four (4) cooking systems, add in one (1) kitchen , includes 100 miles (200 miles round trip). (see attached installation flyer for details) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0002AD Rational

9999.2212 RCI RATIONAL Certified Installation, new certified installation for each gas floor iCombi, 100 miles (200 round trip) included. (See attached installation flyer for details) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0002AE Rational 8720.1561US Installation Kit, for gas iCombi/SCC/CMP 102G (208 240/60Hz/1ph); gas iCombi/SCC/CMP 201G (120/60Hz/1ph); gas iCombi/SCC/CMP 202G (208 240/60Hz/1ph) THIS ITEM IS NONDISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0002AF Rational 1900.1159US Water Filtration Single Cartridge System, for any single combi model, or XS & half size Combi Duos, or iVario includes: (1) single head with pressure gauge, R95 CLX filter & (1) filter installation kit 0002AG Rational

9999.2271 RCI RATIONAL Certified Installation, additional installation cost for a RATIONAL Water Filter System is available when purchased with Certified Installation of RATIONAL unit THIS ITEM IS NON-DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) The RATIONAL Water Filtration Systems helps provide consistent high quality water to your RATIONAL cooking systems. The patented carbon block technology reduces the effects of sediment, chloramines, and chlorine while delivering the required flow rates. All public water systems using surface water and most ground water systems treat with either chlorine/chloramine or chlorine dioxide (EPA will allow levels as high as 4ppm safe for drinking water, exceeding our maximum level of .2ppm. Chloride concentrations above 80ppm can cause corrosion. RATIONAL Water Filtration does NOT reduce chloride 0002AH Rational 56.01.535 Active Green Cleaner Tabs, for all iCombi Pro/Classic, 150 pieces/bucket (minimum order quantity 2 ea, unless ordered with a unit) (NET) 0002AI Rational 56.00.562 Care Tabs, bucket of 150 packets for all iCombi Pro/Classic models and Self Cooking Center® units from 10/2008, with Care Control Serial SG, SH or SI series (minimum order quantity: 2pcs, unless ordered with a unit) (NET) 0002AJ Rational

6010.2101 Gastronorm Grid Shelf, 2/1 size, 25 5/8" x 20 7/8", stainless steel 0003 Rational LM100GE RATIONAL Model No. ICP 20 FULL E 208/240V 3 PH (LM100GE) (CG1ERRA.0000227) iCombi Pro® 20 Full Size Combi Oven, electric, (20) 18" x 26" sheet pan or (40) 12" x 20" steam pan or (20) 2/1 GN pan capacity, mobile oven rack & (10) stainless steel grids included, intelligent cooking system with (4) assistants; iDensityControl, iCookingSuite, iProductionManager, & iCareSystem, (6) operating modes, (5) cooking methods, (3) manual operating modes, 85° to 572°F temperature range, quick clean, care control, eco mode, 6 point core temperature probe, retractable hand shower, Ethernet interface, Wi Fi enabled, 208/240v/60Hz/3 ph, 188.5/163.3 amps, 67.9 kW, IPX5, UL, cULus, NSF, ENERGY STAR ® 0003AA Rational Parts and Labor Warranty 2 years parts and labor, 5 years steam generator warranty 0003AB Rational CAP Chef Assistance Program CAP Chef Assistance Program, a RATIONAL certified Chef conducts 4 hours/location specialized application training with personnel, no charge 0003AC Rational

9999.2002 Pre Installation Site Consultation provides an installation consultation to ensure the site has proper space and connections for gas, electric, drain & water, one (1) Consultation is needed for every four (4) cooking systems, add in one (1) kitchen , includes 100 miles (200 miles round trip). (see attached installation flyer for details) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0003AD Rational

9999.2202 RCI RATIONAL Certified Installation, new certified installation for each electric floor iCombi, 100 miles (200 roundtrip) included. (See attached installation flyer for details) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0003AE Rational 8720.1564US Installation Kit, for electric 20 full size (240/60Hz/3ph) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0003AF Rational 1900.1159US Water Filtration Single Cartridge System, for any single combi model, or XS & half size Combi Duos, or iVario includes: (1) single head with pressure gauge, R95 CLX filter & (1) filter installation kit 0003AG Rational

9999.2271 RCI RATIONAL Certified Installation, additional installation cost for a RATIONAL Water Filter System is available when purchased with Certified Installation of RATIONAL unit THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) The RATIONAL Water Filtration Systems helps provide consistent high quality water to your RATIONAL cooking systems. The patented carbon block technology reduces the effects of sediment, chloramines, and chlorine while delivering the required flow rates. 0003AH Rational 56.01.535 Active Green Cleaner Tabs, for all iCombi Pro/Classic, 150 pieces/bucket (minimum order quantity 2 ea, unless ordered with a unit) (NET) 0003AI Rational 56.00.562 Care Tabs, bucket of 150 packets for all iCombi Pro/Classic models and Self Cooking Center® units from 10/2008, with Care Control Serial SG, SH or SI series (minimum order quantity: 2pcs, unless ordered with a unit) (NET) 0003AJ Rational 60.22.490 Mobile Oven Rack, type 20 full size Pro/Classic, (20) 24"x 20" pan capacity, 2 1/2" spacing (Grid Shelves sold separately) 0003AK Rational

6015.1165 Gastronorm Perforated Steam Pan, 1/1 size, 12 3/4" x 20 7/8", 2 1/2" deep, stainless steel 0004 Rational LM100EG RATIONAL Model No. ICP 10 FULL NG 208/240V 1 PH (LM100EG) (CE1GRRA.0000240) iCombi Pro® 10 Full Size Combi Oven, natural gas, (10) 18" x 26" sheet pan or (20) 12" x 20" steam pan or (10) 2/1 GN pan capacity, (5) stainless steel grids included, intelligent cooking system with (4) assistants; iDensityControl, iCookingSuite, iProductionManager, & iCareSystem, (6) operating modes, (5) cooking methods, (3) manual operating modes, 85° to 572°F temperature range, quick clean, care control, eco mode, 6 point core temperature probe, retractable hand shower, Ethernet interface, Wi Fi enabled, 152,000 BTU, 208/240v/60Hz/1 ph, 6 ft. cord, 1.5 kW, CE, IPX5, cCSAus, NSF, ENERGY STAR ® 0004AA Rational Parts and Labor Warranty 2 years parts and labor, 5 years steam generator warranty 0004AB Rational CAP Chef Assistance Program CAP Chef Assistance Program, a RATIONAL certified Chef conducts 4 hours/location specialized application training with personnel, no charge 0004AC Rational

9999.2002 Pre Installation Site Consultation provides an installation consultation to ensure the site has proper space and connections for gas, electric, drain & water, one (1) Consultation is needed for every four (4) cooking systems, add in one (1) kitchen , includes 100 miles (200 miles round trip). (see attached installation flyer for details) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE USA ONLY (NET) 0004AD Rational

9999.2211 RCI RATIONAL Certified Installation, new certified installation for each individual gas table top iCombi on a stand or counter, 100 miles (200 round trip) included. (Do not use for Combi Duo, See attached installation flyer for details) THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0004AE Rational 8720.1561US Installation Kit, for gas iCombi/SCC/CMP 102G (208 240/60Hz/1ph); gas iCombi/SCC/CMP 201G (120/60Hz/1ph); gas iCombi/SCC/CMP 202G (208 240/60Hz/1ph) THIS ITEM IS NONDISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) 0004AF Rational 56.01.535 Active Green Cleaner Tabs, for all iCombi Pro/Classic, 150 pieces/bucket (minimum order quantity 2 ea, unless ordered with a unit) (NET) 0004AG Rational 56.00.562 Care Tabs, bucket of 150 packets for all iCombi Pro/Classic models and Self Cooking Center® units from 10/2008, with Care Control Serial SG, SH or SI series (minimum order quantity: 2pcs, unless ordered with a unit) (NET) 0004AH Rational 1900.1159US Water Filtration Single Cartridge System, for any single combi model, or XS & half size Combi Duos, or iVario includes: (1) single head with pressure gauge, R95 CLX filter & (1) filter installation kit 0004AI Rational

9999.2271 RCI RATIONAL Certified Installation, additional installation cost for a RATIONAL Water Filter System is available when purchased with Certified Installation of RATIONAL unit THIS ITEM IS NON DISCOUNTABLE, USA ONLY (NET) The RATIONAL Water Filtration Systems helps provide consistent high quality water to your RATIONAL cooking systems. The patented carbon block technology reduces the effects of sediment, chloramines, and chlorine while delivering the required flow rates. 0004AJ Rational 60.31.090 Stand I Stationary Oven Stand, 27 1/2"H, all sides open, stainless steel construction, for iCombi 6 and 10 full size Classic/Pro 0005 Rational Planned Maintenance Service Plans 0005AA Rational Level 1- Labor only Annual Service 1 planned PM visit/year/unit PM report after each visit Parts not included Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AB Rational Level 1- Labor only Biannual (Semi-Annual) 2 planned PM/ visits/year/unit (includes 1 annual OEM checklist visit + 1 intermediate PM check) PM report after each visit Parts not included Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AC Rational Level 1- Labor only Quarterly 4 planned PM visits/year/unit (includes 1 annual OEM checklist visit + 3 intermediate PM checks) PM report after each visit Parts not included Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AD Rational Level 2- Labor + Parts Annual Includes Level 1 plus Parts allowance (NTE $3,000 per plan year) for parts required to complete planned maintenance and minor corrective actions identified during service (e.g., hoses, O-rings, gaskets, door seals, and other OEM-recommended wear items as applicable Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AE Rational Level 2- Labor + Parts Biannual Includes Level 1 plus Parts allowance (NTE $3,000 per plan year) for parts required to complete planned maintenance and minor corrective actions identified during service (e.g., hoses, O-rings, gaskets, door seals, and other OEM-recommended wear items as applicable Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AF Rational Level 2- Labor + Parts Quarterly Includes Level 1 plus Parts allowance (NTE $3,000 per plan year) for parts required to complete planned maintenance and minor corrective actions identified during service (e.g., hoses, O-rings, gaskets, door seals, and other OEM-recommended wear items as applicable Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AG Rational Level 3- Labor +Parts + Corrective (Unplanned) Visits Annual Includes Level 2, plus: Up to Two (2) corrective/unplanned maintenance visits per plan year, as requested by the VA, to address unexpected issues outside routine PM. Corrective visits include labor and parts, and draw from the Level 2 NTE parts allowance unless the VA requests a separate CLIN for corrective parts. Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AH Rational Level 3- Labor +Parts + Corrective (Unplanned) Visits Biannual Includes Level 2, plus: Up to Two (2) corrective/unplanned maintenance visits per plan year, as requested by the VA, to address unexpected issues outside routine PM. Corrective visits include labor and parts, and draw from the Level 2 NTE parts allowance unless the VA requests a separate CLIN for corrective parts. Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AI Rational Level 3- Labor +Parts + Corrective (Unplanned) Visits Quarterly Includes Level 2, plus: Up to Two (2) corrective/unplanned maintenance visits per plan year, as requested by the VA, to address unexpected issues outside routine PM. Corrective visits include labor and parts, and draw from the Level 2 NTE parts allowance unless the VA requests a separate CLIN for corrective parts. Vendor will coordinate any warranty issues 0005AJ Rational Filters Purchase & replace Annual 1 filter change (labor) with PM 0005AK Rational Filters Purchase & replace Biannual 2 filter changes (labor) with PM 0005AL Rational Filters Purchase & replace Quarterly 4 filter changes (labor) with PM 0005AM Rational Unplanned service visits additional unplanned service visits during regular business hours 0005AN Rational Software Software update checks/updates 0005AO Rational Emergency visits Emergency/After-hours/weekend visits The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide Rational iCombi® Pro Combi Ovens or equal as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics: Vendors may quote any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the salient characteristics. Products quoted in the technical volume must be captured on the Vendor s pricing volume (Attachment A, Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Vendors may quote any additional ancillary products which they deem to be essential to the functionality of the proposed solution; these items must be captured in the Vendor s pricing volume with a quantity of zero. Vendors shall provide descriptive literature which will be used to thoroughly evaluate each proposal to determine the extent to which it meets the Salient Characteristics (SCs) listed in the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice. Vendors are required to complete the highlighted area on the SCs Chart located on the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation document listing the location where compliance to the SCs can be found. The chart must be included with the vendor s submission. Offers which do not include this complete chart will not be considered for award. CLIN s 0001, 0002, 0003, and 0004 apply to SCs 1-10, CLIN 0001AA, 0002AA, 0003AA, and 0004AA apply to SC 7. CLIN 0001AC-AF, 0002AC-AF, 0003AC-AG, 0004AC-AG apply to SC 11. SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS SC Literature Map Rational Alto Shaam SC 1 Must include an integrated intelligent cooking system with temperature probe included Yes, iDensity, iProduction, iCooking, iCareper and has probe per Spec Sheet (pg 1) Yes, ChefLinc , per Spec Sheet and has probe (pg 1) SC 2 Must perform steaming, convection and a combination of steam and convection functions. Yes, per Spec Sheet (pg 1, pg 24, pg 46, pg 62) Yes, per spec sheet (pg 1) SC3 Must have a temperature range of 90°F up to 550°F Yes, temperature range 85-572, per Spec Sheet (pg 1) Yes, temperature range 85-550, per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 4 Must be Energy Star Rated Yes, Energy Star rated per Spec Sheet (pg 3) Yes, Energy Star rated per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 5 Must have programmable cool-down capability, safe steam venting system and locking door Yes, has cool-down feature, rear ventilation and locking door per Spec Sheet (pg 25-26) Yes, has Safe Vent automatic steam venting, and door locks per Spec Sheet, has Programmable coo-down per Quote (pg 1) SC 6 Oven shall include an integrated cleaning program. Yes, iCareSystem per Spec Sheet (pg 1) Yes, has automatic cleaning system per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 7 Warranty: Minimum of 1-year parts and labor warranty, 1 year steam generator warranty 2 years parts and labor, 5-year steam generator warranty, per Quote (pg 1) 1-year parts and labor with the option of an additional year, per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 8 10-20 E/G models: Must hold minimum of (10) 18 x 26 generic full size sheet pans or (20) 12 x 20 steam pans on Mobile Oven Rack 20-20 E/G models: Must hold minimum of (20) 18 x 26 generic full size sheet pans or (40) 12 x 20 steam pans on Mobile Oven Rack (10) full size sheet pans or (20) steam pans with a mobile rack, Per Spec Sheet (pg 1) (20) full size sheet pans or (40) steam pans, per Spec Sheet (pg 24) (10) full size sheet pans or (22) steam pans with a mobile rack, per Spec Sheet (pg 9) (20) full size sheet pans or (40) steam pans with a mobile rack, per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 9 Must provide both gas and electric configurations for 10-20 E/G models and 20-20 E/G models. Spec Sheets Spec Sheets SC 10 Must be capable of temperature monitoring and recording. Yes, per Spec Sheet (pg 1, pg 24, pg 46, pg 62) Yes, per Spec Sheet ( ChefLinc - pg.1, pg. 9) SC 11 Must provide Brand Specific Certified installation to include a pre-installation site visit to evaluate proper connections for gas, electric, drain, and water. Yes, per quote (pg 1) Yes, per quote (pg 1) SC 12 Must provide water filtration system. Yes, per quote (pg 1) Yes, per quote (pg 1) SC 13 Must provide annual service plans Rational Service Blodgett Service SC 14 Must provide post warranty support Rational Service Blodgett Service SC 15 Must provide preventative maintenance services Rational Service Blodgett Service Quality/Construction features and functions of the offered device will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Quality/Construction Terms and conditions of Warranty Terms and conditions of Warranty of steam generator Durability Service Maintenance Options features and functions of the equipment offered will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Service Maintenance Options Terms and conditions of Maintenance plans Service and response time Number of Certified vendors who can perform service and maintenance locally Electrical and Plumbing Specifications features and functions of the equipment offered will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Electrical and Plumbing Specifications Electrical Connections options Plumbing Connections options Installation and Configuration features and functions of the equipment offered will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Installation and Configuration Options Configuration Options Equipment Dimensions User Interface features and ease of use Availability and modes of Training Accessories (i.e. grid shelves, cleaning products) Safety features and functions of the equipment offered will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Safety Features Alarms or alerts Self-testing features Cooking Modes/Options Cleaning Modes/Ease of Cleaning Programmability/Pre-Programed Options Lighting Options The following attachments are incorporated by reference. All criteria outlined in the attachments are applicable to this Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Andrews
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Michael.Andrews6@va.gov
  - Phone: 678-428-5319

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ COMBI OVEN. All interested companies shall provide a offer for all Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs) listed in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ COMBI OVEN and paragraph 2 below. The ordering period is for one 12-month base year with four 12-month option years. Delivery is FOB destination. Firm-Fixed Price Orders will be placed against this contract in writing and will provide the delivery locations, delivery dates and exact quantities. The FAR provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition including attached addenda (ATTACHMENT D) to the provision. The FAR provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and the specific evaluation criteria as attached addenda (ATTACHMENT D) also applies to this acquisition. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. Clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause. Addendum is attached (ATTACHMENT D). Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding which, if any, of the additional FAR clauses cited in the clause are applicable to the acquisition. Addendum is attached (ATTACHMENT C). All interested offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting a offer. You may access SAM at https://sam.gov/SAM/. Questions regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation are due via email by 9:00 AM ET on April 22, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Michael Andrews at Michael.Andrews6@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov. No calls will be accepted. Offers are due via email by 9:00 AM ET on May 5, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Michael Andrews at Michael.Andrews6@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov. 1. SCOPE OF WORK The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment (NX) National Program has identified the COMBI OVEN product line as a candidate for inclusion in the National Equipment Catalog (NEC). This will be accomplished via the awarding of a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single award Requirements contract. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The objective is to provide Combi Ovens to be used by clinicians throughout the VA medical centers and facilities. The period of performance is for a base of 12-months with four 12-month option periods. 2. REQUIREMENT This requirement will be IAW FAR clause 52.211-6, Brand Name or Equal (BNOE) which requires the quoter to indicate that each product is being offered as an equal product to the Rational iCombi® Pro and Combi Oven. For each equal product, the Offeror must include a description reflecting the salient characteristics (SC) and level of quality that will satisfy the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics of the equal product(s) specified in the solicitation. The Offeror must also clearly identify the item by brand name (if any) and make/model number. Finally, the Offeror must include descriptive literature, such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer and clearly describe any modifications it plans to make to a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements. Contract Line Items Manufacturer Part Number Description 0001 Rational LM100EE RATIONAL Model No. ICP 10 FULL E 208/240V 3 PH (LM100EE) (CE1ERRA.0000221) iCombi Pro® 10 Full Size Combi Oven, electric, (10) 18" x 26" sheet pan or (20) 12" x 20" steam pan or (10) 2/1 GN pan capacity, (5) stainless steel grids included, intelligent cooking system with (4) assistants; iDensityControl, iCookingSuite, iProductionManager, & iCareSystem, (6) operating modes, (5) cooking methods, (3) manual operating modes, 85° to 572°F temperature range, quick clean, care control, eco mode, 6 point core temperature probe, retractable hand shower, Ethernet interface, Wi Fi enabled, 208/240v/60Hz/3 ph, 103.8/90.0 amps, 37.4 kW, CE, IPX5, UL, cULus, NSF, ENERGY STAR ® 0001AA Rational Parts and Labor Warranty 2 years parts and labor, 5 years steam generator warranty 0001AB Rational CAP Chef Assistance Program CAP Chef Assistance Program, a RATIONAL certified Chef conducts 4 hours/location specialized application training with personnel, no charge 0001AC Rational
- Attachment 2: , Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Vendors may quote any additional ancillary products which they deem to be essential to the functionality of the proposed solution; these items must be captured in the Vendor s pricing volume with a quantity of zero. Vendors shall provide descriptive literature which will be used to thoroughly evaluate each proposal to determine the extent to which it meets the Salient Characteristics (SCs) listed in the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice. Vendors are required to complete the highlighted area on the SCs Chart located on the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation document listing the location where compliance to the SCs can be found. The chart must be included with the vendor s submission. Offers which do not include this complete chart will not be considered for award. CLIN s 0001, 0002, 0003, and 0004 apply to SCs 1-10, CLIN 0001AA, 0002AA, 0003AA, and 0004AA apply to SC 7. CLIN 0001AC-AF, 0002AC-AF, 0003AC-AG, 0004AC-AG apply to SC 11. SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS SC Literature Map Rational Alto Shaam SC 1 Must include an integrated intelligent cooking system with temperature probe included Yes, iDensity, iProduction, iCooking, iCareper and has probe per Spec Sheet (pg 1) Yes, ChefLinc , per Spec Sheet and has probe (pg 1) SC 2 Must perform steaming, convection and a combination of steam and convection functions. Yes, per Spec Sheet (pg 1, pg 24, pg 46, pg 62) Yes, per spec sheet (pg 1) SC3 Must have a temperature range of 90°F up to 550°F Yes, temperature range 85-572, per Spec Sheet (pg 1) Yes, temperature range 85-550, per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 4 Must be Energy Star Rated Yes, Energy Star rated per Spec Sheet (pg 3) Yes, Energy Star rated per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 5 Must have programmable cool-down capability, safe steam venting system and locking door Yes, has cool-down feature, rear ventilation and locking door per Spec Sheet (pg 25-26) Yes, has Safe Vent automatic steam venting, and door locks per Spec Sheet, has Programmable coo-down per Quote (pg 1) SC 6 Oven shall include an integrated cleaning program. Yes, iCareSystem per Spec Sheet (pg 1) Yes, has automatic cleaning system per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 7 Warranty: Minimum of 1-year parts and labor warranty, 1 year steam generator warranty 2 years parts and labor, 5-year steam generator warranty, per Quote (pg 1) 1-year parts and labor with the option of an additional year, per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 8 10-20 E/G models: Must hold minimum of (10) 18 x 26 generic full size sheet pans or (20) 12 x 20 steam pans on Mobile Oven Rack 20-20 E/G models: Must hold minimum of (20) 18 x 26 generic full size sheet pans or (40) 12 x 20 steam pans on Mobile Oven Rack (10) full size sheet pans or (20) steam pans with a mobile rack, Per Spec Sheet (pg 1) (20) full size sheet pans or (40) steam pans, per Spec Sheet (pg 24) (10) full size sheet pans or (22) steam pans with a mobile rack, per Spec Sheet (pg 9) (20) full size sheet pans or (40) steam pans with a mobile rack, per Spec Sheet (pg 1) SC 9 Must provide both gas and electric configurations for 10-20 E/G models and 20-20 E/G models. Spec Sheets Spec Sheets SC 10 Must be capable of temperature monitoring and recording. Yes, per Spec Sheet (pg 1, pg 24, pg 46, pg 62) Yes, per Spec Sheet ( ChefLinc - pg.1, pg. 9) SC 11 Must provide Brand Specific Certified installation to include a pre-installation site visit to evaluate proper connections for gas, electric, drain, and water. Yes, per quote (pg 1) Yes, per quote (pg 1) SC 12 Must provide water filtration system. Yes, per quote (pg 1) Yes, per quote (pg 1) SC 13 Must provide annual service plans Rational Service Blodgett Service SC 14 Must provide post warranty support Rational Service Blodgett Service SC 15 Must provide preventative maintenance services Rational Service Blodgett Service Quality/Construction features and functions of the offered device will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Quality/Construction Terms and conditions of Warranty Terms and conditions of Warranty of steam generator Durability Service Maintenance Options features and functions of the equipment offered will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Service Maintenance Options Terms and conditions of Maintenance plans Service and response time Number of Certified vendors who can perform service and maintenance locally Electrical and Plumbing Specifications features and functions of the equipment offered will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Electrical and Plumbing Specifications Electrical Connections options Plumbing Connections options Installation and Configuration features and functions of the equipment offered will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Installation and Configuration Options Configuration Options Equipment Dimensions User Interface features and ease of use Availability and modes of Training Accessories (i.e. grid shelves, cleaning products) Safety features and functions of the equipment offered will be evaluated. Areas include but are not limited to the following: Safety Features Alarms or alerts Self-testing features Cooking Modes/Options Cleaning Modes/Ease of Cleaning Programmability/Pre-Programed Options Lighting Options The following attachments are incorporated by reference. All criteria outlined in the attachments are applicable to this Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/99356561c969433c8229baf54e081d4e/view)