---
layout: default
title: Flight Training BPA Agreement #2
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3ed8a337e37746528eef01fcfe6f4898
---

# Flight Training BPA Agreement #2

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 18:26:31.603-04
- Solicitation Number: FA930426Q5001

## Summary

This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for the Flight Training BPA Agreement #2. AFTC Test Pilot School requires various flight training services to include AT-802 (to inclide water drops) aircraft services, Grob 120TP training, and “Jetpack”, rocket pack, personal flight pack, and personal service to promote pilot readiness at Edwards AFB. The USAF Test Pilot School is interested in non-personnel service contracts to be awarded within a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) Multiple Award Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA). Please see the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS) for more details and a full list of training required. (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Simplified Acquisition Procedures (FAR 13) will be used for requirement. (ii) Solicitation Number: FA930426Q5001. **Please provide the full solicitation number on all packages** Interested parties who believe they can meet all, some, or one of the requirements for the products described in this synopsis are invited to submit, in writing, a completed quote and pricing list. Offerors may utilize the attached PWS to complete quote information in addition to a separate quote (in PDF format); ensuring the quote contains information and pricing for this requirement, up to including any potential installation and delivery costs. Offerors may quote to all, some, or one of the objectives stated in the attached statement of work. Offerors shall indicate which trainings they are quoting to by indication the specified trainings as follow: A. AT-802 (to include water drops) aircraft services B. Grob 120TP or similar spin training aircraft services C. “Jetpack”, rocket pack, personal flight pack, and personal services The anticipated magnitude of this effort shall not exceed $350,000.00 total for the entire ordering period of 5 years per offeror. Offerors are required to submit with their quote enough information for the Government to evaluate the requirements detailed in this combined synopsis/solicitation. Offerors shall submit quotes via email, please note the maximum file size is 10MB. Emails over this file size will not be received. Submit only written offers; oral offers will not be accepted. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). (iii) This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2024-03, DFARS Change 03/26/2024 and DAFAC 2023-0707. (iv) The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number for this acquisition is 611512 “Flight Training” with a size standard of $34M. (v) Period of Performance: The anticipated award is a 5-year Multiple Award BPA. (vi) The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023), applies to this acquisition. Provisions and clauses can be viewed via internet at Acquisition.gov, https://www.acquisition.gov/.Offerors shall prepare their quotations in accordance with FAR 52.212-1. In addition, the following information shall be included: PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CONTRACTOR INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR QUOTE: 1. SAM UEI: 2. TIN Number: 3. CAGE Code: 4. Contractor Name: 5. Payment Terms (NET 30) or Discount: 6. Point of Contact Name and Phone Number: 7. Email address: 8. Warranty: 9. Date Offer Expires: 10. FOB Destination: 11. Estimated Delivery Lead Time: 12. Completed copy of FAR 52.212-3, Alt I, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Feb 2024) – or - notification that FAR 52.212-3 representations and certifications are available on SAM.gov 13. A pricing list as follows: It contains a complete list of the services or supplies available for purchase under the BPA. The price list should specify the length of time for which the prices are valid. Typically, price lists are guaranteed for a minimum of one year from the effective date to avoid frequent increase in pricing. After reviewing the price list and determining the prices to be fair and reasonable, physically write “approved” directly on the price list, sign, date, and incorporate into the BPA by reference. Ensure the contractor and all ordering officials receive a copy of the approved price list. Calls can only be placed against BPAs for those items contained on the approved price list. Items not on the price list cannot be ordered unless the CO approves the addition. (vii) The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) applies to this acquisition. ***Please read the evaluation criteria closely. If vendor does not provide a full response, it will be found unresponsive*** The solicitation provides that quotations will be evaluated using a Best Value Continuum. The award will be made on the basis of the best value of each proposal as well as meeting/exceeding the acceptability of technical factors. The technical acceptability factor contains one subfactors: (1) Ability to provide the requested products. The agency will first rank quotations according to best value, from highest to lowest, and will evaluate the highest ranked value quotation as either technically acceptable or unacceptable, reserving the right to evaluate additional quotations for technical acceptability if deemed to be in the best interest of the government. Evaluation Factors: 1. Best Value 2. Technically Acceptability The Government anticipates awarding more than one BPA resulting from the RFQs to responsible offerors whose quotes are responsive to the RFQ and are considered to be Best Value. This is a competitive solicitation using simplified acquisition procedures and Best Value in which competing offerors technical performance and price will be evaluated to determine the award. Technical areas are more important than Price. (viii) Offerors shall include completed copies of applicable provisions, which are included in the SF1449. Offers will be considered incomplete if these are not included with the quote. (iv) The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions— Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023), applies to this acquisition. (x) The clause at Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders- Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (DEVIATION 2025-O0003 and 2025-O0004) applies to this acquisition. (xi) Additional Contract Requirement or Terms and Conditions: Please find a contemplated list of additional provisions/clauses in the attachments; the final list of clauses is dependent upon actual dollar value of the contract award and may change from those provided in the attachment.Full text for the clauses and provisions can be accessed via https://www.acquisition.gov/ (xii) Defense Priorities and Allocation System (DPAS): N/A (xiii) Quote Submission Information:It is the government’s intent to award without discussions. Therefore, each initial quote should contain the offeror’s best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer (CO) determines that discussions are necessary. Offers are due by 13 March 2026 at 4:30 PM, Pacific Standard Time (PDT). Offers must be sent via email to both Brianna Vicsotka (brianna.vicsotka.1@us.af.mil) AND Carlos Barrera (carlos.barrera.8@us.af.mil). No late submissions will be accepted. (xiv) For additional information regarding this solicitation contact: Primary Point of Contact: Brianna Vicsotka brianna.vicsotka.1@us.af.mil Contract Officer: Carlos Barrera Carlos.barrera.8@us.af.mil QUESTION PERIOD: The period for questions regarding this RFQ will end at 06 March 2026 at 4:30 PM, Pacific Standard Time (PST). Please send all questions to the buyer and cc the officer via email at brianna.vicsotka.1@us.af.mil and Carlos.barrera.8@us.af.mil. Phone inquiries are not available currently. All questions and answers will be emailed accordingly.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brianna Vicsotka
  - Email: brianna.vicsotka.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6612773056
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Carlos A. Barrera
  - Email: carlos.barrera.8@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6612778438

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3ed8a337e37746528eef01fcfe6f4898/view)