---
layout: default
title: J023--Bath Vehicle (VA23050) Repairs (VA-26-00046163)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9afea1602ad840f681a4fba013a3bd7e
---

# J023--Bath Vehicle (VA23050) Repairs (VA-26-00046163)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 11:25:37.139-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226Q0449
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought Notice (a) The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this Sources Sought or to otherwise pay for the information solicited. (b) Although "proposal," "offeror," contractor, and "offeror" may be used in this sources sought notice, any response will be treated as information only. It shall not be used as a proposal. (c) Any information received from a contractor in response to this Sources Sought may be used in creating a solicitation. Any information received which is marked with a statement, such as "proprietary" or "confidential," intended to restrict distribution will not be distributed outside of the Government, except as required by law. (d) This Sources Sought is issued by Network Contracting Office 2 (NCO 2) for the purpose of collecting information on VA23050 (Elgin Street Cleaner) Repairs and Service for the Finger Lakes Healthcare System, Bath Campus. The VA is seeking to provide for this requirement as of 5/1/2026 to establish a new service. The NAICS code identified for this requirement is 811111 General Automotive Repair. The requirement is detailed in the Statement of Work section of this document. (e) Contractors that are able to meet all the requirements in the attachment are encouraged to email the below information to brittney.dillingham@va.gov by Tuesday, April 13, 2026 by 4:00PM EST. - Contractor shall provide - Contractors shall also identify any Federal Supply Schedules that may carry the desired services. - Contractors shall identify pertinent points of contact for company, socioeconomic verification in SAM and SBA, as well as for any intended subcontractors. - Contractor shall provide 2 to 3 instances of experience which demonstrate that they are a firm regularly engaged in this type of work, to include subcontractors for those jobs. - Part of the purpose of this sources sought is to determine the viability of set aside to a specific socio-economic category. Contractors shall identify the NAICS code for the services being offered as well as their size status under said NAICS. If contractor is a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), a Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), or any other special category of contractors, then contractor is responsible for providing documentation in support of this. This information will be used to determine the viability of a set aside for this requirement. If any of the requested information is not supplied with the package, this may result in the contractor not being considered in the Government s Procurement Strategy. - Contractor shall provide a listing of any teaming agreements they intend to employ in the performance of this requirement if awarded. - Contractor shall supply proof of any applicable certification or training required to meet the regulatory requirements, if applicable. STATEMENT OF WORK VA23050 (Elgin Street Cleaner) Repairs and Service; Finger Lakes Healthcare System Bath Campus Background: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) James J. Peters VA Medical Center (JJP-VA) has a requirement for onsite maintenance and repair services for the equipment noted in the Equipment list section below. Finger Lakes Healthcare System, Bath Campus, street cleaner, is in need of multiple repairs and service to remain operational. Scope of Work: This maintenance and repair service contract covers all management, supervision, labor, materials, supplies, parts, tools, equipment, reports and coordination to ensure the completion of all work and services noted, to fully maintain the equipment identified in this statement of work. The contract shall include preventative maintenance visits and on-site remedial repair service visits, as deemed necessary by the contractor or the JJP-VA. The service (visit) response time is 4 hours from the JJP-VA placing a call requesting service. This response includes weekdays, nights, weekends, and holidays. Period of Performance: 05/02/2026- 07/01/2026 Place of Performance: Finger Lakes Healthcare System Bath Campus 76 Veterans Avenue Bath, NY 14810 Scope of Service: Preventive Maintenance: Maintenance Inspections: Complete the service, repair the parts and ensure that the vehicle is in operational status prior to being released back to us. Reporting: The contractor shall provide service reports on all services performed, to include operational and comprehensive maintenance according to the manufacture s recommendations. Service reports shall include a summary of the services performed, deficiencies identified and recommendations if needed. Reports shall be provided to the COR no less than 3 business days after service is completed. Repairs identified by the contractor shall require prior approval by the contracting officer. Equipment List: Vehicle VA23050 VIN 1FVACXDT9DHFD2334 Qty Description Part # 4 SPRAY NOZZLE 1040011 1 QUICK COUPLER 1058207 1 HIGH PRESSURE G 1039506 1 PRESSSURE WAND 1039508 1 NOZZLE FOR SPRAYER 1039779 1 NOZZLE FOR SELECTOR 1039510 1 NOZZLE FOR WASH 1041631 2 SCREN WELDMENT 1066669 2 HANDLE 1066679 4 PINS CLEVS 3/8X 1066747 4 COTTER 5005463AI 2 LINK WELDMENT 1066192 2 LATCH, SLAM 1092670 1 CURTAIN 1066759 3 LOOP WELDMENT 1066695 1 PLATE 1065678 2 CLAMPING, PLATE 1065679 1 WLDT-COVER PLATE 1066397 1 SUCTION HOSE 1066223-GR 2 CLAMP, HOSE 1069026 1 FILTER, HYD 1086891 1 PRIMARY ELEMENT 7072906 1 SAFETY ELEMENT 7072907 1 FUEL FILTER 7279182 1 OIL FILTER 7279119 8 BULK OIL BULK15W40 8 BULK OIL BULK15W40 1 FILTER, FUEL 3966 1 FUEL FITER 3231 1 AIR ELEMENT DN/P607965 1 BATT BOX COVER A06-92539-000 1 AY-LED STRB/MTG 1092611 1 LIGHT ASSY-RED 1046204 1 TAIL LIGHT - RH 1063997 1 TAIL LIGHT - LH 1063998 2 PIN, WELDMENT 1091483 1 ASSY SID LINK 1125124 4 SEGMENT 24WPH 88154 3 FREIGHT FRT Compliance and Safety Requirements: While in performance of the resultant contract, the contractor shall maintain safety and health standards compliant with the requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). All work shall be completed in accordance with the following regulations. ANSI/ASHRAE 180-2018, VHA directive 1811,1002.1, NFPA 90-A-2024, IMC 1101.6-2024. Contractor Qualifications: A shop with a certified mechanic to work on oversized, specialized equipment. This vehicle requires specialized parts, oil, grease and tools to work on the many components within it. The contractor shall be required to provide fully qualified and trained service technicians to include: Training & Education:Â Completion of high school/equivalent; specializedÂ OEM-sponsored training or technical school programs. ASE Certification:Â Multiple ASE certifications, mandating 2+ years of on-the-job experience. I-CAR Training:Â Many OEMs mandateÂ I-CAR Gold Class or Platinum statusÂ as a prerequisite. Experience:Â 4+ years of experience is required, particularly for specialized or luxury brands. Technical Proficiency:Â Strong computer skills for managing complex vehicle electronics, diagnostics, and ADAS. Training & Education: Specialized OEM-sponsored training or technical school programs. ASE Certification I-CAR Training Certificate Experience: 4+ years of experience is required, particularly for specialized or luxury brands. Technical Proficiency: Strong computer skills for managing complex vehicle electronics, diagnostics, and ADAS. Security Requirements: Upon entering JJP-VA buildings the contractor and/or contractor employees will be required to show proof of identity (must have a valid photo ID) as well as pass through a security screening. Regarding information and information system security. Vendors should be always escorted in the VA office buildings. The contractor will be accompanied by designated government personnel and shall sign in upon arrival. Services will not require connection to the VA network. The C&A requirements do not apply; a Security Accreditation Package is not required. At no time during the execution of the duties listed in this statement of work will the contractor interface with VA systems or VA sensitive information. Personnel Requirements: The contractor shall provide one designated point of contact (POC) to the government s designated representative for the coordination of maintenance. The contractor shall provide technicians with 3-5 years of mechanical experience with service and maintenance on equipment noted in this SOW. Delivery personal, management personnel and service techs shall be sufficiently supported by the contractor to service this maintenance contract. The contractor should use only new OEM parts. Work Hours and Scheduling Arrangements: Except by special alternative arrangement, scheduled preventive maintenance/services will be performed only during the facility s normal business hours (8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday excluding federal holidays). Downtime for preventive maintenance/services must be scheduled through the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) at least 2 days in advance. When downtime for service/repairs is needed, the contractor shall notify the COR the same day (as soon as possible) upon observation. The Federal Holidays which are observed by the federal government are annotated below. -New Year s Day -Martin Luther King s Birthday -President s Day -Memorial Day -Independence Day -Labor Day -Columbus Day -Veterans Day -Thanksgiving Day -Christmas Day -Any other day specifically declared to be a national holiday (per Federal Statute, Executive Order, or by the President s Proclamation).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brittney Dillingham
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: BRITTNEY.DILLINGHAM@VA.GOV

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: encouraged to email the below information to brittney.dillingham@va.gov by Tuesday, April 13, 2026 by 4:00PM EST. - Contractor shall provide - Contractors shall also identify any Federal Supply Schedules that may carry the desired services. - Contractors shall identify pertinent points of contact for company, socioeconomic verification in SAM and SBA, as well as for any intended subcontractors. - Contractor shall provide 2 to 3 instances of experience which demonstrate that they are a firm regularly engaged in this type of work, to include subcontractors for those jobs. - Part of the purpose of this sources sought is to determine the viability of set aside to a specific socio-economic category. Contractors shall identify the NAICS code for the services being offered as well as their size status under said NAICS. If contractor is a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), a Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), or any other special category of contractors, then contractor is responsible for providing documentation in support of this. This information will be used to determine the viability of a set aside for this requirement. If any of the requested information is not supplied with the package, this may result in the contractor not being considered in the Government s Procurement Strategy. - Contractor shall provide a listing of any teaming agreements they intend to employ in the performance of this requirement if awarded. - Contractor shall supply proof of any applicable certification or training required to meet the regulatory requirements, if applicable. STATEMENT OF WORK VA23050 (Elgin Street Cleaner) Repairs and Service; Finger Lakes Healthcare System Bath Campus Background: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) James J. Peters VA Medical Center (JJP-VA) has a requirement for onsite maintenance and repair services for the equipment noted in the Equipment list section below. Finger Lakes Healthcare System, Bath Campus, street cleaner, is in need of multiple repairs and service to remain operational. Scope of Work: This maintenance and repair service contract covers all management, supervision, labor, materials, supplies, parts, tools, equipment, reports and coordination to ensure the completion of all work and services noted, to fully maintain the equipment identified in this statement of work. The contract shall include preventative maintenance visits and on-site remedial repair service visits, as deemed necessary by the contractor or the JJP-VA. The service (visit) response time is 4 hours from the JJP-VA placing a call requesting service. This response includes weekdays, nights, weekends, and holidays. Period of Performance: 05/02/2026- 07/01/2026 Place of Performance: Finger Lakes Healthcare System Bath Campus 76 Veterans Avenue Bath, NY 14810 Scope of Service: Preventive Maintenance: Maintenance Inspections: Complete the service, repair the parts and ensure that the vehicle is in operational status prior to being released back to us. Reporting: The contractor shall provide service reports on all services performed, to include operational and comprehensive maintenance according to the manufacture s recommendations. Service reports shall include a summary of the services performed, deficiencies identified and recommendations if needed. Reports shall be provided to the COR no less than 3 business days after service is completed. Repairs identified by the contractor shall require prior approval by the contracting officer. Equipment List: Vehicle VA23050 VIN 1FVACXDT9DHFD2334 Qty Description Part # 4 SPRAY NOZZLE 1040011 1 QUICK COUPLER 1058207 1 HIGH PRESSURE G 1039506 1 PRESSSURE WAND 1039508 1 NOZZLE FOR SPRAYER 1039779 1 NOZZLE FOR SELECTOR 1039510 1 NOZZLE FOR WASH 1041631 2 SCREN WELDMENT 1066669 2 HANDLE 1066679 4 PINS CLEVS 3/8X 1066747 4 COTTER 5005463AI 2 LINK WELDMENT 1066192 2 LATCH, SLAM 1092670 1 CURTAIN 1066759 3 LOOP WELDMENT 1066695 1 PLATE 1065678 2 CLAMPING, PLATE 1065679 1 WLDT-COVER PLATE 1066397 1 SUCTION HOSE 1066223-GR 2 CLAMP, HOSE 1069026 1 FILTER, HYD 1086891 1 PRIMARY ELEMENT 7072906 1 SAFETY ELEMENT 7072907 1 FUEL FILTER 7279182 1 OIL FILTER 7279119 8 BULK OIL BULK15W40 8 BULK OIL BULK15W40 1 FILTER, FUEL 3966 1 FUEL FITER 3231 1 AIR ELEMENT DN/P607965 1 BATT BOX COVER A06-92539-000 1 AY-LED STRB/MTG 1092611 1 LIGHT ASSY-RED 1046204 1 TAIL LIGHT - RH 1063997 1 TAIL LIGHT - LH 1063998 2 PIN, WELDMENT 1091483 1 ASSY SID LINK 1125124 4 SEGMENT 24WPH 88154 3 FREIGHT FRT Compliance and Safety Requirements: While in performance of the resultant contract, the contractor shall maintain safety and health standards compliant with the requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). All work shall be completed in accordance with the following regulations. ANSI/ASHRAE 180-2018, VHA directive 1811,1002.1, NFPA 90-A-2024, IMC 1101.6-2024. Contractor Qualifications: A shop with a certified mechanic to work on oversized, specialized equipment. This vehicle requires specialized parts, oil, grease and tools to work on the many components within it. The contractor shall be required to provide fully qualified and trained service technicians to include: Training & Education:Â Completion of high school/equivalent; specializedÂ OEM-sponsored training or technical school programs. ASE Certification:Â Multiple ASE certifications, mandating 2+ years of on-the-job experience. I-CAR Training:Â Many OEMs mandateÂ I-CAR Gold Class or Platinum statusÂ as a prerequisite. Experience:Â 4+ years of experience is required, particularly for specialized or luxury brands. Technical Proficiency:Â Strong computer skills for managing complex vehicle electronics, diagnostics, and ADAS. Training & Education: Specialized OEM-sponsored training or technical school programs. ASE Certification I-CAR Training Certificate Experience: 4+ years of experience is required, particularly for specialized or luxury brands. Technical Proficiency: Strong computer skills for managing complex vehicle electronics, diagnostics, and ADAS. Security Requirements: Upon entering JJP-VA buildings the contractor and/or contractor employees will be required to show proof of identity (must have a valid photo ID) as well as pass through a security screening. Regarding information and information system security. Vendors should be always escorted in the VA office buildings. The contractor will be accompanied by designated government personnel and shall sign in upon arrival. Services will not require connection to the VA network. The C&A requirements do not apply; a Security Accreditation Package is not required. At no time during the execution of the duties listed in this statement of work will the contractor interface with VA systems or VA sensitive information. Personnel Requirements: The contractor shall provide one designated point of contact (POC) to the government s designated representative for the coordination of maintenance. The contractor shall provide technicians with 3-5 years of mechanical experience with service and maintenance on equipment noted in this SOW. Delivery personal, management personnel and service techs shall be sufficiently supported by the contractor to service this maintenance contract. The contractor should use only new OEM parts. Work Hours and Scheduling Arrangements: Except by special alternative arrangement, scheduled preventive maintenance/services will be performed only during the facility s normal business hours (8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday excluding federal holidays). Downtime for preventive maintenance/services must be scheduled through the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) at least 2 days in advance. When downtime for service/repairs is needed, the contractor shall notify the COR the same day (as soon as possible) upon observation. The Federal Holidays which are observed by the federal government are annotated below. -New Year s Day -Martin Luther King s Birthday -President s Day -Memorial Day -Independence Day -Labor Day -Columbus Day -Veterans Day -Thanksgiving Day -Christmas Day -Any other day specifically declared to be a national holiday (per Federal Statute, Executive Order, or by the President s Proclamation)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9afea1602ad840f681a4fba013a3bd7e/view)