---
layout: default
title: Coil Forms
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4a2cae25de3e4610851776a6f8f5a287
---

# Coil Forms

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 12:15:06.667-04
- Solicitation Number: N6660426Q0119

## Summary

RFQ # N6660426Q0119-0001 This amendment is issues to extend the RFQ deadline to 1/27/2026 at 2pm Eastern. All other details remain unchanged. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6-Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. In accordance with FAR 5.203(a)(2) this solicitation will be posted for less than fifteen (15) days. The Request for Quote (RFQ) number is N66604-26-Q-0119. This requirement is being solicited as a 100% Small Business Set Aside as concurred with by the Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) Office of Small Business Programs (OSBP). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 332710 – Machine Shops. The Small Business Size Standard is 500 employees. The Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) intends to purchase on a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) basis fifty-one (51) Coil Forms, in accordance with Government drawing(s) supplied upon request via instructions below. For the purposes of quoting this opportunity, the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure is identified below: CLIN 0001, Quantity 51, Coil Forms, P/N 6764012, in accordance with (IAW) Government drawing 6764012_53711_FN_A_D19-014 CLIN 0002, Quantity 1, Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL) Not Separately Priced (NSP) Required deliveries made under this contract shall be FOB destination NUWCDIVNPT Newport, RI. NOTE: This requirement contains a drawing that is designated as Distribution Statement D/Export Controlled. Distribution is authorized to the Department of Defense (DoD) and United States DoD contractors with a valid Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification. Only offerors with an active registration in JCP will be provided access to the technical specification drawing. To obtain access to the drawing, the offeror’s JCP Custodian shall email Amy.K.Prisco.civ@US.Navy.mil and attach a copy of the company’s valid DD2345. The request must be sent by the JCP Custodian; the drawing will not be provided to any other points of contact. Once JCP certification and JCP custodian are confirmed, the drawing will be sent to the JCP Custodian via DoD SAFE. Additionally, in accordance with DFARS supplement rule 2019-D041 (Assessing Contractor Implementation of Cybersecurity Requirements), only offerors with a summary level score of a National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171 DoD Assessment, of not more than three (3) years old from the date of this combined synopsis and solicitation, posted in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) will be eligible to receive a copy of the drawings. Award will be made to the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable offeror. To be considered technically acceptable, quote packages must include: 1. Indicate best delivery lead time. Anticipated award month: March 2026. 2. Past Performance: (a) The Offeror shall provide three (3) past performance references, if available, that reflect recent and relevant experience performed within the last three (3) years of the closing date of the solicitation for this requirement. The Past performance reference shall demonstrate the ability to handle work described under this solicitation. The Offeror shall include contract number, order type, program name, total contract/order cost, and names, valid email addresses, and telephone numbers for the Procuring Contract Officer (PCO). The Offeror shall also provide names, valid email addresses, and telephone numbers for the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR), and Government Program Manager (PM), if applicable. The Offeror shall identify its role as either a prime contractor or a subcontractor on the referenced contract. If the Offeror was a subcontractor on the reference, then the Offeror shall provide an explanation of its role in contract performance as well as the dollar value of its subcontract. The Offeror shall provide a written explanation describing the work that was performed and how the work was or is relevant to the work being proposed in this solicitation. The Offeror may provide information on problems encountered on the identified contract/order and the Offeror's corrective actions. (b) The past performance reference shall not exceed one (1) page. If the Offeror does not have any recent and relevant past performance references available, the Offeror shall submit a statement indicating as such. Additionally, the Government will consider past performance information within the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) whereby any negative information may render a quote deemed technically unacceptable. Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the latest Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC). Full text of incorporated FAR/DFARS clauses and provisions may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. The following FAR clauses and provisions apply to this solicitation: 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Oct 2018) 52.204-24, Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Oct 2020); 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Aug 2020); 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Item (Jun 2020) (Deviation 2018-O0018); 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items; FAR 52.212-3 – Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items CD 2025-O0003; 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items; 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders- Commercial Items CD 2025-O0003; 52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered Foreign Entities. The following DFARS provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls 252.204-7009, Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information 252.204-7012 Dev, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting 252.204-7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support 252.204-7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services 252.213-7000 Notice to Prospective Suppliers on Use of Supplier Performance Risk System in Past Performance Evaluations 252.204-7019 NOTICE OF NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS (NOV 2020) 252.204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS (NOV 2020) 252.204-7021 Contractor Compliance With the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification Level Requirements (NOV 2025) The CMMC level required by this RFQ is: CMMC Level 2 (Self). This CMMC level, or higher (see 32 CFR part 170), is required prior to award for each contractor information system that will process, store, or transmit Federal contract information (FCI) or controlled unclassified information (CUI) during performance of the contract. See Provision 252.204-7025 and Clause 252.204-7021, included in this RFQ. The Offeror shall provide, in its offer, the CMMC unique identifier(s) (CMMC UIDs) issued by SPRS for each contractor information system that will process, store, or transmit FCI or CUI during performance of the contract resulting from this RFQ. 252.204-7023 Reporting Requirements for Contracted Services Full text of incorporated DFARS clauses and provisions may be accessed electronically at https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfarspgi/current/index.html. Additional terms and conditions: Contractor MUST have an active registration in SAM at the time of quote submission. In accordance with DFARS Clause 252.211-7003, the contractor shall provide a unique item identifier (UID) for all delivered items for which the Government’s unit acquisition cost is $5,000.00 or more. The Government’s method of payment will be electronic payment via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). Offeror shall include item prices to include shipping costs, delivery terms, delivery lead times, and the following additional information with the submissions: point of contact (including phone number and email address), Contractor CAGE Code, and Contractor SAM Unique Entity ID. Quotes should include a validity date of no less than 90 days from due date for receipt of offers. Quotes shall be submitted electronically via email to Amy Prisco at Amy.K.Prisco.civ@US.NAVY.mil and must be received on or before January 27, 2026 at 2:00pm Eastern Standard Time (EST). Quotes received after this date are late and may not be considered for award. Attachments: Contract Requirement Data List (CDRL) VIR: Vendor Information Request, TAHEF Form 007 Rev C RIR: Receipt Inspection Report, TAHEF Form 008 Rev C ASTM D3925-21_2021-12-01 ASTM E1417_E1417M_2025-09-19 MIL-STD-130N_with_Change-1_2012-11-16 By request via instructions above: Applicable Government Drawing(s)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amy Prisco
  - Email: amy.k.prisco.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 4018328503

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4a2cae25de3e4610851776a6f8f5a287/view)