---
layout: default
title: DAMPENER, FLUTTER
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: b476242a96a048a2bff765054ba017d5
---

# DAMPENER, FLUTTER

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 10:13:12.487-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRTA1-26-R-0233

## Summary

Synopsis for Boeing Rights Guard (BRG) Applicable Acquisition AMC: 1/G 100% Small Business Set-Aside 1. Estimated Solicitation issue date is 11 May 2026 with an estimated closing/response date of 25 Jun 2026. It is the intention of DLA Aviation at Oklahoma City to allow a 45-Day Solicitation period for Boeing Rights Guard applicable acquisitions with days 1 through 15 being allotted to allow time for additional potential sources to submit requests for, and receive, the BRG Technical Data Package. This additional time over-and-above the standard 30-day Solicitation timeframe is a courtesy and serves as constructive notice that it is the affirmative responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the FBO and quickly process requests for the BRG Technical Data Package and that Solicitation Closing Dates WILL NOT be extended for the sole-purpose to allow for additional time to propose. 2. Request for Proposal #: SPRTA1-26-R-0233 3. Purchase Request: FD2030-26-00944, US Air Force Requirement 4. Nomenclature/Noun: DAMPENER, FLUTTER 5. NSN: 1650-01-008-0686 6. Part Number: 65-8353-8 7. Application (Engine or Aircraft): E-3 8. Acquisition Method Code (AMC): 1/G; Full and Open Competitive Acquisition for the Second or Subsequent Time. Acquisition is subject to Boeing Rights Guard (BRG) restrictions and procedures. Information concerning procedures to request/obtain the BRG Technical Data Package via a CD-ROM as well as the applicable points-of-contact will be outlined on the solicitation itself, when issued. 9. History: Previously purchased 11 each from Boeing Company on contract SPRTA1-25-P-0038 awarded on 28 Mar 2025. 10. Description/Function: to dampen control tab flutter in an airplane rudder. 11. Dimensions: Approximately L= 18.2500 in; W= 2.7500 in; H= 3.2500 in; WT= 4.5000 (LB). 12. Material: aluminum/steel 13. Sources / Qualified Sources (if Qualification Requirements Apply): Total Small Business Set A-Side, Export Controlled Certification, and Boeing Rights Guard Certification required. 14. Qualification Requirements: Not applicable to this acquisition. If Qualification Requirements apply to this acquisition, contact the buyer listed below at (730) 321-2262 or james.maynard.6@us.af.mil for qualification information or source approval requests. 15. First Article: First Article(s) ARE required for this acquisition. If First Articles are required, if there are any applicable waiver criteria, these will be detailed in the solicitation itself, when issued. 16. Export Control: Yes. If identified as being applicable, you are REQUIRED to be “EXPORT CONTROLLED” certified in order to receive and view the Technical Data Package / drawings for this solicitation. If your company intends to become Export Control Certified, a web site for registration exists: http://www.dlis.dla.mil/jcp/. Foreign owned firms are advised to contact the contracting officer or program manager before submitting a proposal to determine whether there are restrictions on receiving an award. Access to the Technical Data Package for this acquisition is restricted to potential offerors who have met the requirements to view/receive Export Controlled data as well as satisfying the requirements under the Boeing Rights Guard controls and procedures to receive/view the Bid-Set package via a Boeing Rights Guard CD-ROM. 17. Award of a New Manufacture Fixed-Quantity, Firm Fixed-Price contract is contemplated. Notice of Range Quantity Solicitation: The current required quantity is 34 ea. However, the final required quantity may change. Therefore, offeror(s) are required to propose prices for the specific quantity ranges identified in the Solicitation, when issued. The current overall possible quantity range for this acquisition is a between a Minimum quantity of 9 ea and Max quantity of 54 ea., to include First Article(s), if required. If the specific quantity ranges identified in the Solicitation do not provide the best pricing option for your company business model, then the contractor has the option of identifying within Provision 52.207-4, those suggested quantity ranges, for informational/planning purposes only, that yield your best prices to the Government. Offeror(s) are still required to submit proposals for the specific quantity ranges identified in the Solicitation. The Final fixed-quantity of this requirement is at the sole discretion of the Government and the Government reserves the right to award no contract at all depending on the quality and prices of proposal(s) received. The final buy quantity will be re-evaluated and determined upon receipt of proposal(s) and the closing date of the Solicitation. Surplus is NOT authorized for this procurement. Required Delivery Schedule: 34 ea, No Later Than 20 Jan 2028 Destination: DLA Distribution Depot, Tinker AFB, Oklahoma 18. Mandatory Language: Written procedures will be used for this solicitation. Electronic submission of completed/signed proposals via scanned PDF through e-mail to the contracting officer is authorized. DLA OMBUDSMAN (a) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the party to another official who can resolve the concern. (b) Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMB Circular A-76 competition performance decisions). (c) The Competition Advocate (CA) at each contracting activity/office (as defined in DLAD 2.101) shall act as the ombudsman and attempt to resolve contractor complaints. DLA AVIATION – AOCA’s CA/ombudsman can be reached at 385-591-1672, facsimile (405) 734-8129. Complaints which cannot be so resolved shall be forwarded to the HQ through J-72 for resolution by the DLA competition advocate. Each activity is responsible for developing procedures for executing the duties and responsibilities of its local ombudsman. 19. UID marking requirements IAW DFARS, clause 252.211-7003 apply to this acquisition. 20. This procurement is a total 100% Small Business Set Aside. 21. This solicitation will include DLAD provision 52.215-9023 for Reverse Auction. Since a Reverse Auction may be conducted if in the best interest of the Government, offerors are encouraged to access the ProcureX system to self-register and review the available training tools at: dla.procurexinc.com to learn more about how to participate in an auction. Offerors who do not self-register will be loaded at the time of auction by DLA, if conducted.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Maynard
  - Email: james.maynard.6@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7303212262

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b476242a96a048a2bff765054ba017d5/view)