---
layout: default
title: J066--Surgical Instrument Tracking System and Etching Service
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 07b3ab65e1c848a7abeea5ea472ff74e
---

# J066--Surgical Instrument Tracking System and Etching Service

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 13:46:32.186-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0345
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. This solicitation is a 100% set-aside for SDVOSB(s) The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 332812 with a small business size standard of 600 employees. The FSC/PSC is J066. The VA Connecticut Healthcare System is seeking to purchase a brand name or equal domestically produced fully functional laser marking system that meets the salient characteristics outlined below along with training and etching services in accordance with (IAW) the Statement of Work (SOW) attached. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure 0001 Laser Unit and Associated Accessories 1 EA 0002 Scanner 17 EA 0003 Laser Start up training 1 JB 0004 Laser Etching Service 1 JB 0005 Service/Maintenance 1 YR The Contractor shall provide a fully functional system that meets the following characteristics derived from the NuTrace NUX-20 NG Laser System: Computer/Laptop with the most recent Windows operating system and supporting accessories Fumex Fume/Odor extractor equipment FA1-M-NuTrace Select & Mark templates. Different laser configurations for different instrument materials included GS1 Codes. Safety glasses to operate the laser Electropolishing Unit with proprietary solution Ratero Laser must produce a data matrix that is CensiTrac compatible and be capable of marking devices of various materials including titanium, anodized titanium, anodized aluminum, stainless steel, plastics, brass, ceramic and more. Warranty starting on date of set up not date of delivery. Installation includes unpacking, making all connections and adjustments prior to training staff. Installation includes any cable, data cables or other electronic wiring outside of electrical utility at the West Haven VA Medical Center. Scanners Capable of reading a 2D Data Matrix in < 0.5 seconds per instrument, irrelevant of instrument contrast, instrument material or position of the code Capable of reading a 2D Matrix as small as .010 X.010mm (4mils). Stainless steel body housing able to be cleaned with hospital disinfectants. Warranty starting on date of set up not date of delivery. Installation includes unpacking, making all connections and adjustments prior to training staff. Installation includes any cable, data cables or other electronic wiring outside of electrical utility at the West Haven VA Medical Center. Laser Start Up Training Laser Institute of America or equivalent certification of 2 VA staff. Up to 32 hours of training Online and On-site. Marking of sample instruments of various materials including stainless steel, aluminum, titanium, and plastic. Data entry/Editing Existing instruments already marked will be reviewed for accurate description and unnecessary duplicates will be eliminated. Laser Etching Unique Device Identifier (UDI) application of up to 35000 instruments at 800 instruments per day minimum, instruments of various materials. Data entry/Editing Existing instruments already marked will be reviewed for accurate description and unnecessary duplicates will be eliminated. Any marks not being picked up and read by scanners will be removed and reapplied. Commissioning of marked instruments in CensiTrac instrument tracking system. Count sheet revisions as directed by and agreed to by VA SPS Leadership, we will edit and make necessary count sheet changes. Contractor shall make recommendations for surgical instrument replacement which may be pertinent to meet the scope of surgical tray completion. Instruments will not be altered, changed or tampered in any way that results in non-compliance with manufacturers original design specifications or ANSI-AAMI ST-79. Contractor must communicate and collaborate with VACHS SPS staff on how to best schedule instrument marking to minimize OR downtime, prevent case delays, and support efficiency in the Sterile Processing department. Laser Service Maintenance contract for a period of 1 year from the date of set up, not date of delivery, inclusive of: Any Preventative Maintenance recommended in manufacturers instruction for use Mechanical repairs as needed On-location specialist for 3 days per year Any costs associated with the shipping or use of a loaner laser device The anticipated period of performance is 6/30/26-6/29/27 Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Department of Veterans Affairs VA Connecticut Healthcare System Sterile Processing Services (SPS) 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516-2770 All quoters shall submit the following: A quote. All quotes shall be sent to the Contract Specialist Kim McCarthy at kim.mccarthy@va.gov Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. Submission of your response shall be received not later than March 26, 2026 at 11:00am EST to kim.mccarthy@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Kim McCarthy Contract Specialist The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clauses apply to this acquisition: ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. 52.212-1Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) (a)Â Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include (1)Â The solicitation number; (2)Â The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3)Â The Offeror s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4)Â Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5)Â Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6)Â A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b)Â Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c)Â Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1)Â Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2)Â Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is late and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3)Â If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4)Â Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d)Â Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror s initial offer should contain the Offeror s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e)Â Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1)Â The agency s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror s offer. (2)Â The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3)Â The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4)Â A summary of the rationale for award. (5)Â For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6)Â Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) 52.212-2Â Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION OCT2025) (a)Â Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Technical Price Past Performance (b)Â Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c)Â Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (OCT2025) To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kim McCarthy
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kim.mccarthy@va.gov
  - Phone: 774-826-4806

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/07b3ab65e1c848a7abeea5ea472ff74e/view)