---
layout: default
title: Targeting Operations and Analytics Development
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: c3a2190d772e42acb289e15dd2acb608
---

# Targeting Operations and Analytics Development

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 13:57:55.908-04
- Solicitation Number: FA875025S7002

## Summary

NAICS CODE: 541715 FEDERAL AGENCY NAME: Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFRL - Rome Research Site, AFRL/Information Directorate, 26 Electronic Parkway, Rome, NY, 13441-4514 BAA ANNOUNCEMENT TYPE: Initial announcement BROAD AGENCY ANNOUNCEMENT (BAA) TITLE: Targeting Operations and Analytics Development BAA: FA8750-25-S-7002 PART I – OVERVIEW INFORMATION This announcement is for an Open, 2 Step BAA which is open and effective until 30 September 2029. Only white papers will be accepted as initial submissions; formal proposals will be accepted by invitation only. While white papers will be considered if received prior to 1600 Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 30 SEP 2029, the following submission dates are suggested to best align with projected funding: FY25 by 20 MAR 2025 FY26 by 01 NOV 2025 FY27 by 01 NOV 2026 FY28 by 01 NOV 2027 FY29 by 01 NOV 2028 Offerors should monitor the Contract Opportunities on the SAM website at https://SAM.gov in the event this announcement is amended. CONCISE SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGY REQUIREMENT: Seeking innovative research to develop, test, evaluate, and integrate technologies to improve the joint targeting cycle: shorten the killchain, improve operational awareness, provide information and connectivity assurance during execution, and enable battle damage assessment. BAA ESTIMATED FUNDING: Total funding for this BAA is approximately $499M. Individual awards will not normally exceed thirty-six (36) months with dollar amounts normally ranging from $1M to $25M. There is also the potential to make awards up to $99.9M. ANTICIPATED INDIVIDUAL AWARDS: Multiple Awards are anticipated. However, the Air Force reserves the right to award zero, one, or more Procurement Contracts or Other Transactions (assistance instruments), for all, some, or none of the solicited effort based on the offeror’s ability to perform desired work and funding fluctuations. There is no limit on the number of OTs that may be awarded to an individual offeror. TYPE OF INSTRUMENTS THAT MAY BE AWARDED: FAR based Procurement contracts, CFR based grants and cooperative agreements or other transactions (OT) under 10 USC 4021, 10 USC 4022 ( previously 10 USC 4002, 2371, 10 USC 4003, 2371b) depending upon the nature of the work proposed. 10 USC 4023 also allows for FAR based contracts, OTs for research, OTs for Prototype, and assistance instruments. In the event that an Other Transaction for Prototype agreement is awarded as a result of this competitive BAA, and the prototype project is successfully completed, there is the potential for a prototype project to transition to award of a follow-on production contract or transaction. The Other Transaction for Prototype agreement itself will also contain a similar notice of a potential follow-on production contract or agreement. AGENCY CONTACT INFORMATION: All white paper submissions and any questions of a technical nature shall be directed to the cognizant Technical Point of Contact (TPOC) as specified below (unless otherwise specified in the technical area): BAA PROGRAM MANAGER: Ariana Emad AFRL/RIED 525 Brooks Rd Rome, NY 13441-4505 Telephone: (315)330-2649 Email: ariana.emad@us.af.mil Questions of a contractual/business nature shall be directed to the cognizant contracting officer, as specified below (email requests are preferred): Amber Buckley Email: Amber.Buckley@us.af.mil Emails must reference the solicitation BAA number and title of the acquisition. Pre-Proposal Communication between Prospective Offerors and Government Representatives: Dialogue between prospective offerors and Government representatives is encouraged. Technical and contracting questions can be resolved in writing or through open discussions. Discussions with any of the points of contact shall not constitute a commitment by the Government to subsequently fund or award any proposed effort. Only Contracting Officers are legally authorized to commit the Government. Offerors are cautioned that evaluation ratings may be lowered and/or proposal rejected if proposal preparation (Proposal format, content, etc.) and/or submittal instructions are not followed. PLEASE SEE ATTACHMENT FOR FULL ANNOUNCEMENT DETAILS Amendment No. 1 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7002 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, Section VI, adds paragraph 12 as follows; 12. 15% INDIRECT COST CAP ON ASSISTANCE AWARDS TO INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION: The policies of the OUSD(R&E) memo, “Implementation of a 15% Indirect Cost Cap on Assistance Awards to Institutions of Higher Education” dated 12 June 2025, will be applicable for the entirety of the award if there is a court decision permitting application of the policies. No other changes are made. Amendment No. 2 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7002 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT, updates the language regarding Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) Orders; FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT: Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) Orders: Depending on the date of issuance of this solicitation, FASCSA order(s) may be applicable. Therefore, the Offeror shall search for the phrase “FASCSA order” in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov) for any covered article, or any products or services produced or provided by a source, if there is an applicable Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders prohibition. This requirement only applies to FAR based awards. No other changes are made. AMENDMENT 3 TO BAA FA8750-25-S-7002 The purpose of this modification is to republish the original announcement, incorporating any previous amendments, pursuant to FAR 35.016(c). This republishing also includes the following changes: Part II, Full Text Announcement: Section IV.2, updates the FAR reference; Section V.3, updates the Simplified Acquisition Threshold to $350,000; Section V.4, updates the certified cost and pricing data threshold to $2.5M; Section VI.1, updates proposal formatting language; Section VI.3, updates the debriefing language; Section VI.5.b.3, updates the DFARS clause; Section VI.5.c, updates the DFARS clause; Section VI.7, updates the provisions; Section VI, deletes paragraph 12 related to 15% indirect cost cap Section VII: updates the OMBUDSMAN. No other changes are made.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ariana Emad
  - Email: ariana.emad@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 315-330-2649
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Amber Buckley
  - Email: amber.buckley@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 315-330-3605

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: FULL ANNOUNCEMENT DETAILS Amendment No. 1 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7002 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, Section VI, adds paragraph 12 as follows; 12. 15% INDIRECT COST CAP ON ASSISTANCE AWARDS TO INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION: The policies of the OUSD(R&E) memo, “Implementation of a 15% Indirect Cost Cap on Assistance Awards to Institutions of Higher Education” dated 12 June 2025, will be applicable for the entirety of the award if there is a court decision permitting application of the policies. No other changes are made. Amendment No. 2 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7002 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT, updates the language regarding Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) Orders; FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT: Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) Orders: Depending on the date of issuance of this solicitation, FASCSA order(s) may be applicable. Therefore, the Offeror shall search for the phrase “FASCSA order” in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov) for any covered article, or any products or services produced or provided by a source, if there is an applicable Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders prohibition. This requirement only applies to FAR based awards. No other changes are made. AMENDMENT 3 TO BAA FA8750-25-S-7002 The purpose of this modification is to republish the original announcement, incorporating any previous amendments, pursuant to FAR 35.016(c). This republishing also includes the following changes: Part II, Full Text Announcement: Section IV.2, updates the FAR reference; Section V.3, updates the Simplified Acquisition Threshold to $350,000; Section V.4, updates the certified cost and pricing data threshold to $2.5M; Section VI.1, updates proposal formatting language; Section VI.3, updates the debriefing language; Section VI.5.b.3, updates the DFARS clause; Section VI.5.c, updates the DFARS clause; Section VI.7, updates the provisions; Section VI, deletes paragraph 12 related to 15% indirect cost cap Section VII: updates the OMBUDSMAN. No other changes are made

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c3a2190d772e42acb289e15dd2acb608/view)