---
layout: default
title: Solicitation - Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) for Emergency Bottled Water
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 5b6a24595f4649c6816a19b9f9194946
---

# Solicitation - Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) for Emergency Bottled Water

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 09:48:02.141-04
- Solicitation Number: FA469026Q0015

## Summary

***********************************************AMENDMENT 0001************************************************************************ Please see attached SF 50 and the Conformed Solicition ********************************************************************************************************************************************** This is a Request for Quotation (RFQ) issued by the 28th Contracting Squadron, Ellsworth AFB, South Dakota, to compete and award one or more Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPAs) for emergency bottled water. Requirement: Emergency Bottled Water BPA Solicitation Number: FA4690-26-Q-0015 Period of Performance: The projected five-year ordering period is 1 April 2026 - 31 March 2031. Set-Aside: This is a 100% Small Business Set-Aside. NAICS Code: 312112 – Bottled Water Manufacturing, with a Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard of 1,100 employees. Geographic and Response Time Requirements This BPA is for the provision of emergency bottled water. As such, the following mandatory requirements apply: Geographic Limitation: Offerors must have a physical business location (e.g., office or distribution warehouse) within a 50-mile radius of Ellsworth AFB, SD, to be eligible for award. Response Time: The contractor must be capable of delivering bottled water within 4 hours of a call being placed. The 50-mile radius limitation is necessary to meet this critical response requirement. Basis for Agreement Award a. This acquisition will be conducted in accordance with the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. The Government intends to award one or more Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPAs) to the responsible offeror(s) whose quote, conforming to this Request for Quotation (RFQ), is determined to be the most advantageous to the Government. b. The Government intends to award a BPA without interchanges. Therefore, the offeror’s initial quote should contain its best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct interchanges with any or all quoters at its discretion if it is determined to be in the Government’s best interest. c. The Government will use the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection process. To be eligible for award, a quote must be rated as "Acceptable" for the Technical Acceptability factor. The award will be made to the offeror with the lowest evaluated price among all technically acceptable quotes. Evaluation Factors The following two factors, listed in descending order of importance, will be used to evaluate quotes: Factor 1: Technical Acceptability Factor 2: Price FACTOR 1: TECHNICAL ACCEPTABILITY This factor is evaluated on a pass/fail basis. The Government will evaluate each quote to ensure it is technically acceptable. A quote will be rated as either "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable." A rating of "Unacceptable" will render the entire quote ineligible for award. To receive an "Acceptable" rating, the offeror’s quote must clearly meet all of the following minimum requirements: The offeror submitted a complete quote package as required by Section L of this solicitation. The quote demonstrates the offeror’s unconditional agreement to comply with all terms, conditions, and requirements stated in the solicitation. All bottled water provided under this Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) must meet the quality and safety standards for bottled water as set forth by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in Title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Part 165. The offeror has a physical business location (e.g., office or distribution warehouse) within a 50-mile radius of Ellsworth AFB, SD. The quote confirms the offeror's capability to meet the mandatory 4-hour emergency response time for delivery. FACTOR 2: PRICE The prices of all quotes rated "Acceptable" under Factor 1 will be evaluated. The Total Evaluated Price (TEP) will be calculated based on the sum of all firm-fixed-prices listed in Table A: Base Year of the Attachment 2 Price List. The Government will rank all technically acceptable quotes from lowest to highest based on their TEP. The lowest-priced quote will be evaluated for price reasonableness in accordance with RFO procedures. The evaluation of option year pricing may be performed to determine if prices are unbalanced but will not be included in the TEP for the initial award decision. Award Decision The BPA will be awarded to the responsible offeror who submits the lowest-priced, technically acceptable quote. The Government reserves the right to award multiple BPAs if it is determined to be in the best interest of the Government. A responsibility determination will be made prior to award, which includes verifying the offeror's active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM.gov). Solicitation Questions a. All questions regarding this solicitation must be submitted via email to the Contracting Officer, Timeaki McPhee, at timeaki.mcphee@us.af.mil. b. The deadline for submitting questions is 17 March 2026 is at 2:00 PM Mountain Daylight Time (MDT). Questions received after this time may not be answered. c. The subject line of the email must state. "Questions for Solicitation FA4690-26-Q-0015 - Emergency Bottled Water". Instructions for Submitting a Quote a. Quote Submission Deadline: Quotes must be received no later than 25 March 2026 at 2:00 PM Mountain Daylight Time (MDT). Quotes received after this date and time may be considered late and may not be evaluated. b. Submission Method: Quotes must be submitted electronically via email to Timeaki McPhee at timeaki.mcphee@us.af.mil.Hard copy or facsimile submissions will not be accepted. c. Email Subject Line: The subject line of the email must state: "Quote for Solicitation FA4690-26-Q-0015 -Emergency Bottled Water". Your quote package must include: A completed and signed copy of the attached Conformed SF 1449 / Request for Quotation document. (Attachment 3) A completed Price List (Attachment 2). To be eligible for award, vendors must have an assigned CAGE code and be registered and ACTIVE in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov at the time of quote submission. List of Attachments: Attachment 1 - Solicitation FA4690-26-Q-0015 (Request for Quotation) SF 1449 (DELETED) Attachment 2 - Blank Price List Attachment 3- Solicitation FA4690-26-Q-0015-0001 (Conformed Request for Quotation) SF 1449 Attachment 4- SF 50

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timeaki McPhee
  - Email: timeaki.mcphee@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6053851721
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua Johnson
  - Email: joshua.johnson.233@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6053851734

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Price List. The Government will rank all technically acceptable quotes from lowest to highest based on their TEP. The lowest-priced quote will be evaluated for price reasonableness in accordance with RFO procedures. The evaluation of option year pricing may be performed to determine if prices are unbalanced but will not be included in the TEP for the initial award decision. Award Decision The BPA will be awarded to the responsible offeror who submits the lowest-priced, technically acceptable quote. The Government reserves the right to award multiple BPAs if it is determined to be in the best interest of the Government. A responsibility determination will be made prior to award, which includes verifying the offeror"s active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM.gov). Solicitation Questions a. All questions regarding this solicitation must be submitted via email to the Contracting Officer, Timeaki McPhee, at timeaki.mcphee@us.af.mil. b. The deadline for submitting questions is 17 March 2026 is at 2:00 PM Mountain Daylight Time (MDT). Questions received after this time may not be answered. c. The subject line of the email must state. "Questions for Solicitation FA4690-26-Q-0015 - Emergency Bottled Water". Instructions for Submitting a Quote a. Quote Submission Deadline: Quotes must be received no later than 25 March 2026 at 2:00 PM Mountain Daylight Time (MDT). Quotes received after this date and time may be considered late and may not be evaluated. b. Submission Method: Quotes must be submitted electronically via email to Timeaki McPhee at timeaki.mcphee@us.af.mil.Hard copy or facsimile submissions will not be accepted. c. Email Subject Line: The subject line of the email must state: "Quote for Solicitation FA4690-26-Q-0015 -Emergency Bottled Water". Your quote package must include: A completed and signed copy of the attached Conformed SF 1449 / Request for Quotation document. (Attachment 3) A completed Price List (Attachment 2). To be eligible for award, vendors must have an assigned CAGE code and be registered and ACTIVE in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov at the time of quote submission. List of Attachments: Attachment 1 - Solicitation FA4690-26-Q-0015 (Request for Quotation) SF 1449 (DELETED) Attachment 2 - Blank Price List Attachment 3- Solicitation FA4690-26-Q-0015-0001 (Conformed Request for Quotation) SF 1449 Attachment 4- SF 50

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5b6a24595f4649c6816a19b9f9194946/view