---
layout: default
title: 6515--NEW > $2.5 MIL | Neurosurgery Insightec
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c735c57dc8864f0ea91f93ce95c34308
---

# 6515--NEW > $2.5 MIL | Neurosurgery Insightec

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 19:46:56.827-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0504
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Subject: Sources Sought, Insight Tec Prime Neuro System; Veterans Health Administration (VHA) VISN 21. The purpose of this sources sought is to conduct market research to support the procurement of a Insight Tec Prime Neuro System for VISN21. This notice serves to survey the market in an attempt to ascertain whether or not sources are capable of providing the requested services. This notice allows potential contractors/vendors to submit a non-binding statement of interest and documentation demonstrating their capability. The sources sought effort is intended to assess industry capabilities and develop/support the intended direction of acquisition planning. The Network Contracting Office (NCO 21) is requesting responses from qualified business concerns; the qualifying NAICS code for this effort is 339113 Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing. This sources sought is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classifications (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman owned small business, or large business) relative to NAICS 339113. Responses to this notice, will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this notice, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this notice are not considered adequate responses to any corresponding solicitation announcement. All interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation announcement in addition to responding to this notice. Background: The Department of Veterans Affairs is seeking vendors who can provide a Insight Tec Prime Neuro System per the attached draft Salients. The vendors must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for this notice. See attached draft salients. INSTRUCTIONS: Submit a brief description, two-three (2-3) pages (including cover letter) that demonstrates how your company can provide the requested services that are required in the attached draft salients. Include past experience in providing this requirement to the VA, other Government (Federal or State) agency, or for a private facility. Please specify your availability and your address. The attached salients is a draft, and is NOT finalized. If any portions seem unclear, prohibited, and/or you are unsure about the draft description of the requirement please list your comments and/or concerns in your response so they can be addressed. PLEASE INDICATE WHETHER YOU HOLD A GSA FEDERAL-SUPPLY SCHEDULE CONTRACT THAT COVERS THESE SERVICES AND, IF SO, THE CONTRACT NUMBER. Provide BUSINESS SIZE AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS; (a) Indicate whether your business is large or small (b) If small, indicate if your firm qualifies as a small, emerging business, or small disadvantages business (c) If disadvantages, specify under which disadvantaged group and if your firm is certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act (d) Indicate if your firm is a certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) (g) Include the DUNS number of your firm. (h) State whether your firm is registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at http://www.sam.gov and/or the SBA registry (SBA.Gov). If not, please NOTE that any future solicitation could only be awarded to a contractor who is registered in SAM and to receive award based on VOSB or SDVOSB status you must be registered in the SBA Registry (i) provide current commercial pricing for all items listed in the attached SOW and any applicable discounts. (j) link to the respondent s General Services Administration (GSA) schedule, or attached file of same, if applicable (k) citation of any current or past customers (i.e., within the past two (2) years) to include contract number, point of contact telephone number or e-mail address; and (l) other material relevant to establishing core competencies of the firm. Response is due by 15:00 EST Thursday, April 2, 2026. Please submit e-mail responses to Mat Czeshinski, Contract Specialist, at email address: mathew.czeshinski@va.gov . Your response should include a STATEMENT OF CAPABLILITY, GSA SCHEDULE INFORMATION, SAM UEI#, BUSINESS SIZE, AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS information as explained above. Please place SS RESPONSE - [YOUR FIRM NAME] Insight Tec Prime Neuro System VAPAHCS in the subject line of your email. This notice is to assist the VA in determining sources only. NOTES: Issuance of this notice does not constitute any obligation whatsoever on the part of the Government to procure these services, or to issue a solicitation, nor to notify respondents of the results of this notice. No solicitation documents exists at this time; however, in the event the acquisition strategy demonstrates that GSA is a viable option for procuring a solution, the RFQ shall be posted to GSA eBuy where only those firms who currently hold a GSA Schedule with the applicable SIN will be able to respond. The Department of Veterans Affairs is neither seeking quotes nor accepting unsolicited quotes, and responses to this notice cannot be accepted as offers. Any information the vendor considers proprietary should be clearly marked as such. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI. RESPONDENTS OFFERING EQUAL ALTERNATIVES: Respondents are to include the manufacturer of their equal item, the Country of Origin, and an authorized distributor letter. Item Information Item Description Quantity 0001 SYSTEM" MEANS THE BASE EXABLATE PRIME NEURO SYSTEM INCLUDING MID FREQUENCY (650 KHZ) TRANSDUCER PACKAGE 1 0002 ONE ADDITIONAL NEURO HEAD FRAME SET 1 Delivery: Department of Veterans Affairs VA Palo Alto Healthcare System 3801 Miranda Ave. Palo Alto, CA 94304

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mathew B. Czeshinski
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Mathew.Czeshinski@va.gov
  - Phone: 559-231-1067

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c735c57dc8864f0ea91f93ce95c34308/view)