---
layout: default
title: 52000QR260023715 USCGC HARRIET LANE Port Engine room Ventilation Fan Rebuild
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 87469abe986644fcb8e1f4539e4e34f8
---

# 52000QR260023715 USCGC HARRIET LANE Port Engine room Ventilation Fan Rebuild

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 11:00:18.227-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000QR260023715

## Summary

52000QR260023715 USCGC HARRIET LANE Port Engine room Ventilation Fan Rebuild INTENT: CGC HARRIET LANE is requesting their engine room ventilation fan motor be rewound and tested due to failure of the unit. Fan Information: Buffalo Forge Co Vane-Axial Fan HP 25 / 7.5, RPM 1800/1200 2 speed fan 440 Volt 33/12 Amps 3 Phase, Frame 286TNCZ This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information in this notice. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote Number 52000QR260023715 USCGC HARRIET LANE Port Engine room Ventilation Fan Rebuild This procurement will be processed in accordance with FAR Part 12. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 336611 - Ship Building and Repairing. This is total small business set aside; all responsible small business sources may submit proposals that will be considered. This synopsis/solicitation is issued pursuant to FAR 13.106-1(b), and the resultant purchase order will be awarded on a firm-fixed price basis using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR 13. THE UNITED STATED COAST GUARD SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER REQUEST THE CONTRACTORS TO PROVIDE PRICING FOR THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENT: The contractor shall provide 52000QR260023715 USCGC HARRIET LANE Port Engine room Ventilation Fan Rebuild Statement of Work (SOW) For repairs to USCGC HARRIET LANE Port Engine Room Ventilation Fan Rebuild Background and Current Observed Issues CGC HARRIET LANE is requesting their engine room ventilation fan motor be rewound and tested due to failure of the unit. Fan Information: Buffalo Forge Co Vane-Axial Fan HP 25 / 7.5, RPM 1800/1200 2 speed fan 440 Volt 33/12 Amps 3 Phase, Frame 286TNCZ REQUIREMENTS: Disassemble the unit. Inspect all external and internal hardware. Measure all machined surfaces for excessive wear. Wash and paint all parts. Test the rotor for open bars. Remove the coils. Prep and clean core. Test core integrity. Insulate the stator. Rewind, and connect the motor. Meg Ohm Test, Surge Test an Ohm Test the windings.. After varnishing the motor, conduct a Meg Ohm Test, Surge Test an Ohm Test and Hi pot Test. Replace the bearings. Reassemble and test run. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE 06 APR 26 – 17 APR 26 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The primary place of performance shall be CGC HARRIET LANE located at below address: CGC HARRIET LANE 400 Sand Island Parkway Honolulu, Hawaii 96819 Contracting Officer Technical Representative (COR): CWO Ben Peavey Cell: (305) 898-1668 Email: Benjamin.R.Peavey@uscg.mil All contractor personnel requiring access to the place of performance in order to perform work under this contract must possess a valid-state issued REAL ID-compliant driver’s license or identification card, or an acceptable alternative form of identification as defined by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) [https://www.dhs.gov/real-id]. It is the contractor’s responsibility to ensure that all personnel are properly credentialed to gain base access. Failure to comply with access requirements may result in delays to performance and will not constitute an excusable delay. Interested Vendors shall provide product/service details, Product Data Sheet, and cost breakdown IAW SOW for technical review. Vendors shall provide a detailed cost breakdown to include all the specifications to be reviewed by a technical rep. NOTE: The USCG/Government reserves the right to Award on an All or None Basis, i.e., the Government may issue a Purchase Order (PO) to the offeror that submits the lowest aggregate price, rather than issue a PO to each offeror based on the lowest quotation on each item. As stated below, the provision at FAR 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Items-applies with the following addenda: Award of a contract will be based on the following criteria: The purchase order will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5. 1. Please provide any warranty information. 2. Vendors MUST be registered in www.sam.gov The USCG/Government intends to award a purchase order resulting from this synopsis/solicitation to the responsible contractor whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is most advantageous and the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. Please Note: Interested Offerors having the expertise as required are invited to submit a Firm Fixed Price quotation in conjunction with attached statement of work that will be considered by the agency. Quotations must be submitted on company letterhead stationery and must include the following information: (1) Cost Breakdown (2) Unit Cost (3) Extended Price (4) Total Price (5) Payment Terms (6) Discount offered for prompt payment (7) Company Unique Entity ID (UEI) and Cage Code.. Quotes must be received no later than 27March 2026 at 09 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. Email quotes are acceptable and shall be sent to the Contracting Officer, Joshua Miller and Tim Ford at email address TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL and Joshua.N.Miller@uscg.mil. Any questions or concerns regarding any aspect of the RFQ must be forwarded to the Contracting Officer, Joshua Miller and Tim Ford at email address Joshua.N.Miller@uscg.mil and TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL. The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 - Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation - Commercial Items (Nov 2021) Award will be made to the Offeror proposing the Best Value to the Government considering specification, price, past performance and quality. FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (May 2024) to include Alt I (Nov 2021). Offeror shall complete annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website accessed through https://www.sam.gov. FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with the following addenda. FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items (Jan 2025) FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management (Nov 2024). Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. To facilitate payment via Electronic Funds Transfer - SAM, contractors shall be registered in SAM. A UEI number can be obtained via https://www.dnb.com and SAM registration can be obtained via https://www.sam.gov. The following clauses, and others as directed by the Contracting Officer as applicable, shall apply to this awarded contract: FAR 52.222-3 - Convict Labor (Jun 2003) FAR 52.222-19 - Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan2025) (E.O.13126). FAR 52.222-35 - Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-36 - Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). FAR 52.222-37 - Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-50 - Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). FAR 52.225-1 - Buy American Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).FAR 52.232-33 - Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Systems for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.233-3 - Protest After Award (Aug 1996) FAR 52.233-4 - Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) NOTE: In addition to the listed clauses, please review the attached FAR Clause Matrix for all clauses applicable to this requirement. *The above/following clauses are incorporated by reference, entire clause(s) available at https://acquisition.gov. NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS: This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, System for Award Management and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications. In accordance with FAR 4.1201 (a), prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Please ensure completion prior to submitting a quote. Paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8 applies. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy ford
  - Email: timothy.s.ford@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: joshua miller
  - Email: JOSHUA.N.MILLER@USCG.MIL
  - Phone: 7576284801

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/87469abe986644fcb8e1f4539e4e34f8/view)