---
layout: default
title: Group 2 or Group 3 UAS Support (May 2026)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 839bc6113d7e4fa787b574d5deb19faa
---

# Group 2 or Group 3 UAS Support (May 2026)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 16:54:33.859-04
- Solicitation Number: FA483026Q0019

## Summary

This Sources Sought (SS) is an update to a previously posted (20 March 2026) RFI. There has since been an update to the requirement, so this new Sources Sought will be posted as required. This Sources Sought (SS) is issued solely for market research purposes to determine potential sources. This notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Request for Quotation (RFQ), or Invitation for Bid (IFB) and is not to Be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue an order otherwise pay for the information solicited, nor is it a guarantee of a forthcoming solicitation or contract. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement. It is the responsibility of potential quoters to monitor GSA.gov for additional information pertaining to this requirement. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES: Contractor to supply service/training opportunities for exercise operations and procedures outlined below... The 23d FG will be responsible for activities during an exercise located in South Georgia, USA during May 2026, and seeks sources for Group 2 or Group 3 UAS low observable (LO) Aircraft Systems contractor support. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to identify capable and qualified vendors that can provide drone operations and training support for a Training Exercise. Services will be conducted in South Georgia, USA. Launch & recover operations will be conducted at the discretion of the selected vendor. Requesting an agency to conduct fixed wing, multi-drone operations in support of a Training Exercise. The 23d FG requests these UAS operations to complete the following training objective: Low & slow fixed wing UAS threat detection and targeting. Aircraft will operate as red forces, but no live fire will be conducted on the aircraft (DRY operations). The UASs should be safe to operate while being lased by a Litening Gen IV training laser (1.57 m). Activities will be conducted over land. Visual Identification (VID) conducted during Defensive Counter-Air (DCA) operations is an objective. 23d FG is urgently requesting a commercial service contractor to conduct fixed wing, multi-drone operations in support of Moody UAS EX. The 23d FG is requesting agency support to procure and operate 2ea Group 2 or Group 3 drones, which can weigh up to 1319 lbs, operate between 1,000 to 18,000 ft from Mean Sea Level (MSL), and speeds as low as 80 knots up to 160 knots. The 23d FG requests these drone operations to complete the following training objective: Low & slow fixed wing UAS threat detection and targeting. Drones will operates as red forces, but no live fire will be conducted on the drones. The UASs should be safe to operate while being lased by a Litening Gen IV training laser (1.57 m). This is a new commercial service requirement and is considered a non-personal service. The 23d FG does not have the ability to produce the required Group 2 or Group 3 drones technically capable of accomplishing the intended exercise objectives. Place of performance (exercise support) will be completed in Moody, GA near the end of May 2026, with take off and landing conducted within the local area. If this drone support service is not acquired before exercise start date, the 23d FG will fail to complete a variety of C2FE and MGFE training objectives. Any critical and long lead schedule items which may impact contract performance and timely services hinges mainly on the contractor's ability to obtain proper FAA exemptions and compliance with such. These potential delays are not identified at this time. It is anticipated the vendor will identify any potential long lead times when quotes are received. Per the Statement of Work (SOW) the following is required: 1. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES. 1.1. SCOPE. This Statement of Work (SOW) defines the effort required by the Contractor to supply service/training opportunities for military exercise operations and procedures outlined below. The 23d FG will be responsible for activities during an exercise from 26-29 May 2026 during regular operating hours. 1.2. LOCATION. Services will be conducted in South Georgia, United States over land in a designated Military Operating Area (MOA). Mission planning will be conducted near the associated MOA in a secure military facility. Launch & recovery operations will be conducted at the discretion of the selected vendor. 1.3. BACKGROUND. 23d FG is requesting an agency to conduct fixed wing, multi-drone operations in support of a Training Exercise. The 23d FG requests these aircraft operations to complete the following training objective: Low & slow fixed wing UAS threat detection and targeting. Aircraft will operate as red forces, but no live fire (Kinetic) will be conducted on the drones (DRY Non-Kinetic operations). The UAS should be safe to operate while being lased by a Litening Gen IV training laser (1.57 m). Visual Identification (VID) conducted during Defensive Counter-Air (DCA) operations is an objective. Activities will be conducted over dry land in South Georgia, USA. 2. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS. 2.1. DRONE SERVICE. This contract specifically entails the service of operating drone-like aircraft. The contractor will ensure that any Aircraft Systems are not specifically procured for this contract and are already owned by the working contractor. 2.2. OPERATING HOURS. All flying operations shall be accomplished approximately May 26-29 for four (4) consecutive days. Flying will be conducted for 2 x 2 hours each day in alignment with Mission Generation Force Element (MGFE) flying operations. Exact dates and times will be provided to contractor upon award. 2.3. EQUIPMENT. The contractor will provide two (2) ea Group 2 or 3 UASs and equipment to effectively maintain and operate for training operations. UASs may be unmanned or manned (pilot on board) as long as they fit size requirements listed. 2.3.1 UASs will need to be aircraft with a 7-15 ft wingspan and 9-15ft length or something that visually replicates a Shahed signature. Aircraft must be able to mimic Shahed drone maneuvers. 3. SPECIFIC TASKS. The contractor must provide the following: 3.1. The contractor's duties shall conduct full-spectrum operation of up to 2ea Group 2 or Group 3 aircraft during the exercise window. 3.1.1. Launch & Recovery operations of two (2) ea Group 2 or Group 3 aircraft will be coordinated by the contractor. 3.2. The contractor shall participate in any requested mission planning with the affiliated MGFEs. 3.3. The contractor shall operate in the designated air spaces: Moody 2 North and South MOAs and Hawg North and South MOAs. 3.4. Operating altitude is required between 1,000 to 18,000 feet. 3.5. Operating speed shall be as low as 80 knots, and as high as 160 knots 3.6. The UAS should be safe to operate while being lased by a Litening Gen IV training laser (1.57 m) 3.7. The contractor shall maintain continuous communication with a designated planning cell POC during exercise activities. 3.8. The contractor must have the ability to reach designated MOAs from their departure/landing location. As applicable, Contractor must have the ability to acquire 14 CFR Part 107 Waivers or 49 U.S.C section 44807 exemptions and receive FAA approval (as required) prior to contract award and exercise operations, with the expectation being mid-May 2026. RESPONSES MUST ADDRESS THE FOLLOWING: Name, address, CAGE Code, SAM UEI, and main point of contact of your company. Provide a capability statement to show the ability to meet the requirement. Specify any and all socio-economic to which your business belongs (large business, small business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Section 8(a) etc.) All responses shall be received by Friday, 17 April 2026 at 3:00 PM Eastern Time. Send responses via e-mail to SSgt Justin De Jesus,justin.de_jesus@us.af.mil by the response date. Please identify the Sources Sought ID number FA483026Q0019 in the email subject line. Any questions regarding this Sources Sought can be directed to justin.de_jesus@us.af.mil or at (229) 257-2084.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SSgt Justin DeJesus
  - Email: justin.de_jesus@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292572084
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Samuel D. Garfunkel
  - Email: samuel.garfunkel.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292573947

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/839bc6113d7e4fa787b574d5deb19faa/view)