---
layout: default
title: Blanket Purchase Agreement of Laboratory Analyses Services for Worldwide Support
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 135749393a374db19fa7c7cd7c0eda44
---

# Blanket Purchase Agreement of Laboratory Analyses Services for Worldwide Support

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 11:55:54.78-04
- Solicitation Number: N3943026Q1002

## Summary

AMENDMENT 0002: this combined synopsis / solicitation has been amended, and the Small Business set-aside category has been broadened in order to promote more robust competition for these requirements, where the Government still intends to award multiple agreements for the requirement (as denoted in the attachment). Additionally, the ELIN attachment (Lab Services) have been updated, with a reduction in line items, as well to improve competition. As a result, any offeror that has previously submitted quotes for consideration will have to provide a new ELIN quote submittal, but are still elible for award consideration. At this time, the original proposal due date has been extended to April 30, 2026; were the Contracting Officer to issue any further amendments to the proposal information, they will be posted to this same public record for widest and most-timely distribution. AMENDMENT 0001: responses to RFI have been posted to close the RFI event, and historical data for informational purposes has been posted as well. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice (attachments). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The requiring activity has determined that establishment of Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPA) is both appropriate and would be advantageous, and as a result quotes are being sought for the establishment of long-term agreements as a result. Interested vendors shall prepare to furnish laboratory analyses services and associated laboratory supplies, if and when requested by the Contracting Officer (or the authorized Representative of the Contracting Officer) anticipated as (but limited to) five one-year periods starting in 2026. Attached to this advertisement are pre-award evaluation procedures, proposal requirements for responsiveness and responsibility determinations, and a full set of objectives and standards for future ordering and performance. The solicitation utilizes source selection procedures which require offerors to submit a technical proposal, past performance and experience information, and pricing quotes for evaluation by the Government; details of submittal and evaluation are listed at provisions 52.212-1 and 52.212-2, respectively. Additionally, please make note of the mandatory format for quoting pricing of laboratory analyses services and directly-associated laboratory supplies. Note: copies of NAVFAC Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) forms have been newly posted in the attachments as of December 29, 2025; in accordance with Federal regulations, the Government's preferred source of past performance are records at CPARS.gov (see FAR Subpart 42.15), but these PPQ forms may be used for state, municipal, and/or private sector projects that are appropriate as past performance. The Government may award an agreement to up to three (3) Contractors, at the Government's discretion and convenience. The Government will give fair consideration to all awardees in placing orders based on criteria stated in the solicitation. This will be a new procurement. It does not directly replace an existing contract. No prior contract information exists. UPDATED: The Government will only accept offers from Small Business concerns, but please be advised that there are also strict accreditation requirements (e.g. NELAP) to be considered as a responsible vendor. Interested, eligible Small Business concerns should, as early as possible but not later than 15 days of this notice, indicate interest in the acquisition by providing to the contracting office above evidence of capability to perform and a positive statement of eligibility as a small business concern. Competition between eligible vendors will be conducted to ensure best value selection, under Simplified Acquisition Procedures (ref: FAR Subpart

13.5 Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Products and Commercial Services). As sufficient interest was not received from WOSB concerns, the solicitation has been amended to a wider Small Business set-aside to ensure the requirements are fulfilled. [i.e. Amendment 0002] The due date for formal proposals and quotes is listed at the SAM.gov record of this combined synopsis/solicitation, is subject to change, and changes will also be posted dutifully to the SAM.gov record for public distribution. UPDATE: the RFI event has closed for participation, and responses to questions, as well as historical data from the Government's records, have been posted as Attachment JL-1 to the combined synopsis/solicitation for informational purposes. A commercial determination has been found, applicable to the Performance Work Statement (PWS) for laboratory analyses services, and so the use of provisions and clauses at FAR 12.301(b)(1-4) is applied; vendors must download attachments. Performance of laboratory services is intended to take place at the offeror’s facilities. For administrative convenience, the contracting command’s zip code will be utilized (93043).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan J. Kenniff
  - Email: ryan.j.kenniff.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 6197054260
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Nicole M. Mendes
  - Email: nicole.m.mendes2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 8058955260

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Services) have been updated, with a reduction in line items, as well to improve competition. As a result, any offeror that has previously submitted quotes for consideration will have to provide a new ELIN quote submittal, but are still elible for award consideration. At this time, the original proposal due date has been extended to April 30, 2026; were the Contracting Officer to issue any further amendments to the proposal information, they will be posted to this same public record for widest and most-timely distribution. AMENDMENT 0001: responses to RFI have been posted to close the RFI event, and historical data for informational purposes has been posted as well. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice (attachments). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The requiring activity has determined that establishment of Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPA) is both appropriate and would be advantageous, and as a result quotes are being sought for the establishment of long-term agreements as a result. Interested vendors shall prepare to furnish laboratory analyses services and associated laboratory supplies, if and when requested by the Contracting Officer (or the authorized Representative of the Contracting Officer) anticipated as (but limited to) five one-year periods starting in 2026. Attached to this advertisement are pre-award evaluation procedures, proposal requirements for responsiveness and responsibility determinations, and a full set of objectives and standards for future ordering and performance. The solicitation utilizes source selection procedures which require offerors to submit a technical proposal, past performance and experience information, and pricing quotes for evaluation by the Government; details of submittal and evaluation are listed at provisions 52.212-1 and 52.212-2, respectively. Additionally, please make note of the mandatory format for quoting pricing of laboratory analyses services and directly-associated laboratory supplies. Note: copies of NAVFAC Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) forms have been newly posted in the attachments as of December 29, 2025; in accordance with Federal regulations, the Government"s preferred source of past performance are records at CPARS.gov (see FAR Subpart 42.15), but these PPQ forms may be used for state, municipal, and/or private sector projects that are appropriate as past performance. The Government may award an agreement to up to three (3) Contractors, at the Government"s discretion and convenience. The Government will give fair consideration to all awardees in placing orders based on criteria stated in the solicitation. This will be a new procurement. It does not directly replace an existing contract. No prior contract information exists. UPDATED: The Government will only accept offers from Small Business concerns, but please be advised that there are also strict accreditation requirements (e.g. NELAP) to be considered as a responsible vendor. Interested, eligible Small Business concerns should, as early as possible but not later than 15 days of this notice, indicate interest in the acquisition by providing to the contracting office above evidence of capability to perform and a positive statement of eligibility as a small business concern. Competition between eligible vendors will be conducted to ensure best value selection, under Simplified Acquisition Procedures (ref: FAR Subpart
- Attachment 2: -1 to the combined synopsis/solicitation for informational purposes. A commercial determination has been found, applicable to the Performance Work Statement (PWS) for laboratory analyses services, and so the use of provisions and clauses at FAR 12.301(b)(1-4) is applied; vendors must download attachments. Performance of laboratory services is intended to take place at the offeror’s facilities. For administrative convenience, the contracting command’s zip code will be utilized (93043)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/135749393a374db19fa7c7cd7c0eda44/view)