---
layout: default
title: Market Survey for Elevator Maintenance and Inspection
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e501ca787dfe409c8646e94568237269
---

# Market Survey for Elevator Maintenance and Inspection

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 23:26:33.539-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR26-LRLEMI

## Summary

A market survey is being conducted to determine if there are a reasonable number of interested small business concerns to set this future project aside for them. If your firm is a Small Business, certified HUBZone, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Business, and you are interested in this project please respond appropriately. Project Location: Louisville District Lock & Dams Markland Lock & Dam 2760 US 42 West Warsaw, KY 41095 McAlpine Lock & Dam 805 North 27th Street Louisville, KY 40212 Cannelton Lock & Dam 5821 East State Road 66 Cannelton, IN 47520 Newburgh Lock & Dam 6877 State Road 66 Newburgh, IN 47630 John T Myers Lock & Dam 16501 Raben Road Mt. Vernon, IN 47620 Smithland Lock & Dam 1401 Smithland Dam Road Brookport, IL 62910 Olmsted Lock & Dam 634 New Dam Road Olmsted, IL 62970 Project Description: Work to be performed is Maintenance and Inspection of multiple elevators across the Louisville District, please see project sites listed above. Work included: Routine: Routine maintenance which will consist of a lube and exam service to each elevator will be accomplished quarterly with no interval to exceed (3) months from the last date of service. Maintenance and inspections shall be accomplished in accordance with (IAW) the elevator manufacturers’ inspection criteria and applicable requirements of ANSI A17.1, ANSI A.17.2 and ANSI A 17.3. Periodic (No-Load) Inspection: Periodic – no-load inspections will be accomplished during the first quarter of every year during the performance of routine maintenance and inspection. Inspections will be accomplished in accordance with (IAW) the elevator manufacturers’ inspection criteria and applicable requirements of ANSI A17.1, ANSI A.17.2 and ANSI A.17.3 Periodic (Full-Load) Inspection: Full-load inspections will be accomplished in each of the elevators. The Periodic Full Load Inspection will include the performance of a routine inspection. Inspections will comply with elevator manufacturers’ inspection criteria and applicable requirements of ANSI A17.1, ANSI A.17.2 and ANSI A.17.3. Repairs: For repairs necessary due to equipment malfunction or failure, the onsite Point of Contact will initiate a 1 day onsite Emergency Service Call. The Emergency Service Call shall include all labor, travel, and necessary per diem to accomplish the repairs. The Contractor shall be responsible for all costs associated with accomplishing repairs and replacements, including equipment and supplies for all equipment and systems specified or recommended by the system manufacturer. The contractor shall include the associated costs for the supplies and equipment in the Elevator PM, Repair, and Inspection portion of the bid schedule. A call will be generated that will include a statement of work to include what will be inspected and maintenance or repairs to be performed. Firms that are on the BPA will provide quotes to perform services for said call. Louisville district will award the Low Bid for each respective call. The Government will contact the awarded contractor prior to each inspection to go over scope and schedule and confirm information on what will be inspected and maintenance work to be conducted. The Government will also confirm with the contractor within 48 hours of each scheduled visit. A representative of the USACE Louisville District or Site Contact will meet the contractor on site and escort contractors to the elevator locations. Contract duration is estimated at 1825 calendar days (Base year plus follow on Option Years). NAICS code is 561210 Facilities Support Services. Size Standard of $47,000,000. All interested Small Businesses, certified HUBZONE, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business contractors should respond to this survey via Market Survey Response Form by Monday, 11 May 2026, NLT 1:00 PM Eastern Time. Responses should include: Identification and verification of the company’s small business status. Contractor’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI). Description of Experience – Provide descriptions of your firm’s past experience on up to three (3) projects with greater than 90% completion, or those projects completed within the last five years which are similar to this project in size, scope and dollar value. Provide documentation demonstrating experience for projects of similar types involving elevator maintenance, inspections and repairs. Projects similar in Scope to this project include: A project of similar scope requires demonstrated experience providing comprehensive, full-service elevator maintenance for hydraulic and/or traction elevators, preferably in an industrial or heavy-duty operational environment. Interested firms should provide project examples that showcase proficiency in the following three core areas: Scheduled Maintenance & Inspections: Experience performing routine preventative maintenance (e.g., quarterly lubrication, examination, and adjustment) and conducting formal, code-required periodic inspections (both no-load and full-load). All work must demonstrate strict adherence to the latest editions of ASME A17.1, A17.2, and A17.3 standards. On-Call Troubleshooting & Diagnostics: The capability to provide unscheduled, on-call emergency response to diagnose and troubleshoot equipment malfunctions. This includes providing qualified technicians capable of identifying the root cause of mechanical or electrical system failures. Projects similar in size to this project include: Experience managing and executing elevator services across (3) geographically dispersed locations or (3) locations concurrently. Based on definitions above, for each project submitted include: a. scope of the project b. size of the project c. original contract amount, pending and actual modification cost d. the portion and percentage of work that was self-performed e. Current percentage of work complete and the date when it was or will be completed. Small Businesses are reminded under FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting; they must perform at least 15% of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with the firm’s own employees for general construction-type procurement. Include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project, and how it will be accomplished. NOTE: Please only include a narrative of the requested information; additional information will not be reviewed. Submission Requirement: The only authorized transmission method of responses is via filling out the survey form. No other transmission method will be accepted. Please limit your capability statement to the space provided within the form. The Market Survey Response Form can be accessed at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/gg1zx44jdN This is NOT a Request for Proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Responses to this sources sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately for responses to this market survey. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity's registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier (known as DUNS). The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes of the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.sam.gov).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alyson Klinglesmith
  - Email: alyson.m.klinglesmith@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5023156463

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e501ca787dfe409c8646e94568237269/view)