---
layout: default
title: 6530--Lift Seat 450
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 76708f9f428e4324854eea65922bcd0c
---

# 6530--Lift Seat 450

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 15:23:33.565-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0348
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2026-01. This solicitation is set aside for SMALL BUSINESS The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 326191, with a small business size standard of 750 Employees. The FSC/PSC is 6530. The West Roxbury VA Medical Center 1400 VFW Parkway West Roxbury, MA 02132-4927 is seeking to purchase (13) LiftSeat 450 Model with accessories. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure LS450-AP-655 5 LiftSeat 450 Model / Battery-Powered. 450 lbs. capacity Includes wheels, push bar, battery charger, battery, hand pendant, and commode bucket. 13 EACH LS300-BA-100 Battery for LS400, LS450 and LS 600 Models 13 EACH LS000-CB-110 Commode Bucket, Universal, Elongated, 10 EA/BX 4 EACH LS000-SG-110 Splash Guard, Universal, Elongated, 10 EA/BX 4 EACH Statement of Objectives (SOO) SEPG 476743

1.0 SCOPE OF REQUIREMENT Procurement of Thirteen (13) (replacement past life expectancy) Battery Powered Sit to Stand, ergonomic, portable, Bariatric LiftSeat Bedside Commodes for our Med/Surg Wards at our West Roxbury Campus at the VA Boston Healthcare System, a 1A level VA Medical Center in New England. The Department of Veteran Affairs, VISN 01, VA Boston Healthcare System, 1400 VFW Parkway, West Roxbury MA 02132 ** Please click on link below for specific Clinical Bedside Powered Sit to Stand LiftSeat Portable Commode information that we already have all over our 4 main campuses at VA Boston and that our staff and residents are already used to using and are trained on: https://www.liftseat.com/sites/default/files/LS450_DataSheet.pdf The objective of this procurement is to provide: The objective of this procurement is to acquire electronically powered, ergonomic, portable sit to stand LiftSeat commodes to support the Safe Patient Handling and Mobility (SPH&M) Program. VA Boston has standardized the use of LiftSeat devices due to their proven ergonomic, safety, and barrier free features that enhance patient mobility while reducing caregiver injury risk. These clinical commodes provide controlled, powered assistance from sitting to standing, and from standing back to a seated position. This capability significantly mitigates fall risk during both phases of the sit to stand transfer, particularly for post operative patients recovering from open heart surgery, orthopedic joint replacement, and major thoracic or spinal procedures. Early mobilization beginning on post operative day zero is clinically supported to improve outcomes, reduce complications, and shorten length of stay, aligning with the VA Boston Early Mobility Program. Patients on post operative day zero often present with weakness due to anesthesia and surgical invasiveness and may be unable to independently stand especially after toileting. The powered LiftSeat system enables safe elevation to the standing position without requiring manual lifting, thereby reducing musculoskeletal strain and potential injury to nursing staff. This aligns with national SPH&M directives requiring the use of optimal ergonomic equipment to prevent caregiver cumulative trauma injuries associated with repetitive bending and sustained stooping postures. The swing up armrests support safe lateral and slide board transfers, an essential feature for veterans recovering from surgical amputations or other mobility limiting conditions. Protecting veteran safety and dignity remains the primary mission, and continued standardization of this equipment, consistent with SPH&M practices since 2010, is expected to further decrease employee injury rates and enhance overall patient handling safety in accordance with High Reliability Organization (HRO) principles.

1.1 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE VA Boston Healthcare System 1400 VFW Parkway Warehouse Building 5 West Roxbury, MA 02301 Contact for delivery coordination is Gregory Meyer, Gregory.meyer2@vagov 1-617-799-7890 VA Cell or VA office: 1-774-826-3023 Or Lori.ludovina@va.gov Cell phone for Lori is 1-508-

1.2 HOURS OF OPERATIONS 13 of the commodes are going to our med-surg wards in West Roxbury but must come through our warehouse first, which is in building 5. There, they will be EE tagged and RTLS tagged by our logistics staff and electrically inspected by our engineering team. Mr. Thong Dang should be contacted. The warehouse is open from 7am-3:00pm Monday through Friday only and is closed on all Federal holidays. Best contact number for the lead of the West Roxbury warehouse, Joe Austin, is: 1-857-203-5832

1.3 POINTS OF CONTACT Requestor: Gregory R. Meyer, DPT, GCS, Safe Patient Handling & Mobility Program Manager Email: Gregory.meyer2@va.gov Phone: 1-617-799-7890 Requestors Service: Nursing Patient Care Services Delivery and Warehouse Information: Delivery schedule shall occur from 7:00am to 3:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Holidays at the West Roxbury VA Medical Center. 1400 VFW Parkway, Building 5, West Roxbury MA 02132 Note to the Awarded Vendor: We need to receive the serial numbers via email to Gregory.meyer2@va.gov at least 3 business days in advance of when the planned shipment will arrive be of the 13 commodes. Also, we need at least one week notice of the planned and agreed upon shipment date. Warehouse Contact Information: West Roxbury 857-203-5832 Jamaica Plain 857-364-6054 Brockton 774-826-1937

2.0 DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT We seek to procure thirteen (13) battery powered ergonomic bedside commodes capable of providing controlled, electronic sit to stand and stand to sit assistance. Each unit must be equipped with four locking casters to ensure safe transport and secure positioning during use. The commodes shall include swing up armrests to facilitate unobstructed lateral transfers, including slide board transfers, for patients with mobility limitations. Units must maneuver easily throughout the facility and lock securely in place for both bedside and over the toilet applications. A streamlined, compact frame is required to enable use in restricted or high traffic clinical spaces. To comply with ADA standards, the commodes must provide a minimum seat height of 19 inches, with adjustable height up to at least 21.5 inches to accommodate taller Veteran patients. Each device must support a minimum safe working load of 450 pounds to ensure suitability for our Veterans of size. The seating platform shall feature a wide, ergonomic, easy to clean transfer surface built flush with the base to allow stable positioning. Grab bars must be durable, stable, and liftable as described above. A pod style enclosure is required to house mechanical components, permitting efficient cleaning by SPS/SPD teams, along with an open front design that enables thorough cleaning of the commode and surrounding area. The commode must incorporate an innovative drop in commode bucket system with hygienic containment and a splash guard feature to support bedside toileting. A handheld control pendant is required to allow caregivers to operate the powered lifting mechanism safely and efficiently. SPECIFIC INTERNAL LOCATION OF REQUIREMENTS: Campus Room # EIL Quantity Email Contact WX AB12-02-WR 23152 13 Gregory.meyer2@va.gov Lori.ludovina@va.gov

3.0 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS Description of any specific requirements that are in addition to the

2.0 Description of Requirements or the

1.0 Scope of Requirements did not cover. This section includes salient characteristics of the items needed. Imagine if the item isn t a sole source product and there are multiple sources available that can provide the item you need or its equivalent. What would be the requirements needed to be met by the vendors products to meet the minimum acceptable requirements? Minimum/Maximum heights, weights, colors, sizes etc. Technical, price, and past performance. Technical salient characteristics: SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS - Powered Ergonomic Portable Sit to Stand Bariatric Bedside Commode 450 lb. weight capacity Flat transfer seat on the sides of the actual toilet seat Battery powered unit with initial 24 hour required charge and then 4 hour recharge time Swivel locking large wheels that can be set to lock in place or allow straight motion only or swivel freely when being pushed by a caregiver HEIGHT: 35 (at push bar) SEATING HEIGHT: 19 to 21.5 (adjustable) WIDTH: 24 / 21.5 (outside/inside grab bars) BASE FOOTPRINT: 26 x 27 WEIGHT RATING: 450 pounds The base of toilet must be white Color of arm rests and caregiver push bar must be chrome Color of brakes must be mostly bright red for safety purposes The following standard items relate to records generated in executing the contract and should be included in a typical procurement contract: 1. Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C chapters 21, 29, 31 and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. 2. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. 3. Contractors should not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. 4. Contractors shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any delivery that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. 5. Contractor should not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. 6. The Government Agency owns the rights to all records produced as part of this contract. 7. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. Contractors must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. 8. Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. 9. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the CO. The Agency & its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. 10. Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information. Delivery shall be provided no later than 30-45 days after receipt of order (ARO). Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: 1400 VFW Parkway, West Roxbury, MA Postal Code: 02132-4927 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) (a)Â Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include (1)Â The solicitation number; (2)Â The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3)Â The Offeror s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4)Â Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5)Â Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6)Â A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b)Â Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c)Â Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1)Â Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2)Â Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is late and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3)Â If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4)Â Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d)Â Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror s initial offer should contain the Offeror s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e)Â Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1)Â The agency s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror s offer. (2)Â The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3)Â The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4)Â A summary of the rationale for award. (5)Â For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6)Â Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) All quoters shall submit the following: QUOTE All quotes shall be sent to the Contract Specialist, Divianna Mathurin, divianna.mathurin@va.gov Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial services. The following are the decision factors: 1. Price 2. Speed of delivery 3. Past Performance Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services Nov 2023 To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than APRIL 29, 2026, at 10AM EST. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Contract Specialist Divianna Mathurin Divianna.mathurin@va.gov 914-325-3258

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Divianna Mathurin
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Divianna.mathurin@va.gov
  - Phone: 914-325-3258

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/76708f9f428e4324854eea65922bcd0c/view)