---
layout: default
title: ZOA ARTCC Replace Security Fence
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: dd968f78d0fd4983bc997ca5754bfdf9
---

# ZOA ARTCC Replace Security Fence

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-15 13:53:43.607-04
- Solicitation Number: 6973GH-26-R-00021

## Summary

Questions and Answers posted on 03.15.2026 See Attachment Section for Questions and Answers as of 02.19.2026. ________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 0001 posted on 03.02.2026 See formal SF30 Amendment titled "6973GH-26-R-00021 Amendment 0001" in the attachments/links section. This amendment makes changes to the solicitation as detailed on page 1 of the amendment which states: The purpose of Amendment 0001 is the following: 1. The due date for proposal submission is extended from 06 March 2026 to 20 March 2026. 2. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged and in full force and effect. All offerors are required to acknowledge Amendment 0001 on page 2 of the SIR or provide a signed copy of the amendment (SF30) with their bid submission. If this amendment is not acknowledged or signed, the bid will be considered non-responsive. Note: The FAR references cited in SAM.gov are not applicable to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) as the FAA has its own policies and guidance referenced in the Acquisition Management System (AMS). _________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Questions and Answers posted on 02.27.2026 See Attachment Section for Questions and Answers as of 02.09.2026. ***Still pending RFI responses.___ _________________________________________________________________________________________________________ The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has a requirement for professional services to furnish all labor, equipment, materials, and supervision for the demolition and installation of fencing around ZOA ARTCC located in Fremont, CA. It is anticipated that a Firm Fixed Price stand-alone contract pricing arrangement will be awarded as a result of this solicitation. The NAICS code applicable to this requirement is 238990. The business size standard for this NAICS is $19M. Contractors must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM), www.sam.gov, on the date established for receipt of offers. Reference AMS Clause 3.3.1-33, paragraph (d), "if the offeror does not become registered in the SAM database in the time prescribed by the Contracting Officer, the Contracting Officer may proceed to award the next successful registered Offeror." The FAA reserves the right to review and verify each offeror's program eligibility. Potential offerors should note that the FAA reserves the right to communicate with one or more offerors at any time during the SIR process. This SIR/RFO is not to be construed as a contract or a commitment of any kind. The Government shall not be liable for payment of any costs attributed to the preparation and submission of proposals. All questions regarding the project/specifications/plans must be received in writing (Samantha.A.Pearce@faa.gov) no later than 3:00 p.m. CT, 1 week prior to the closing date, to allow for responses to be provided prior to the due date for receipt of proposals. Per AMS Clause 3.2.2.3-63 SITE VISIT (CONSTRUCTION) (JUL 2004), a site visit is scheduled for 10 February 2026 at 10:00 AM Local Time, meet at guest check-in, 5125 Central Avenue, Fremont, CA 94536. Please email the contracting officer at least four (4) days in advance if planning to attend the site visit. Any responses received after the time specified may not be considered in accordance with AMS Provision 3.2.2.3-14, Late Submissions, Modifications, and Withdrawals of Submittals, incorporated by reference in the solicitation. If all requested information is not furnished, the vendor's response may be determined ineligible. Note: The FAR references cited in SAM.gov are not applicable to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), as the FAA has its own policies and guidance referenced in the Acquisition Management System (AMS). You can learn more about the FAA’s acquisition process at the following link: https://fast.faa.gov/PPG_Procurement.cfm.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha Pearce
  - Email: samantha.a.pearce@faa.gov
  - Phone: 4059547739

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for Questions and Answers as of 02.19.2026. ________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 0001 posted on 03.02.2026 See formal SF30 Amendment titled "6973GH-26-R-00021 Amendment 0001" in the attachments/links section. This amendment makes changes to the solicitation as detailed on page 1 of the amendment which states: The purpose of Amendment 0001 is the following: 1. The due date for proposal submission is extended from 06 March 2026 to 20 March 2026. 2. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged and in full force and effect. All offerors are required to acknowledge Amendment 0001 on page 2 of the SIR or provide a signed copy of the amendment (SF30) with their bid submission. If this amendment is not acknowledged or signed, the bid will be considered non-responsive. Note: The FAR references cited in SAM.gov are not applicable to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) as the FAA has its own policies and guidance referenced in the Acquisition Management System (AMS). _________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Questions and Answers posted on 02.27.2026 See Attachment Section for Questions and Answers as of 02.09.2026. ***Still pending RFI responses.___ _________________________________________________________________________________________________________ The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has a requirement for professional services to furnish all labor, equipment, materials, and supervision for the demolition and installation of fencing around ZOA ARTCC located in Fremont, CA. It is anticipated that a Firm Fixed Price stand-alone contract pricing arrangement will be awarded as a result of this solicitation. The NAICS code applicable to this requirement is 238990. The business size standard for this NAICS is $19M. Contractors must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM), www.sam.gov, on the date established for receipt of offers. Reference AMS Clause 3.3.1-33, paragraph (d), "if the offeror does not become registered in the SAM database in the time prescribed by the Contracting Officer, the Contracting Officer may proceed to award the next successful registered Offeror." The FAA reserves the right to review and verify each offeror"s program eligibility. Potential offerors should note that the FAA reserves the right to communicate with one or more offerors at any time during the SIR process. This SIR/RFO is not to be construed as a contract or a commitment of any kind. The Government shall not be liable for payment of any costs attributed to the preparation and submission of proposals. All questions regarding the project/specifications/plans must be received in writing (Samantha.A.Pearce@faa.gov) no later than 3:00 p.m. CT, 1 week prior to the closing date, to allow for responses to be provided prior to the due date for receipt of proposals. Per AMS Clause 3.2.2.3-63 SITE VISIT (CONSTRUCTION) (JUL 2004), a site visit is scheduled for 10 February 2026 at 10:00 AM Local Time, meet at guest check-in, 5125 Central Avenue, Fremont, CA 94536. Please email the contracting officer at least four (4) days in advance if planning to attend the site visit. Any responses received after the time specified may not be considered in accordance with AMS Provision 3.2.2.3-14, Late Submissions, Modifications, and Withdrawals of Submittals, incorporated by reference in the solicitation. If all requested information is not furnished, the vendor"s response may be determined ineligible. Note: The FAR references cited in SAM.gov are not applicable to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), as the FAA has its own policies and guidance referenced in the Acquisition Management System (AMS). You can learn more about the FAA’s acquisition process at the following link: https://fast.faa.gov/PPG_Procurement.cfm

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dd968f78d0fd4983bc997ca5754bfdf9/view)