---
layout: default
title: SF 330 Request for Large A&E Services, Ellsworth AFB, SD
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 7ae1b92944cf4ea6bed0c56a4a65e20b
---

# SF 330 Request for Large A&E Services, Ellsworth AFB, SD

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 12:29:41.652-04
- Solicitation Number: FA469026RA-E

## Summary

This notice has been amended as of 27 March 2026 to address questions from potential vendors. Please see the attachment "Q and A - 27 Mar 26" for a collection of questions and answers since 18 March 2026. The below description has been similarly updated to reflect these clarifications. THIS IS A NOTICE ONLY FOR SUBMISSION OF ARCHITECT-ENGINEERING QUALIFICATION PACKAGES, SF 330. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, OR DRAWINGS, ETC., ASSOCIATED WITH THIS NOTICE. DESCRIPTION: ARCHITECT AND ENGINEER (A-E) SERVICES FOR INDEFINITE DELIVERY TYPE CONTRACT(S) FOR DESIGN OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS, GENERAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES, SUPPORTING SERVICES, TITLE I, AND TITLE II INSPECTION SERVICES AT ELLSWORTH AFB, SD. 1. This requirement is being procured in accordance with the Brooks Act (Public Law 92-582) as implemented in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 36.6. Firms will be selected for negotiation based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required work. This procurement is UNRESTRICTED FULL AND OPEN for firms classified under NAICS Code 541330. The firm's capability statement shall demonstrate the qualification necessary to meet the requirement. Additionally, the selected firm(s) must perform the primary Architectural and Engineering civil-structural disciplines and may employ qualified consultants to perform other disciplines. Before a business is proposed as a potential contractor, they must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) accessed at http://www.sam.gov. Failure to register may render the A-E Firm ineligible for award. Professional services shall include Title I, Title II, Base Comprehensive Plans and other A-E services. A-E's with engineering categories of civil and structural will be considered. A professional Architect and/or Engineer in the appropriate discipline, licensed in any of the 50 States, shall stamp all contract drawings. Title I Design services may be required for programming, comprehensive planning, area development design of new facilities; or the renovation, repair, and maintenance of residential, commercial, and Industrial facilities; Including road/bridges, infrastructure, utilities, corrosion control, and environmental restoration. Design services may include preliminary conceptual sketches; presentation drawings; final construction drawings (mylars), AutoCAD drawings, REVIT drawings, SketchUp drawings; specifications utilizing the Unified Facilities Guide Specifications (UFGS) (In special circumstances, alternative specifications formats may be required based on specialized materials or construction techniques being utilized); economic analysis; construction cost and time estimates; engineering calculations; logs and study reports. Projects may include various combination of architectural, interior design, landscape architecture, structural, civil, geotechnical, mechanical, electrical, environmental and other engineering and technical disciplines. Investigative services may include studies, reports, design analyses, constructability and peer reviews, surveys, and cost estimates. Title II Services may be required for the supervision and inspection of construction projects. The selected A-E’s will need to become familiar with Ellsworth AFB's facility design, anti-terrorism and CAD Standards as well as other Government codes that may be required for selective completed projects. 2. Scope of Services: Procure professional services shall include Title I, Title II, Base Comprehensive Plans, and other Architect and Engineering (A-E) Services in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 36. Firms will be selected for negotiation based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required A-E services. Projects will vary by type, scope, and complexity requiring the use of various and multiple facility design disciplines and related technical services. A-E services for Architecture, Master Planning, Civil and Site Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Structural and Seismic Engineering, Fire Protection, Environmental Engineering, Landscape Architect, Cost Estimating, Project and Program Management, and Geotechnical Engineering and Investigations will be required. Other professional services for comprehensive planning, studies, reproduction, electronic document posting, and construction management/administration shall be required. The A-E will be required to prepare studies, plans, conceptual drawings, drawings, technical specifications, cost estimates, analysis, reports, and value engineering as required for a variety of maintenance, repair, alteration, and renovation for delivery of construction projects. Services provided will be for a multitude of services for large projects to include restoration and modernization projects; major construction (addition/remodel); maintenance (repair/alteration) of existing real property. Firms should have the capability to respond to a very short performance timeline for projects which contain specialized discipline requirements and keen management / project oversight. 3. Contract Information: Open-end A-E contracts will be issued for a ten year contract consisting of a base five-year ordering period followed by five, one-year options. Up to four (4) A-E Open- End contracts may be awarded based on amount and type (up to two (2) firms whose primary discipline is Architectural and up to two (2) firms whose primary discipline is Civil Engineering) of projected workload and availability of funds under NAICS code 541330. The total fees for the five-year base plus five one-year options ordering period shall not exceed $5,000,000. Each proposed contract will consist of negotiated fixed priced delivery orders with a guaranteed overall minimum of $500 over the life of the contract, and a maximum contract capacity of $5,000,000. 4. Selection Criteria: Evaluation factors include the following: a. Specialized experience and technical competence. b. Professional qualifications. c. Past performance with respect to execution of DoD and other contracts. d. Professional capacity for timely accomplishment of the work. e. Volume of work previously awarded by this office and DoD. f. Design experience in past projects that are similar in climate and environment conditions to the general geographic location of Ellsworth AFB, e.g., ASHRAE zone, frost line penetration, wind loads, and snow loads. Evaluation factors "a" through "c" are the most critical. Least important are evaluation factors "d" through "f". Contractors shall use recent contracts for development of their qualifications package. Recent is defined as a project completed within five (5) years of the SF 330 due date. The submission package should include sufficient examples to clearly demonstrate their qualifications. There is no page limit on the submission package. This announcement shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. Potential interested parties are responsible for downloading their own copy of the SF 330. 5. Interested firms should respond to this announcement by submitting one copy of the SF 330, Architect-Engineer Qualifications, via the following electronic media: electronic mail NOT LATER THAN 4 May 2026, 1:00 PM MDT. All questions should be submited NO LATER THAN 27 April 2026, 1:00 PM MDT, one week prior to the qualification package due date. Contract award is anticipated to be in August 2026 timeframe. All responses must be sent in PDF or Microsoft Word format to: noah.wilmore@us.af.mil and/or jason.wright.30@us.af.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Noah F. Wilmore
  - Email: noah.wilmore@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jason Wright
  - Email: jason.wright.30@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6053851744

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7ae1b92944cf4ea6bed0c56a4a65e20b/view)