---
layout: default
title: Design Build Repair and Alterations, Limestone Land Port of Entry, Maine
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c416fb3b057b4d7b8787790105ba08ff
---

# Design Build Repair and Alterations, Limestone Land Port of Entry, Maine

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 16:44:08.522-04
- Solicitation Number: 47PB5126R0009

## Summary

THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) AND SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE (SSN) for Design Build (DB) Services for U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) at Limestone Land Port of Entry (LPOE), Maine. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA), Public Building Service (PBS), Acquisition Project Delivery – Capital Construction Division (PQA), is conducting market research: (1) To determine if there are adequate Small Business, HUBZone small business, Women-Owned small business, or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned small business contractors capable of performing the construction services for the requirement described herein. If it is determined that adequate competition exists, the GSA may set the requirement aside for competition among the selected group. This project has received an exception that waives the Project Labor Agreement (PLA) requirement. Therefore, the Aroostook County Davis Bacon Rates will apply. GSA PBS PQA is seeking all qualified, interested sources (both Large and Small Businesses) to respond to this RFI to provide Design-Build (DB) Services for the Repair and Alterations of Limestone Land Port of Entry (LPOE), Limestone, Maine. Under the DB project delivery method, the General Contractor is awarded a performance-based specification where Design and Construction is completed under the same contract. This design build project will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract. Limestone is located at 410 Grand Falls Road in Limestone, Maine, directly across from the Canadian Border Patrol Station at Gillespie Portage. It connects Maine to Grand-Sault, New Brunswick, Canada. The Limestone LPOE was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014, recognized as one of several border crossing stations built between 1930 and 1943 to accommodate increased automobile traffic at remote border locations. Like other stations from this era, the Limestone LPOE is situated along an automobile road in a remote section of the border and provides space for inspections, a holding area, office space, and living quarters for officers. The tenants include the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and GSA. This Repair & Alterations project aims to enhance security at the port and border crossings. The project scope includes constructing a secondary inspection bay and a soft secondary overhang, replacing and renovating pavement around the port, installing a perimeter fence and gates, and adding site lighting along the perimeter and facility. The existing generator will be removed and turned over to the Government, with a new appropriately sized generator installed. The project also involves demolishing the existing primary inspection booth in the main port building and installing a new booth between the inbound POV lane and the commercial traffic lane. Additionally, a new fire alarm system will be installed and integrated into the GSA monitoring system, along with new security cameras throughout the port. The port will be fully operational and occupied during construction. The hours of operation are 6:00am to 6:00pm/12 hours per day/7 days per week. Any resultant contract shall adhere to the GSA PBS Core Buildings Standards, Building Information Modeling (BIM), and DHS CBP requirements and guidelines. This office anticipates award of this construction contract in Summer of 2026. Contract duration is estimated to be 2 years (24 months). Estimated magnitude of construction: $3,000,000 TO $12,000,000. The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. The Small Business Size Standard is $45M. All interested parties may submit to the Contracting Officer a written Letter of Interest including a Capability Statement addressing the following information (10) single sided page limit in Portable Document Format (PDF). Additional pages will not be considered. All information submitted is subject to verification. Additional information may be requested to substantiate responses. The Government will use this information to assess your firm’s capability to perform this project. QUESTIONS: Name of your company, Unique Entity ID (SAM), address, point of contact with phone number and email address. Does your company have an active registration at www.sam.gov? Business size for the assigned NAICS code, which can be located at the U.S. Small Business Administration website: www.sba.gov. In addition to the size of business, indicate any other socioeconomic designations such as 8(a), Small Disadvantaged Business, HUBZone Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, and/or Women-Owned Small Business. The capability to perform a contract of this magnitude, scope, size and complexity. Provide your company’s Design-Build Projects, show any experience on historic structures, site civil projects with new building construction and/or renovations of existing Facilities. The three projects must have a minimum construction cost of $10millon and be completed within the past seven (7) years. Customer names and phone numbers, type of building, timeliness of performance, dollar value, tenant occupied during the construction projects. Also, include Key personnel involved in the project and major scope of work elements. Work performed as a subcontractor is not considered as evidence of capability to succeed as a prime contractor. Provide evidence of your company's bonding capability verifying the ability to bond a single project of a magnitude up to $40,000,000. In addition, provide evidence of your company’s aggregate bonding capacity. If your company is/will be part of a joint venture, state the name(s) of the joint venture members, the business size(s) of each and Unique Entity ID (SAM) . If you are responding to this Notice from outside the geographic location of the work, please provide a narrative detailing how you would perform the work at a fair and reasonable price to the Government. Demonstrate experience dealing with any of the following: extreme cold climate conditions, construction in remote area, secure facilities. RESPONSES TO THIS RFI ARE DUE NO LATER THAN (NLT) April 14, 2026, AT 2:00 PM LOCAL BOSTON TIME. Electronic submission (no more than 25MB) of the statement of capabilities package may be submitted to: Emily Jackson (Contracting Officer) at emily.jackson@gsa.gov. Please include the subject line: “Limestone LPOE RFI Response”. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed to Emily Jackson by email or by phone at (617) 283-2568. In addition to the above, should any interested party like to meet with GSA to discuss this RFI, please contact Emily Jackson to schedule. Responses to this RFI shall be used for planning purposes only and shall not commit GSA to issue a solicitation(s) for this requirement. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from the respondents as a result of this market research. It is, however, anticipated that solicitation or solicitations based on the outcome of this market survey will be published and that a subsequent contract or contracts from the solicitation(s) will be awarded.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Emily Jackson
  - Email: Emily.Jackson@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 6172832568
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Michele Valenza
  - Email: michele.valenza@gsa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c416fb3b057b4d7b8787790105ba08ff/view)