---
layout: default
title: 6530--OR Boom and Light VA-26-00042643
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1a307d65eebb42adb6e04d7bb595bb85
---

# 6530--OR Boom and Light VA-26-00042643

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 12:54:15.516-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0261
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This amendment extends the closing date to April 1st, 2026 and adds system specifications. Booms Specifications for VA Togus 1. Movement and Positioning: The arm lengths must be capable of working in tandem with upper arm assemblies, swinging freely without colliding off a single spindle, ensuring smooth and unobstructed movement. The heavy-duty system must include Active Assist Positioning, which functions automatically, requiring no direct input from the user (no buttons to push), for drift control. There will be an option to add a parking/hold button feature. Each arm will nest within the arm above it, ensuring that it does not impede rotation, allowing for more efficient movement and positioning. The boom arm assembly must allow the positioning of the equipment carrier anywhere around the table from the left to right shoulder areas, providing flexible equipment placement. The Surgical Boom system must be capable of integrating with the Surgical Lighting system and vice versa from a single spindle and must offer a variety of arm lengths. 2. Load Management and Design Equipment carriers must feature a center-aligned design for balanced load carrying, with optional modular front shelf supports that can be added or removed on-site. This design eliminates cantilevered shelving and provides a smaller rotational footprint. All articulation points of booms, lights, and flat screens must allow for up to 360 degrees of rotation, providing full flexibility and ease of use in all positioning. Booms must include an internal physical barrier between the gases and electrical and communication outlets, ensuring safe and organized utility management. Equipment carrier must provide the capability to add and remove shelves, shelf support brackets, and add additional shelf extensions for future shelf capacity. Carrier shelf support brackets must have integrated Skytrak channels for easy equipment mounting. Must provide modular display bracket to support 26-37 displays. Heavy duty boom arm must have 19 of upward travel and 12 of downward travel. Lightweight spring arm for flat screens must hold up to 110lbs. Spring arm must travel upward 23 and downward 23 based on ceiling height. Spring arm monitor brackets must have over rotation of 420°. Equipment carrier must be designed for future clinical requirements allowing additional video, medical gas, electrical and data to be added. 3. Articulation and Rotation: All articulation points of booms, lights, and flat screens must allow for up to 360 degrees of rotation, providing full flexibility and ease of use in all positioning. The boom monitor arms must be capable of accepting displays up to 37 with 420-degree flat screen rotation, enhancing viewing angles. 4. Height and Reach: The system must provide a minimum of 31 of vertical travel for equipment and 46 for displays on all height-adjustable arms to accommodate various user needs and equipment configurations. 5. Safety and Testing: Heavy equipment arms must utilize the Active Assist positioning and braking system, which automatically engages and disengages the braking function without user input (no buttons or handles). Each boom mount must be tested by a certified technician prior to installation to ensure deflection does not exceed the specified threshold. A report validating a successful test for each mount location must be provided. The system must undergo simulation loading and testing to ensure the solid construction and secure mounting structure of all components. 6. Installation: The installation of all booms and related equipment must be completed by factory-trained, certified technicians to ensure proper setup, functionality, and compliance with safety standards. Each boom mount must be tested by a certified technician prior to installation to ensure deflection does not exceed the specified threshold. A report validating a successful test for each mount location must be provided. Must include a post-installation report detailing all specifications have been met and are complete 7. Configurations: Surgical Boom Arm Configuration: The Surgical Boom arm, one display arms, and single light arms will be mounted on one single fixture hub/spindle (5 arms). *Not 2 separate spindles next to each other Heavy Equipment and Display Configuration: One heavy equipment arms, one display arm, and one surgical light will be mounted on a single fixture hub/spindle (4 arms). *Not 2 separate spindles next to each other Optional Combination of Multiple Arms: Provide up to 4 arms from one single spindle, allowing equipment carriers (or anesthesia), another equipment carrier (or anesthesia), 1 light-duty arm to support a display or small utility, and 1 surgical light to be combined from a single mounting structure. *Not 2 separate spindles next to each other Optional Combination of Multiple Arms: Up to 5 arms can be combined from one single spindle, allowing equipment carrier (or anesthesia), 1 or 2 light-duty arms for displays or small utility boxes, and 1 or 2 surgical lights from a single mounting structure. *Not 2 separate spindles next to each 8. Boom and Equipment Design: The monitor boom must have a minimum reach of 93 from the center of the boom hub to the center of the vertical tube supporting the monitor bracket. The design must allow all arms and components to be mounted on a single hub/spindle, ensuring efficient use of space and smoother operation. This includes configurations with multiple arms (e.g., equipment, displays, surgical lights) on one spindle, ensuring there are no separate spindles next to each other. The equipment carrier must be center-aligned for balanced load carrying and include optional modular front shelf supports to protect the equipment. These supports can be added or removed on-site, ensuring flexibility. The design must have no cantilevered shelving for a smaller rotational footprint. An Active Assist smart positioning system must be provided on the heavy-duty system, allowing automatic positioning without user input. This system ensures precise control, eliminating the need for buttons or manual adjustments. The equipment boom (head or foot) must include medical gas delivery/equipment boom, dual side-by-side displays or one independent display arms, and one or two surgical lights from a single hub. The design must also feature three supports/mounts for the shelves, ensuring proper load distribution and stability. Heavy equipment arms (300 series) must include integrated automatic Soft Stop braking to avoid sudden stops, reducing strain on both the user and equipment. This system will function without the need for external activation buttons. Each Boom arm must be a specific length and elevation to match the layout in the fabrication drawing. This will ensure proper clearance with all other ceiling and floor mounted equipment and ensure adequate reach and placement of all equipment specified by the fabrication drawing set.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Manases Cabrera
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: manases.cabrera@va.gov
  - Phone: 781-687-4418

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1a307d65eebb42adb6e04d7bb595bb85/view)