---
layout: default
title: Industry and Government Technical Information Exchange / Industry Days Event – Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 2bb20de390d44ab2b81c90e0e628c457
---

# Industry and Government Technical Information Exchange / Industry Days Event – Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-09 14:45:40.351-04

## Summary

Effective March 9th, 2026, Added five (5) attachments "Pages 1-500 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes" , "Pages 501-600 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes", "Pages 601-700 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes", "Pages 701-900 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes", and "Pages 901-1005 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes-2". All other information within the announcement is unchanged. Effective January 21, 2026, Added attachment "C2B2P Project Slides - 15 Jan 2026". All other information within the announcement is unchanged. Effective January 14, 2026, the announcement has undergone minor revisions. These include adding Event Information at the top of the announcement, and updating the agenda to include the new location. All other information within the announcement is unchanged. Event Information added January 14, 2026: Instructions for Attendees: If you have confirmed your attendance, keep an eye on your email for further instructions and details, which will be sent out before the first day of the event. Support for Travelers: For travelers who require assistance, Charley Jackson, Jr. is available 24/7. He can be reached at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil or by phone at (571) 588-9138. Presentations & Materials: All event presentations and documents will be provided electronically. You can find them either on the sam.gov announcement page or in an email sent to confirmed participants. Please be aware that no printed copies of these materials will be available. Biographies of potential Army Leader attendees are now available on the SAM.gov announcement (https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6b8c7484ab994705aaccdaf14af68777/view). Virtual Participation: For those attending virtually, please note that while we will strive to provide a seamless online experience, the U.S. Government cannot be held responsible for interruptions caused by technology issues or internet outages. We will, however, do our best to maintain a successful virtual environment. Special Notice: Industry and Government Technical Information Exchange / Industry Days Event – Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE Hosted by the Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) with several Army partners. Date: January 20-23, 2026, Time: See agenda below Note: JBLM is in the Pacific time zone and all times are local to JBLM. Tuesday January 20, 2026 Travel day to JBLM. 1500 [Optional] Introductory Meeting - JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) Wednesday January 21, 2026 0800 - 0930 Overview Presentations – JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) 0930 - 0940 Break 0940 - 1050 Presentations - JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) 1050 – 1200 Lunch - Lunch options are available at the Exchange Food Court. Lunch will be at your own expense. 1300 - 1500 Projects Windshield Tour – Various locations with transportation provided by JBLM. 1500-1600 Return to JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) for Final comments and Day 1 Closing Thursday January 22, 2026 0800 - 1100 Discussion Period / Panels – JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) 1100 – 1600 Breakout sessions (up to 25 Mins for each company), one way feedback from Companies to the USG. Friday January 23, 2026 0800 – 0930 Finished breakout sessions 0930 – 1100 Contracting presentation 1100 – 1200 Closing Remarks 12:00 Depart JBLM / Travel home Location: Joint Base Lewis-McChord American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms). 8085 NCO Beach Rd. JBLM-Lewis North, Washington 98433 Registration Deadline: Noon, January 13, 2026 The Army Contracting Command - Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) in conjunction with the Department of War (DoW), Army Materiel Command (AMC) G4, U.S. Army Installation Management Command (IMCOM), U.S. Army I Corps, and Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) Department of Public Works (DPW) is sponsoring an Industry and Government Technical Information Exchange day on January 20-23, 2026 to facilitate discussions on the potential establishment of a Section 10 USC 4022: Other Transaction Agreement (OTA) for the development and maturation JBLM facility Modernization program to manage several key construction projects to support the warfighter into the future. This is an excellent opportunity for businesses of all sizes and socioeconomic categories—large and small—to learn about federal contracting opportunities and discover how best to engage with the federal government. Industry Days Event Highlights: Exclusive Leadership Briefings Get the inside track with detailed mission and procurement overviews from key decision-makers at the MICC TSC, AMC G4, IMCOM, U.S. Army I Corps, and JBLM DPW. Spotlight on JBLM FORGE Discover the JBLM FORGE initiative, a large-scale program focused on modernizing facilities, enhancing infrastructure, and boosting operational capabilities for the U.S. Army and Air Force at Joint Base Lewis-McChord. Mastering Federal Contracts Gain valuable knowledge on the federal procurement process. Learn the best practices and strategies to successfully navigate and win government contracts. High-Value Networking Connect directly with leadership from MICC, AMC, I Corps, JBLM, and IMCOM. This is your opportunity to build relationships with industry peers and explore powerful new collaborations. Influence the Conversation Share your unique insights and expertise in an open forum. Provide direct feedback to our team and help shape the future of our partnerships. Who Should Attend? Entrepreneurs, business leaders, and representatives from companies of all sizes and socioeconomic backgrounds interested in federal contracting, particularly in sectors related to engineering, construction, and support services for military and civil works projects. Registration Information: Attendance is by prior registration only. Please register by sending the following information to Charley Jackson, the primary point of contact, by noon on January 13, 2026 using the attached Excel sheet: Company Name Company SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Names of All planned Attendees Contact Information (Email and Phone Number) for each company attendee Contact Government ID Number (Driver’s License, Passport, State or Military ID) Contact Citizenship Country Will attendance be in-person or virtual (space is limited) Company Website Updated Capability Sheet INDUSTRY DAY ATTENDANCE LIST INFORMATION: If you would like to be a part of and obtain a copy of the 2026 JBLM FORGE Industry Day Attendance List, please complete the MS Excel attachment entitled "2026 JBLM FORGE Industry Day Registration" and email to Charley Jackson at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil by January 13, 2026. You will not receive a copy of the 2026 JBLM FORGE Industry Day list if you do not respond with the completed MS Excel form by the submission date of January 13, 2026. You will not be allowed to attend the event if we have not received your completed “2026 JBLM FORGE Industry Day Registration” excel form and confirmed your permission to attend the event. Primary Point of Contact: Charley Jackson, Jr. Division Chief, MICC TSC Email: usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil. You may submit completed registration forms that contain Personally Identifiable Information (PII) by 1. Filling out most of the form (without PII such as driver’s license number and email unencrypted to usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil and then call one of the POCs below to provide the PII, or 2. You may send the completed form through Department of Defense (DoD) Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE) or an encrypted email using https://safe.apps.mil/ Please send to both of the following POCS: Charley Jackson, Jr. at charley.g.jackson2.civ@army.mil and (571) 588-9138 Stephanie Deal at stephanie.r.deal.civ@army.mil and (520) 944-7433 HQ Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) 2219 Infantry Post Road JBSA Fort Sam Houston, TX 78234-1361 Office Symbol CCMI-TSC Question and Answers: Please submit all questions on the excel attachment to the SAM.GOV announcement entitled “QA_JBLM_FORGE” to the MICC TSC Division 1 email at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil. This Industry Day presents a valuable opportunity to align your business goals with federal initiatives and explore how your company can support the missions of MICC. We eagerly anticipate your participation and the collaborative possibilities this event will offer.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Charley Jackson, Jr.
  - Email: charley.g.jackson2.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: (571) 588-9138
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Stephanie Deal
  - Email: stephanie.r.deal.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: (520) 944-7433

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Project Scopes" , "Pages 501-600 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes", "Pages 601-700 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes", "Pages 701-900 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes", and "Pages 901-1005 from Attachment 004 Project Scopes-2". All other information within the announcement is unchanged. Effective January 21, 2026, Added attachment "C2B2P Project Slides - 15 Jan 2026". All other information within the announcement is unchanged. Effective January 14, 2026, the announcement has undergone minor revisions. These include adding Event Information at the top of the announcement, and updating the agenda to include the new location. All other information within the announcement is unchanged. Event Information added January 14, 2026: Instructions for Attendees: If you have confirmed your attendance, keep an eye on your email for further instructions and details, which will be sent out before the first day of the event. Support for Travelers: For travelers who require assistance, Charley Jackson, Jr. is available 24/7. He can be reached at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil or by phone at (571) 588-9138. Presentations & Materials: All event presentations and documents will be provided electronically. You can find them either on the sam.gov announcement page or in an email sent to confirmed participants. Please be aware that no printed copies of these materials will be available. Biographies of potential Army Leader attendees are now available on the SAM.gov announcement (https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6b8c7484ab994705aaccdaf14af68777/view). Virtual Participation: For those attending virtually, please note that while we will strive to provide a seamless online experience, the U.S. Government cannot be held responsible for interruptions caused by technology issues or internet outages. We will, however, do our best to maintain a successful virtual environment. Special Notice: Industry and Government Technical Information Exchange / Industry Days Event – Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE Hosted by the Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) with several Army partners. Date: January 20-23, 2026, Time: See agenda below Note: JBLM is in the Pacific time zone and all times are local to JBLM. Tuesday January 20, 2026 Travel day to JBLM. 1500 [Optional] Introductory Meeting - JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) Wednesday January 21, 2026 0800 - 0930 Overview Presentations – JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) 0930 - 0940 Break 0940 - 1050 Presentations - JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) 1050 – 1200 Lunch - Lunch options are available at the Exchange Food Court. Lunch will be at your own expense. 1300 - 1500 Projects Windshield Tour – Various locations with transportation provided by JBLM. 1500-1600 Return to JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) for Final comments and Day 1 Closing Thursday January 22, 2026 0800 - 1100 Discussion Period / Panels – JBLM-American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms) 1100 – 1600 Breakout sessions (up to 25 Mins for each company), one way feedback from Companies to the USG. Friday January 23, 2026 0800 – 0930 Finished breakout sessions 0930 – 1100 Contracting presentation 1100 – 1200 Closing Remarks 12:00 Depart JBLM / Travel home Location: Joint Base Lewis-McChord American Lake Conference Center (Hemlock and Fir Conference Rooms). 8085 NCO Beach Rd. JBLM-Lewis North, Washington 98433 Registration Deadline: Noon, January 13, 2026 The Army Contracting Command - Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) in conjunction with the Department of War (DoW), Army Materiel Command (AMC) G4, U.S. Army Installation Management Command (IMCOM), U.S. Army I Corps, and Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) Department of Public Works (DPW) is sponsoring an Industry and Government Technical Information Exchange day on January 20-23, 2026 to facilitate discussions on the potential establishment of a Section 10 USC 4022: Other Transaction Agreement (OTA) for the development and maturation JBLM facility Modernization program to manage several key construction projects to support the warfighter into the future. This is an excellent opportunity for businesses of all sizes and socioeconomic categories—large and small—to learn about federal contracting opportunities and discover how best to engage with the federal government. Industry Days Event Highlights: Exclusive Leadership Briefings Get the inside track with detailed mission and procurement overviews from key decision-makers at the MICC TSC, AMC G4, IMCOM, U.S. Army I Corps, and JBLM DPW. Spotlight on JBLM FORGE Discover the JBLM FORGE initiative, a large-scale program focused on modernizing facilities, enhancing infrastructure, and boosting operational capabilities for the U.S. Army and Air Force at Joint Base Lewis-McChord. Mastering Federal Contracts Gain valuable knowledge on the federal procurement process. Learn the best practices and strategies to successfully navigate and win government contracts. High-Value Networking Connect directly with leadership from MICC, AMC, I Corps, JBLM, and IMCOM. This is your opportunity to build relationships with industry peers and explore powerful new collaborations. Influence the Conversation Share your unique insights and expertise in an open forum. Provide direct feedback to our team and help shape the future of our partnerships. Who Should Attend? Entrepreneurs, business leaders, and representatives from companies of all sizes and socioeconomic backgrounds interested in federal contracting, particularly in sectors related to engineering, construction, and support services for military and civil works projects. Registration Information: Attendance is by prior registration only. Please register by sending the following information to Charley Jackson, the primary point of contact, by noon on January 13, 2026 using the attached Excel sheet: Company Name Company SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Names of All planned Attendees Contact Information (Email and Phone Number) for each company attendee Contact Government ID Number (Driver’s License, Passport, State or Military ID) Contact Citizenship Country Will attendance be in-person or virtual (space is limited) Company Website Updated Capability Sheet INDUSTRY DAY ATTENDANCE LIST INFORMATION: If you would like to be a part of and obtain a copy of the 2026 JBLM FORGE Industry Day Attendance List, please complete the MS Excel attachment entitled "2026 JBLM FORGE Industry Day Registration" and email to Charley Jackson at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil by January 13, 2026. You will not receive a copy of the 2026 JBLM FORGE Industry Day list if you do not respond with the completed MS Excel form by the submission date of January 13, 2026. You will not be allowed to attend the event if we have not received your completed “2026 JBLM FORGE Industry Day Registration” excel form and confirmed your permission to attend the event. Primary Point of Contact: Charley Jackson, Jr. Division Chief, MICC TSC Email: usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil. You may submit completed registration forms that contain Personally Identifiable Information (PII) by 1. Filling out most of the form (without PII such as driver’s license number and email unencrypted to usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil and then call one of the POCs below to provide the PII, or 2. You may send the completed form through Department of Defense (DoD) Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE) or an encrypted email using https://safe.apps.mil/ Please send to both of the following POCS: Charley Jackson, Jr. at charley.g.jackson2.civ@army.mil and (571) 588-9138 Stephanie Deal at stephanie.r.deal.civ@army.mil and (520) 944-7433 HQ Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) 2219 Infantry Post Road JBSA Fort Sam Houston, TX 78234-1361 Office Symbol CCMI-TSC Question and Answers: Please submit all questions on the excel attachment to the SAM.GOV announcement entitled “QA_JBLM_FORGE” to the MICC TSC Division 1 email at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil. This Industry Day presents a valuable opportunity to align your business goals with federal initiatives and explore how your company can support the missions of MICC. We eagerly anticipate your participation and the collaborative possibilities this event will offer

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2bb20de390d44ab2b81c90e0e628c457/view