---
layout: default
title: Senior Law Enforcement Advisor
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c1e0f665af9248dc8ac640ee38749d72
---

# Senior Law Enforcement Advisor

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 14:57:31.331-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-020-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Senior Law Enforcement Advisor Location: Yerevan, Armenia Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: March 23, 2026 Closing Date: April 6, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-020-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State SUBJECT A solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC), Department of State (DOS), Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). The United States Government (USG), represented by the DOS, seeks applications from US citizens interested in providing PSC services as described in this solicitation. PRE-AWARD ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSC (JUN 2011) This solicitation may result in the award of one or more personal services contracts as defined in FAR 2.101. Prior to contract award, all offerors or quotes must advise the cognizant Contracting Officer if they have a personal conflict of interest, such as a financial conflict, that would prevent them from either meeting the requirements of the clause entitled, “Post-Award Ethical Responsibilities of Personal Services Contractors,” or otherwise objectively performing their contractual duties upon contract award. HOW TO APPLY Offerors proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements stated in this solicitation at the place and time specified. A proposal will be determined non-responsive and ineligible for consideration unless all required documents and information are included in the submission. Offerors shall ensure their resume demonstrates their possession of the minimum qualifications outlined in this Solicitation, as well as their ability to fulfill all required duties. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by the offeror during the solicitation process. NOTE REGARDING GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS SOLICITATION This solicitation in no way obligates the Department of State to award a PSC contract, nor does it commit the Department of State to pay any cost incurred in the preparation and submission of the application. Proposals must include the following and not exceed twenty (20) pages (additional pages will not be accepted or reviewed): 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Resume 3. Evaluation Factor Responses 4. Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Note: Your resume should contain explicit information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information should be clearly identified in your resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine your qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. Additional documents submitted beyond the requirements will not be accepted or reviewed. *** ONE PDF ATTACHMENT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. This position is located within INL Section of the U.S. Embassy in Yerevan, Armenia with policy oversight and program coordination from the State Department’s INL Bureau. The INL section in Yerevan administers bilateral foreign assistance funding appropriated by the U.S. Congress, managing law enforcement and criminal law programs in Armenia. The INL Office of Europe and Asia (INL/EA) is responsible for broad law enforcement, criminal justice, and counternarcotics policies and program management in accordance with U.S. foreign policy objectives throughout Europe and Asia. INL/EA develops and manages criminal justice sector reform programs and contributes to policy information in both regions. INL/EA and INL field personnel administer all U.S. government assistance to the law enforcement and criminal justice sector in Armenia. The goal of this programming is to strengthen the ability of Armenian law enforcement agencies to combat criminal activity with a direct impact on U.S. citizens and businesses. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) position is to provide a Senior Law Enforcement Advisor (SLEA) for the INL Section in Yerevan, Armenia. This individual will assist the INL Director in developing and implementing law enforcement assistance programming in coordination with Armenian government agencies. The Senior Law Enforcement Advisor will oversee projects that include assessment and development of initial and in-service training and equipment requirements for Armenian law enforcement agencies, delivery of technical training by appropriate subject-matter experts, and procurement of necessary equipment. The SLEA will fill in for the INL Director as needed, such as during vacancies between INL Directors. In those situations, the SLEA will respond to inquiries and provide information to embassy leadership on issues that fall under INL’s purview and support the INL section’s staff needs, as needed. The SLEA will not oversee full-time employees nor make decisions on behalf of the U.S. government. The contractor shall (1) assist in developing short, medium, and long-term strategic planning for INL Armenia’s Law Enforcement Development program area, which includes assistance to the Armenian police, various investigative agencies, and the agencies responsible for countering narcotics; (2) Develop, implement, monitor, and evaluate programming to support INL Armenia’s Law Enforcement Development strategic goals; (3) Regularly liaise with the international donor community in Armenia to coordinate assistance to the Armenian criminal justice sector, avoid duplication of efforts, and attract funding for initiatives that are beyond the scope of INL Armenia’s budget; (4) Organize and participate in particularized trainings for Armenian police, investigators, and counter-narcotics personnel; (5) Build a network of contacts across the law enforcement sector and leverage these relationships to promote INL and Embassy Yerevan mission objectives; (6) In coordination with the INL Director, manage all INL Armenia law enforcement-related procurements, including engaging with the relevant offices in INL that cover procurement and with the State Department’s Regional Procurement Support Office (RPSO) in Frankfurt, as necessary. The SLEA will provide advice and support to the INL Director, INL locally engaged staff (LES), INL implementers, other U.S. law enforcement agencies represented at the Embassy, and Armenian law enforcement agencies. When filling in for the INL Director, the SLEA will represent INL in internal and external meetings, ceremonies, and representational events as required. The SLEA will articulate and promote the policies and goals of the U.S. Government, the U.S. Embassy, and INL and will provide programmatic guidance and analysis of developments in the Armenian law enforcement sector to the Embassy and State Department headquarters. DUTIES AND RESPONSBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the U.S. Embassy Yerevan INL Director or his/her designee, the Senior Law Enforcement Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Provides strategic planning and development of all phases of the law enforcement program in coordination with the INL team, with a particular focus on identifying and pursuing medium and longer-term strategic opportunities and objectives to assist the Armenian law enforcement, various investigative agencies, and the agencies responsible for countering transnational organized crime. Such efforts extend from needs assessment and development through acquisition, implementation, and evaluation, including planning, scheduling, budgeting, monitoring, and coordination among vendors, contractors, and Armenian government officials to support INL Armenia’s strategic goals. These duties will include resolution of conflicts and other issues. 2. Identifies procurement opportunities that will advance INL Armenia’s strategic goals. Provides advice and assistance in preparation of documentation for the procurement of systems and equipment, including drafting of electronic Purchase Requests (PR), bid solicitation, statements of work, requests for source-origin waivers, sole-source justifications, and delivery and acceptance of systems, supplies, and equipment procured. Assists INL Director in guiding INL LES to launch and track these procurements, engage with the relevant offices in INL that cover procurement and with the State Department’s Regional Procurement Support Office (RPSO) office in Frankfurt as necessary. Reports to the INL Director regularly on the status of all procurement activities. 3. Regularly communicates and coordinates with other local and international donors to avoid duplication of efforts and to achieve synergy with other donors on large-scale, strategic initiatives, including attracting funding for initiatives that are beyond the scope of INL Armenia’s budget and/or policy priorities. 4. Assesses host country law enforcement needs; manages, prioritizes and evaluates USG-sponsored law enforcement assistance projects under the guidance and direction of the INL Director; and keeps him/her informed of the details of such implementation, including progress and problem areas. When needed, assesses capabilities of implementing partners as well as any sub-contracted agencies performing services or supplying trainers in support of INL programming. 5. Organizes and leads substantive trainings for Armenian law enforcement personnel in consultation with the INL Director, U.S. law enforcement agencies, and the Armenian government. 6. Coordinates as needed with other components of the Armenia’s criminal justice system to ensure system-wide integration and functionality. 7. Continuously builds a network of contacts across the law enforcement sector and leverages these relationships to promote INL and U.S. Embassy objectives. 8. Advises Armenian law enforcement agencies on best practices for institutionalizing reforms, including organizational changes; tactical, operational, and strategic planning; and sustainable training and procurement. 9. Serves as a representative of the U.S. government and communicates, promotes, and defends U.S. government policies, demonstrating professional judgement, diplomacy, tact, and sensitivity. 10. Serves as a liaison with representatives of other U.S. Embassy agencies involved in law enforcement, including but not limited to, the State Department Bureau of Diplomatic Security, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Drug Enforcement Administration. 11. Drafts and provides advice and assistance in the preparation of required annual strategic reports. Provides input to the annual budget development process. 12. Attends conferences and multilateral and regional meetings that relate to the assigned areas of responsibility. 13. Participates in visits by senior officials and serves as an escort or control officer, including arranging itineraries and logistical support for official visitors. 14. Briefs senior U.S. Embassy officials, official visitors from Washington, and NGOs, and international organization counterparts on Armenian law enforcement issues and INL programming. 15. Prepare written reports and other products for the INL Director, the Political/Economic Section, and INL Washington on law enforcement and program matters. 16. Serves as the acting INL Director during temporary and extended absences of an INL Director, as needed, which will include temporary supervision of INL locally employed staff (LES), but will not include supervision of direct Civil Service or Foreign Service employees. During such periods, the SLEA will manage, coordinate, and supervise all phases of the INL-funded programs in Armenia, including sustainment upon completion of projects. The Advisor will ensure projects fall within program guidelines as notified to Congress, and will supervise financial operations to include procurement planning, budget preparation, and will monitor financial activity. The SLEA will ensure that regular financial reports are sent to INL Washington and assure compliance with INL financial management regulations and publications. 17. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 18. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAININGS & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. If encumbering a full-time U.S. Embassy position for the first time, completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to arrival at Post. 3. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) and Federal Assistance Management (PY260) distance-learning (DL) courses through the NFATC within 120 days of arriving at Post. 4. Completes the INL Pre-deployment Program Training (PREP), prior to arrival at Post. 5. Completes INL distance-learning (DL) training modules on program design and monitoring, change, clarity, end use monitoring, and fraud awareness within 120 days of arriving at Post. 6. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 7. If applicable - Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance is the U.S. Embassy Yerevan, Armenia. Position may involve in-country and regional travel as circumstances dictate and allow. RELATIONSHIPS The SLEA will report to the INL Director at the U.S. Embassy Yerevan and focus primarily on programs related to Armenian law enforcement. When serving as acting INL Director capacity, the SLEA will report to both the Embassy’s Deputy Chief of Mission and receive programmatic direction from the INL/EA office in Washington. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY The SLEA must be able to assess host country law enforcement needs and directly advise the INL Director in developing a short, medium, and long-term strategic vision for INL Armenia’s law enforcement development program. The SLEA must develop and manage law enforcement projects in coordination with Armenian officials, ensure sustainability of projects through provision of appropriate training and structural reform, and harmonize the priorities and contributions of other U.S. government entities, Armenian government agencies, and other donors in furtherance of U.S. goals. The individual must be able to effectively manage multiple projects and procurements simultaneously and have strong interpersonal communication skills. SCOPE AND EFFECTIVENESS The SLEA performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative/financial program spanning the full range of transnational organized crime, law enforcement, criminal justice, and counternarcotics programs in Armenia, which is of significant interest to the public and to Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution, preferably in criminal justice or related field 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of professional experience in U.S. law enforcement, in a position that involved arrest powers, of which a minimum of three (3) years of experience handling cases involving transnational organized crime. 4. A minimum of three (3) years of professional experience in international law enforcement training and assistance. 5. A minimum of three (3) years of experience in senior management roles that include strategic planning, resource management, procurement, budgeting, oversight and evaluation and active management of law enforcement operations. 6. Demonstrated experience with procuring law enforcement equipment as part of foreign assistance programming. 7. Demonstrated experience managing law enforcement reform projects, and demonstrated ability to think strategically, meet deliverables within set timelines, and communicate well with external and internal stakeholders. 8. Demonstrated knowledge of best practices in law enforcement including, but not limited to, arrest procedures, search and seizure, use of force, firearms proficiency, defensive tactics, investigations (particularly involving transnational organized crime) and associated international cooperation, leadership/management development, curriculum development, instructor development, and problem solving models. 9. Demonstrated experience working with foreign counterparts, departments, or ministries to further program objectives, in a timely and concise manner. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: (25 Points) Demonstrated ability to provide subject matter expertise (SME) in law enforcement including, but not limited to, arrest procedures, search and seizure, use of force, firearms proficiency, defensive tactics, and investigative techniques (particularly involving transnational organized crime) and associated international cooperation. Factor 2: (25 Points) Program Experience: Demonstrated ability to assess the strengths and shortcomings of law enforcement agencies and operations, and to design and recommend appropriate programmatic interventions that support organizational strategic goals, maximize impact and ensure long-term sustainability. Proven expertise in program design and management of large-scale, long-term law enforcement projects, including developing work plans, selecting vendors and implementers, overseeing financial management, managing acquisition process, and conducting monitoring and evaluation to measure program effectiveness. Preferred candidates with previous work experience in developing and implementing law enforcement assistance programs abroad, particularly in post-Communist countries of Central, Eastern, and Southern Europe, including advising host country law enforcement, training law enforcement partners, and procuring goods and services to support host country law enforcement organizations. Factor 3: (20 points) Management and Communication Experience: Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively in a timely and concise manner to prepare, analyze, explain, and defend determinations on laws, policies, and regulations, and to advise program officials while interacting effectively at all levels. Proven ability to implement leadership/management development, curriculum development, instructor development, and problem-solving models. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 25 Factor #2 – 25 Factor #3 – 20 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. This position is located within INL Section of the U.S. Embassy in Yerevan, Armenia with policy oversight and program coordination from the State Department’s INL Bureau. The INL section in Yerevan administers bilateral foreign assistance funding appropriated by the U.S. Congress, managing law enforcement and criminal law programs in Armenia. The INL Office of Europe and Asia (INL/EA) is responsible for broad law enforcement, criminal justice, and counternarcotics policies and program management in accordance with U.S. foreign policy objectives throughout Europe and Asia. INL/EA develops and manages criminal justice sector reform programs and contributes to policy information in both regions. INL/EA and INL field personnel administer all U.S. government assistance to the law enforcement and criminal justice sector in Armenia. The goal of this programming is to strengthen the ability of Armenian law enforcement agencies to combat criminal activity with a direct impact on U.S. citizens and businesses. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) position is to provide a Senior Law Enforcement Advisor (SLEA) for the INL Section in Yerevan, Armenia. This individual will assist the INL Director in developing and implementing law enforcement assistance programming in coordination with Armenian government agencies. The Senior Law Enforcement Advisor will oversee projects that include assessment and development of initial and in-service training and equipment requirements for Armenian law enforcement agencies, delivery of technical training by appropriate subject-matter experts, and procurement of necessary equipment. The SLEA will fill in for the INL Director as needed, such as during vacancies between INL Directors. In those situations, the SLEA will respond to inquiries and provide information to embassy leadership on issues that fall under INL’s purview and support the INL section’s staff needs, as needed. The SLEA will not oversee full-time employees nor make decisions on behalf of the U.S. government. The contractor shall (1) assist in developing short, medium, and long-term strategic planning for INL Armenia’s Law Enforcement Development program area, which includes assistance to the Armenian police, various investigative agencies, and the agencies responsible for countering narcotics; (2) Develop, implement, monitor, and evaluate programming to support INL Armenia’s Law Enforcement Development strategic goals; (3) Regularly liaise with the international donor community in Armenia to coordinate assistance to the Armenian criminal justice sector, avoid duplication of efforts, and attract funding for initiatives that are beyond the scope of INL Armenia’s budget; (4) Organize and participate in particularized trainings for Armenian police, investigators, and counter-narcotics personnel; (5) Build a network of contacts across the law enforcement sector and leverage these relationships to promote INL and Embassy Yerevan mission objectives; (6) In coordination with the INL Director, manage all INL Armenia law enforcement-related procurements, including engaging with the relevant offices in INL that cover procurement and with the State Department’s Regional Procurement Support Office (RPSO) in Frankfurt, as necessary. The SLEA will provide advice and support to the INL Director, INL locally engaged staff (LES), INL implementers, other U.S. law enforcement agencies represented at the Embassy, and Armenian law enforcement agencies. When filling in for the INL Director, the SLEA will represent INL in internal and external meetings, ceremonies, and representational events as required. The SLEA will articulate and promote the policies and goals of the U.S. Government, the U.S. Embassy, and INL and will provide programmatic guidance and analysis of developments in the Armenian law enforcement sector to the Embassy and State Department headquarters. DUTIES AND RESPONSBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the U.S. Embassy Yerevan INL Director or his/her designee, the Senior Law Enforcement Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Provides strategic planning and development of all phases of the law enforcement program in coordination with the INL team, with a particular focus on identifying and pursuing medium and longer-term strategic opportunities and objectives to assist the Armenian law enforcement, various investigative agencies, and the agencies responsible for countering transnational organized crime. Such efforts extend from needs assessment and development through acquisition, implementation, and evaluation, including planning, scheduling, budgeting, monitoring, and coordination among vendors, contractors, and Armenian government officials to support INL Armenia’s strategic goals. These duties will include resolution of conflicts and other issues. 2. Identifies procurement opportunities that will advance INL Armenia’s strategic goals. Provides advice and assistance in preparation of documentation for the procurement of systems and equipment, including drafting of electronic Purchase Requests (PR), bid solicitation, statements of work, requests for source-origin waivers, sole-source justifications, and delivery and acceptance of systems, supplies, and equipment procured. Assists INL Director in guiding INL LES to launch and track these procurements, engage with the relevant offices in INL that cover procurement and with the State Department’s Regional Procurement Support Office (RPSO) office in Frankfurt as necessary. Reports to the INL Director regularly on the status of all procurement activities. 3. Regularly communicates and coordinates with other local and international donors to avoid duplication of efforts and to achieve synergy with other donors on large-scale, strategic initiatives, including attracting funding for initiatives that are beyond the scope of INL Armenia’s budget and/or policy priorities. 4. Assesses host country law enforcement needs; manages, prioritizes and evaluates USG-sponsored law enforcement assistance projects under the guidance and direction of the INL Director; and keeps him/her informed of the details of such implementation, including progress and problem areas. When needed, assesses capabilities of implementing partners as well as any sub-contracted agencies performing services or supplying trainers in support of INL programming. 5. Organizes and leads substantive trainings for Armenian law enforcement personnel in consultation with the INL Director, U.S. law enforcement agencies, and the Armenian government. 6. Coordinates as needed with other components of the Armenia’s criminal justice system to ensure system-wide integration and functionality. 7. Continuously builds a network of contacts across the law enforcement sector and leverages these relationships to promote INL and U.S. Embassy objectives. 8. Advises Armenian law enforcement agencies on best practices for institutionalizing reforms, including organizational changes; tactical, operational, and strategic planning; and sustainable training and procurement. 9. Serves as a representative of the U.S. government and communicates, promotes, and defends U.S. government policies, demonstrating professional judgement, diplomacy, tact, and sensitivity. 10. Serves as a liaison with representatives of other U.S. Embassy agencies involved in law enforcement, including but not limited to, the State Department Bureau of Diplomatic Security, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Drug Enforcement Administration. 11. Drafts and provides advice and assistance in the preparation of required annual strategic reports. Provides input to the annual budget development process. 12. Attends conferences and multilateral and regional meetings that relate to the assigned areas of responsibility. 13. Participates in visits by senior officials and serves as an escort or control officer, including arranging itineraries and logistical support for official visitors. 14. Briefs senior U.S. Embassy officials, official visitors from Washington, and NGOs, and international organization counterparts on Armenian law enforcement issues and INL programming. 15. Prepare written reports and other products for the INL Director, the Political/Economic Section, and INL Washington on law enforcement and program matters. 16. Serves as the acting INL Director during temporary and extended absences of an INL Director, as needed, which will include temporary supervision of INL locally employed staff (LES), but will not include supervision of direct Civil Service or Foreign Service employees. During such periods, the SLEA will manage, coordinate, and supervise all phases of the INL-funded programs in Armenia, including sustainment upon completion of projects. The Advisor will ensure projects fall within program guidelines as notified to Congress, and will supervise financial operations to include procurement planning, budget preparation, and will monitor financial activity. The SLEA will ensure that regular financial reports are sent to INL Washington and assure compliance with INL financial management regulations and publications. 17. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 18. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAININGS & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. If encumbering a full-time U.S. Embassy position for the first time, completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to arrival at Post. 3. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) and Federal Assistance Management (PY260) distance-learning (DL) courses through the NFATC within 120 days of arriving at Post. 4. Completes the INL Pre-deployment Program Training (PREP), prior to arrival at Post. 5. Completes INL distance-learning (DL) training modules on program design and monitoring, change, clarity, end use monitoring, and fraud awareness within 120 days of arriving at Post. 6. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 7. If applicable - Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance is the U.S. Embassy Yerevan, Armenia. Position may involve in-country and regional travel as circumstances dictate and allow. RELATIONSHIPS The SLEA will report to the INL Director at the U.S. Embassy Yerevan and focus primarily on programs related to Armenian law enforcement. When serving as acting INL Director capacity, the SLEA will report to both the Embassy’s Deputy Chief of Mission and receive programmatic direction from the INL/EA office in Washington. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government"s requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY The SLEA must be able to assess host country law enforcement needs and directly advise the INL Director in developing a short, medium, and long-term strategic vision for INL Armenia’s law enforcement development program. The SLEA must develop and manage law enforcement projects in coordination with Armenian officials, ensure sustainability of projects through provision of appropriate training and structural reform, and harmonize the priorities and contributions of other U.S. government entities, Armenian government agencies, and other donors in furtherance of U.S. goals. The individual must be able to effectively manage multiple projects and procurements simultaneously and have strong interpersonal communication skills. SCOPE AND EFFECTIVENESS The SLEA performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative/financial program spanning the full range of transnational organized crime, law enforcement, criminal justice, and counternarcotics programs in Armenia, which is of significant interest to the public and to Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution, preferably in criminal justice or related field 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of professional experience in U.S. law enforcement, in a position that involved arrest powers, of which a minimum of three (3) years of experience handling cases involving transnational organized crime. 4. A minimum of three (3) years of professional experience in international law enforcement training and assistance. 5. A minimum of three (3) years of experience in senior management roles that include strategic planning, resource management, procurement, budgeting, oversight and evaluation and active management of law enforcement operations. 6. Demonstrated experience with procuring law enforcement equipment as part of foreign assistance programming. 7. Demonstrated experience managing law enforcement reform projects, and demonstrated ability to think strategically, meet deliverables within set timelines, and communicate well with external and internal stakeholders. 8. Demonstrated knowledge of best practices in law enforcement including, but not limited to, arrest procedures, search and seizure, use of force, firearms proficiency, defensive tactics, investigations (particularly involving transnational organized crime) and associated international cooperation, leadership/management development, curriculum development, instructor development, and problem solving models. 9. Demonstrated experience working with foreign counterparts, departments, or ministries to further program objectives, in a timely and concise manner. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: (25 Points) Demonstrated ability to provide subject matter expertise (SME) in law enforcement including, but not limited to, arrest procedures, search and seizure, use of force, firearms proficiency, defensive tactics, and investigative techniques (particularly involving transnational organized crime) and associated international cooperation. Factor 2: (25 Points) Program Experience: Demonstrated ability to assess the strengths and shortcomings of law enforcement agencies and operations, and to design and recommend appropriate programmatic interventions that support organizational strategic goals, maximize impact and ensure long-term sustainability. Proven expertise in program design and management of large-scale, long-term law enforcement projects, including developing work plans, selecting vendors and implementers, overseeing financial management, managing acquisition process, and conducting monitoring and evaluation to measure program effectiveness. Preferred candidates with previous work experience in developing and implementing law enforcement assistance programs abroad, particularly in post-Communist countries of Central, Eastern, and Southern Europe, including advising host country law enforcement, training law enforcement partners, and procuring goods and services to support host country law enforcement organizations. Factor 3: (20 points) Management and Communication Experience: Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively in a timely and concise manner to prepare, analyze, explain, and defend determinations on laws, policies, and regulations, and to advise program officials while interacting effectively at all levels. Proven ability to implement leadership/management development, curriculum development, instructor development, and problem-solving models. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 25 Factor #2 – 25 Factor #3 – 20 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant"s writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee"s FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker"s Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c1e0f665af9248dc8ac640ee38749d72/view)