---
layout: default
title: US GOVERNMENT WANTS TO LEASE OFFICE SPACE IN AUSTIN, TX METRO AREA
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: d3fed411cb5242fa943890869c053253
---

# US GOVERNMENT WANTS TO LEASE OFFICE SPACE IN AUSTIN, TX METRO AREA

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 10:49:33.576-04
- Solicitation Number: 4TX1005-A

## Summary

Pre-solicitation Notice/Advertisement GSA Public Buildings Service U.S. GOVERNMENT Project Number 4TX1005 General Services Administration (GSA) seeks to lease the following space: State: Texas City: Austin Metro Area Delineated Area: North Boundary: Interstate 1431 to IH-35 south to US Hwy 79 East boundary: State Highway 130 West boundary: U.S. Highway 183 to US HWY 1 (MoPac) South boundary: 38th Street to IH-35 north to U.S. Highway 290 Minimum Sq. Ft. (ABOA): 27,000 ABOA Maximum Sq. Ft. (ABOA): 30,000 ABOA Space Type: Office space Parking Spaces (Total): 2 reserved surface parking spaces Parking Spaces (Surface): 2 reserved surface parking spaces Parking Spaces (Structured): N/A Parking Spaces (Reserved): 2 reserved surface parking spaces Full Term: 15 years Firm Term: 10 years Option Term: Additional Requirements: Space shall be located in an office, research, technology, or business park that is modern in design with a campus-like atmosphere; and be in a modern office building that is professional and prestigious in appearance with the surrounding development well maintained and in consonance with a professional image. Buildings located within any type of Manufacturing, Industrial, Warehouse, Retail or similar zones will not be accepted. Offered building must be no closer than 300 walkable feet from homeless shelters, dispensaries, or drug treatment facilities, and K-12 school zones. Offered space must be contiguous on one floor or vertically contiguous on two floors. Ground or lower levels preferred for easy public access. The separation of the Public and Employee space will be an important aspect of this facility. All visitors shall enter through a single, well-defined, secure entrance with space for security screening before entering building/tenant space. The employees will enter through a separate entrance. Offered space shall provide a configuration that will allow for an efficient layout of required adjacencies for the agency needs of space for public access, offices, workstations and special use spaces (file rooms, assembly areas, copy rooms, storage rooms, etc.). Minimum column spacing shall be 20’ X 20’. The successful Lessor, at the Lessor’s cost and expense, shall obtain LEED Certification Interior Design and Construction (LEED ID+C). Specific areas will require 24/7 HVAC including LAN/computer server room and other areas per Agency Special Requirements. Loading dock/receiving area is required capable of accommodating pallet-sized deliveries. If offered space is located above the ground floor an accessible freight elevator is required. Employee Parking (not included in rent): 77 commercially available parking within one walkable block of the proposed building. Visitor Parking (not included in rent): 51 commercially available parking spaces within a walkable ¼ mile of the proposed building. One or more usable public bus lines by tenant occupants and their customers shall be located within the immediate vicinity of the building, but generally not exceeding a safe walkable 1/2 mile, as determined by the LCO. Bus stops to occur on a regular, frequent basis (schedule to be provided. It must show location and frequency of bus stops). A minimum of three amenities shall be located within the immediate vicinity of the building, but generally not exceeding a safe, walkable mile. Minimum floor load of 100 P/SF for files and storage. Austin Field Office is available to applicants 8 hours per day, Monday through Friday and on the weekends as needed. All visitors are required to have an appointment and will come in a consistent stream throughout the day. Approximately 215 customers/day. Subleases will not be considered. Federal Security Level - 2. Offered space must meet Government requirements for fire safety, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the Lease. A fully serviced lease is required. Offered space shall not be in the 1-percent-annual chance floodplain (formerly referred to as “100-year” floodplain). Entities are advised to familiarize themselves with the telecommunications prohibitions outlined under Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), as implemented by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). ). For more information, visit: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B. Building name/address and the location of available space within the building. Rentable Square Feet (RSF) offered and full-service rental rate per RSF. ANSI/BOMA office area (ABOA) square feet to be offered. The expected rental rate per ABOA square foot, fully services. Indicate whether the quoted rental rate includes an amount for tenant improvements and state the amount (if any). One-eighth inch scale drawing of space offered. Graphic scale on all plans and scalable drawings are required. Date of space availability. Amount of parking available onsite and its cost. Include whether expected rental rate includes the cost of the required Government parking, (if any). Map showing building’s proximity to public transportation options (commuter rail, light rail, bus stop locations), and nearby public parking options. A public transportation/bus schedule indicating frequency of stops. Sustainability, energy efficiency and renewable energy features existing within the building. Building ownership information. Name, address, telephone number, and email address of authorized contact. All interested parties must either submit evidence of ownership or written authorization to represent the owner(s). Any submissions received without documentation of ownership and/or written authorization to represent the owner(s) will not be considered until such time the documentation has been received, which must also be submitted prior to the Expression of Interests Due Date. In cases where an agent is representing multiple ownership entities, broker must provide written acknowledgement / permission to represent multiple interested parties for the same submission. Reference Project Number 4TX1005 in response to this advertisement. ************************************************************************************************ Expressions of Interest Due: April 20, 2026 Market Survey (Estimated): May 2026 Occupancy (Estimated): April 2028 Send Expressions of Interest to: Name/Title: Jason Lichty Executive Managing Director Transaction Manager (Contractor) GSA Broker Services Contractor: Savills, Inc. 2323 Cedar Springs Road, Suite 1400 Dallas, TX 75201 t (972) 739-2213 jason.lichty@gsa.gov Government Contact Information Lease Contracting Officer: Don Day Broker Contractor: Savills Inc.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jason Lichty
  - Email: jason.lichty@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 9727392213
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Spencer Parsons
  - Email: spencer.parsons@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 9726921513

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d3fed411cb5242fa943890869c053253/view)