---
layout: default
title: LPD CLASS SHIP MAST LIGHTS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 5283ec41e1ed4d6e99c460f68d50fc86
---

# LPD CLASS SHIP MAST LIGHTS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 15:48:44.654-04
- Solicitation Number: N5523626Q0059

## Summary

This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Request for Quotation (RFQ) N5523625Q0059 is issued as a total small business set-aside. The subject solicitation is being processed under the authority of FAR 12.103. Any quote from a large business is ineligible for award. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 334511 - Search, Detection, Navigation, Guidance, Aeronautical, and Nautical System and Instrument Manufacturing. This solicitation documents and incorporates provisions and clauses that are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 (Effective 13 March 2026) and DFARS Publication Notice 20251110. DESCRIPTION: Southwest Regional Maintenance Center (SWRMC) requires procurement and delivery of long lead time material (LLTM) in support in support of an LPD-20 class ship as itemized below in support of Work Item 422-10-001, as seen in Product Description, at Naval Base San Diego as follows: Quote shall provide LLTM as described in Product Description with a Required Delivery Date of 5 days from Receipt of Order. SEE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION The full text of FAR and DFAR references, provisions and clauses may be accessed at https://acquisition.gov. A. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Offerors must comply with all instructions contained herein. (1) Offerors may submit written questions during the quote preparation period. All questions must be received no later than 16 April 2026, 11:00 AM (Pacific) to allow adequate time to prepare and issue responses to all offerors prior to the date and time set for receipt of quotes. Only written questions will receive a response. All questions and quotes shall be directed to: Southwest Regional Maintenance Center (SWRMC) – C410A Procurement Email: Cite the solicitation number in the subject line - N5523626Q0059 Email Addresses: valerie.p.manguiob.civ@us.navy.mil and dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil B. 52.212-2 Evaluation Commercial Items, Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services NOV 2021. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Evaluation Factors – The evaluation factors that will be used are: Technical Acceptability – Ability to meet the required delivery date and the salient characteristics of the Product Description Price – Lowest price technically Acceptable (LPTA) Past Performance – Based on the Supplier Performance Risk System Price: The Government will evaluate the proposed price for reasonableness in accordance with FAR

12.203 Past Performance: The Government will consider the recency and relevancy of past performance information compared to the requirements detailed in the Product Description, the source of the information, the context of the data and general trends in the offeror's performance and any associated risk. The Government will also consider the extent of the offeror's ability to perform previous contracts successfully. In accordance with DFARS provision 252.204-7024, Notice to Prospective Suppliers on Use of Supplier Performance Risk System in Past Performance Evaluations is hereby incorporated by reference. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) C. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2025) (DEVIATION 2025-O0004). The Offeror shall complete only paragraph (b) of this provision if the Offeror has completed the annual representations and certification electronically in the System for Award Management (SAM) accessed through https://www.sam.gov/SAM/ (only complete and return if there are changes to current SAM Registration. If 52.212-3 is not returned, the contractor is affirming that the current SAM registration is current, accurate, and complete). If the Offeror has not completed the annual representations and certifications electronically, the Offeror shall complete only paragraphs (c) through (v) of this provision. The provision of FAR 52.212-3 must be submitted by the Offeror to be eligible for award. D. 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services Standard Commercial Warranties apply. APPLICABLE PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES: The FAR requires the use of the System for Award Management (SAM) in Federal solicitations as a part of the offer submission process to satisfy FAR 52.212-4. More information on SAM is found at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS: Unless otherwise stated in Section D clauses, packaging and preservation shall be performed in accordance with the best commercial practices to afford maximum protection against damage. DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS: Item shall be priced for F.O.B. Destination. Inspection and acceptance shall be at destination by the Government. SPECIAL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS: Please submit your quote via e-mail to Valerie Manguiob, valerie.p.manguiob.civ@us.navy.mil and Dayen Lagunas, dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil QUOTES must be received by the destination inbox no later than *20 April 2026, 11:00 AM (Pacific)* or they will not be considered for award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Valerie Manguiob
  - Email: valerie.p.manguiob.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 6195080630
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Dayen Lagunas
  - Email: dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 6197080908

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5283ec41e1ed4d6e99c460f68d50fc86/view)