---
layout: default
title: 6515--AvaSure Telesitter
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a823c80c5c3447008ac7ccb461f94152
---

# 6515--AvaSure Telesitter

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-20 14:14:09.454-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0669
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice Presolicitation Notice Page 3 of 3 Presolicitation Notice *=Required Field Presolicitation Notice Page 1 of 3 THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR MARKET RESEARCH AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION 1. Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research only to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of Small Businesses , including Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB/VOSB), who are interested in submitting proposals for this procurement and who are capable of performing the work required for this procurement. 2. The NAICS for this requirement is 339113 Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing 3. The Contractor shall provide PRVC Patient Privacy Track Systems with Disposable Curtains for the Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System (GLAVAHCS) (see attached DRAFT SOW). The required products shall be provided by the contractor along with all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described in the attached Draft Statement of Work (SOW). 4. Interested and capable Contractors are encouraged to respond to this notice not later than April 23rd, 2026, at 09:00 AM PDT, by providing the following information via email only to jose.espinoza3@@va.gov. (a) Company name (b) Address (c) Point of contact (d) Phone, fax, and email of primary point of contact (e) Contractor s Unique Entity ID (SAM) number (f) Type of small business, if applicable, (e.g. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Woman Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, or Small Business). (g) Statement indicating whether your company is considered small under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (h) Statement indicating the product name of the PRVC Patient Privacy Track Systems with Disposable Curtains for the GLAVAHCS that you intend to provide. (i) Statement indicating whether you are the manufacturer of the PRVC Patient Privacy Track Systems with Disposable Curtains that you intend to provide for this procurement. If you intend to provide the prodcut by a company other than your own, state the name of the company whose PRVC Patient Privacy Track Systems with Disposable Curtains product you intend to provide, the country of origin, and whether the company that manufactures that product is a small business under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (j) Statement indicating if you have a current contract to provide the PRVC Patient Privacy Track Systems with Disposable Curtains that you intend to provide for this procurement, along with the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement, under either the General Services Administration (GSA) Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) or with the VA National Acquisition Center (NAC), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Solutions for Enterprise-Wide Procurement (SEWP), or any other federal contract. If yes, provide the contract type and contract number, as well as the identity of the federal agency with whom you hold that contract. (k) Statement indicating if your PRVC Patient Privacy Track Systems with Disposable Curtains that you intent to provide for this procurement was assessed by VA Technical Reference Model Management Group and currently approved for use in the VA. (l) Statement indicating how many calendar days you estimate it would take you to implement, configure, and validate PRVC Patient Privacy Track Systems with Disposable Curtains product that you intend to provide for this procurement in a medical center similar to the VA Medical Center. (m) General pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. (n) A capability statement that provides detailed information for one or more reference contracts that demonstrate your experience providing PRVC Patient Privacy Track Systems with Disposable Curtains that meets the requirements described in the attached Draft Salient Characteristics and demonstrates your experience providing the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract the respondent identifies as evidence of the respondent s capability to perform the work required by this procurement. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract: (1) the legal name of entity with whom the respondent held the contract; (2) the contract number; (3) a description providing details of the specific tasks the respondent performed under that contract; (4) the dates during which the respondent performed the contract; (5) the name, phone number, and email address of a person at the entity with whom the respondent held the contract who can verify the information the respondent provides regarding this reference contract. If a respondent offers to demonstrate experience through the proposed use of subcontractors, the respondent must provide all of the information required above for one or more reference contracts performed by each subcontractor the respondent intends to use. NOTE: The information requested above is required for the Government to evaluate whether there are sufficient small business concerns of a particular type who are capable of performing the work required by this procurement to determine if this procurement should be set aside for a given type of small business concern. FAILURE TO SUBMIT ALL OF THE INFORMATION REQUESTED ABOVE TO SUPPORT A RESPONDENT S CLAIMED EXPERIENCE MAY BE VIEWED BY THE GOVERNMENT AS EVIDENCE THAT THE RESPONDENT LACKS THE ABILITY TO PROVIDE THE SUPPLY/SERVICE REQUIRED BY THIS PROCUREMENT. THIS, IN TURN, MAY AFFECT THE GOVERNMENT S DETERMINATION ABOUT WHETHER THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A SET-ASIDE PROCUREMENT HAVE BEEN MET. 5. All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database found at https://www.sam.gov. Registration must include Representations and Certifications. 6. Small Business respondents.(a) If respondent is VOSB or SDVOSB, respondent is encouraged to provide proof of www.vetbiz.gov certification. In addition, SDVOSB/VOSB Contractors are asked to acknowledge that they understand the limitations on sub-contracting pursuant to FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Sub-Contracting, which will be included in the impending solicitation. Further SDVOSB/VOSB contractors are asked to respond that they are capable of providing the requested services keeping within the parameters of this clause. (b) Small businesses, including SDVOSB/VOSBS are also advised that per 13 CFR, § 125.6 the prime contractor's limitations on subcontracting are as follows: (1) General. In order to be awarded a full or partial small business set-aside contract with a value greater than $150,000, an 8(a) contract, an SDVO SBC contract, a HUBZone contract, a WOSB or EDWOSB contract pursuant to part 127 of this chapter, a small business concern must agree that: (2) In the case of a contract for services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not similarly situated. Any work that a similarly situated subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. (c) Please note that if VA s pending market research establishes that two or more verified VOSB or SDVOSB can provide the services required, VA will set aside the underlying solicitation per 38 U.S.C. §8127. --End of Sources Sought Announcement-- DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. ________________________________________________________________________ DRAFT SOW DRAFT - STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) As of March 24,2026 IFCAP Tracking Number (2237): 691-26-5-2-5090-0853 Contracting Officer s Representative (COR): Name: Clifford Somers Section: Engineering Address: 11301 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles CA 90073 Phone Number: 213-247-7064 Fax Number: E-Mail Address: Clifford.somers@va.gov Contract Title: 691-Emergency PRVC Tracks System Purchase Background: Currently we cannot use In Patient Units 2 East PODS A and D total of 27 beds, 4 East POD B total of 9 beds and 5 South POD C total of 12 beds PACU and located in our main hospital, which does not meet the requirements in VHA Directive 1330.01. In total we have 92 beds that do not meet the minimum requirements. General Requirements: Replace existing ceiling mounted curtains and tracks with wall mounted swing arm and trolley system from PRVC and go to 1 curtain type to reduce costs and simplify installation and purchasing. Scope: Contractor shall supply 120 cases of 12 disposable curtains to be installed along with hanging system and provide extra stock for maintenance. Contractor shall supply all materials for 88 drop track rooms, 15 trolley rooms and 11 swing arm rooms in the following building 500 locations: ED10, ED9, ED8, ED1, ED2, ED3, ED14, ED15, ED19, ED20, ED4, ED16, ED17, ED18, 1E005, 1E006, 1E009, 1E008, 1E007, 1E011, ED 13/12/11, ED 5/6/7, 3616, 3613, 3612, 3610, 3609, 3607, 3685, 3680, 3678, 3676, 3674, 3672, 3663, 3660, 3657, 3656, 3653, 3646, 3644, 3642, 3639, 3633, 3630, 3629, 3627, 3624, 3603, 2214, 2212, 2211, 2254, 2256, 2257, 4265, 4211, 3456, 3458, 3460, 3463, 3465, 3417, 3415, 3413, 3411, 3410, 3408, 3448, 3446, 3444, 3442, 3433, 3431, 3403, 3474, 3429, 3427, 3425, 3476, 3479, 3481, 3483, 3490, 0604D, 0658A, 0604B, 0638, 0665, 0082, 5672 (33), 5466, 5465, 5464, 5463, 5462, 5461, 5460, 5476, 5475, 5474, 4264, 4267, 2215, 2213, 2253, 2255, 2206, 4403, 4212, 4210, 4209, 4208 & 5409 Compliance: Work will be completed in accordance with applicable safety codes and building standards. All components will be installed per manufacturer guidelines. Place of Performance: Department of Veterans Affairs Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System Parking Lot 1 11301 Wilshire Blvd. Los Angeles, CA 90073-1003 Period of Performance: 60 Days Contractor shall perform work during split shift hours, typically starting work at 3:00 pm and working to 11:30 pm Monday through Friday. Before commencement of work, the Contractor shall confer with the VA Program Point of Contact and Contracting Office to agree on a sequence of procedures; means of access to premises and building. All time shall be approved in advance by the POC. Federal Holidays: New Year s Day January 01 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 04 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 If the holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as a national holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a National holiday by U.S. Government Agencies, and any day specifically declared by the President of the United States of America. 10. Safety: All personnel employed by the Contractor in the performance of this contract, or any representative of the Contractor entering on VAGLAHCS shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and VA safety and fire regulations and codes, which are in effect during the performance period of the contract. Contractor shall perform work in strict accordance with existing relevant, accredited standards and codes to minimize the possibility of injury to personnel, or damage to Government equipment. Every effort shall be made to safeguard human life and property. The contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local requirements regarding workers health and safety. The requirements include, but are not limited to, those found in Federal and State Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) statutes and regulations, such as applicable provisions of Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 1910 and 1926, NFPA 70E, Article 130.7 29 CFR 1910.132(d)(1)(iii), 29CFR1910.137. Contractor shall provide all necessary tools, and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) to perform the work safely, effectively, and timely. Contract Personnel shall be subject to the same quality assurance standards or exceed current recognized national standards as established by the Joint Commission (JC). 11. Identification, Check-in, Parking, and Smoking Regulations: Identification The vendor's employees shall always wear visible identification while on VAGLAHCS premises. Parking It is the responsibility of the contract personnel to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Parking information is available from VA Police & Security Service Office. The Contractor assumes full responsibility for any parking violations. Smoking Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Directive 1085, dated March 5, 2019, provides a comprehensive smoke-free policy for patients, visitors, contractors, volunteers, and vendors, at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Health Administration (VHA) health care facilities. This updated VHA directive implements a smoke-free policy for patients, visitors, contractors, volunteers, and vendors at VA health care facilities, as defined in this directive, based on scientific evidence regarding the adverse health effects of secondhand and thirdhand smoke exposures. The Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Administrative Operations (10NA) and the Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Clinical Operations (10NC) are responsible for the contents of this directive. Questions may be referred to VHA Smoke Free: vhasmokefree@va.gov. This VHA directive is scheduled for recertification on or before the last working day of March 2024. This VHA directive will continue to serve as national VHA policy until it is recertified or rescinded. Weapons and Contraband Possession of weapons or contraband is prohibited and shall be subject to arrest and termination from future performance under this contract. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of VAGLAHCS regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. Safety All personnel employed by the Contractor in the performance of this contract, or any representative of the Contractor entering on VAGLAHCS shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and VA safety and fire regulations and codes, which are in effect during the performance period of the contract. Contractor shall perform work in strict accordance with existing relevant, accredited standards and codes to minimize the possibility of injury to personnel, or damage to Government equipment. Every effort shall be made to safeguard human life and property. Contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local requirements regarding workers health and safety. The requirements include, but are not limited to, those found in Federal and State Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) statutes and regulations, such as applicable provisions of Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 1910 and 1926, NFPA 70E, Article 130.7 29 CFR 1910.132(d)(1)(iii), 29CFR1910.137. Contractor shall provide all necessary tools, and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) to perform the work safely, effectively, and timely. Contract Personnel shall be subject to the same quality assurance standards or exceed current recognized national standards as established by the Joint Commission (JC). 12. Insurance Coverage: The Contractor agrees to procure and maintain, while the contract is in effect, Workers Compensation and Employee s Public Liability Insurance in accordance with Federal and State of California laws. The Contractor shall be responsible for all damage to property, which may be done by him, or any employee engaged in the performance of this contract. The Government shall be held harmless against any or all loss, cost, damage, claim expense or liability whatsoever, because of accident or injury to persons or property of others occurring in the performance of this contract. Before commencing work under this contract, the Contracting Officer shall require the Contractor to furnish certification from his/her insurance company indicating that the coverage specified by FAR 52.228-5 and per FAR Subpart 28.307-2 has been obtained and that it may not be changed or canceled without guaranteed thirty (30) day notice to the Contracting Officer. Contractor is required to provide copies of proof of Workers Compensation and Employee Public Liability Insurance within fifteen (15) calendar days after notification of contract award. 13. Invoices: Payment of services rendered under this contract shall be made in arrears upon satisfactory completion of each service and receipt of a properly prepared invoice and submitted by the Contractor to the payment address specified by Contracting. Invoices shall reference the Contract Number and Purchase Order Number, Manifest Number(s), provide a complete and accurate description of services/ supplies delivered/ rendered, including dates of performance, amounts, unit prices, extended totals and any other data relevant for payment purposes. The Government shall not authorize payment until such time that the VAGLAHCS PPOC all properly executed and signed documentation. No advance payments shall be authorized. Payment shall be made on monthly arrears for services provided during the billing month in arrears in accordance with FAR 52.212-4, para. (i). Upon submission of a properly prepared invoice for prices stipulated in this contract for services delivered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract, less any deductions stipulated in this contract. Payment of invoices may be delayed if the appropriate invoices as specified in the contract are not completed and submitted as required. *For each line item, vendors shall provide the manufacturer name, part number, description, country of origin, BAA/TAA compliance status, COTS status, contract number (if on FSS/SEWP/NAC), or confirmation that the item is open-market. B.2 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

125.00 EA __________________ __________________ PRVC TRACKS SYSTEMS (TROLLEY, SWING ARM, AND DROP TRACK) ITEM # LGPRVCMP country of origin: _____________ BAA compliance (Yes/No): _______ TAA compliance (Yes/No): ________ FSS/SEWP/NAC contract number, if applicable: ________ 0002

125.00 EA __________________ __________________ PRVC SYSTEMS DISPOSABLE CURTAINS 66W X 68H (CREAM) 12/CASE ITEM # PRVCCDC66X68CCR country of origin: _____________ BAA compliance (Yes/No): _______ TAA compliance (Yes/No): ________ FSS/SEWP/NAC contract number, if applicable: ________ GRAND TOTAL __________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Espinoza, Jose A.
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: jose.espinoza3@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a823c80c5c3447008ac7ccb461f94152/view)