---
layout: default
title: Industry Day Site Visit to National Training Center (NTC)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: b18f22beaa5f471ca2424dcccd69eac4
---

# Industry Day Site Visit to National Training Center (NTC)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 15:00:36.032-04
- Solicitation Number: W911SR-26-R-NTCR

## Summary

INDUSTRY DAY SITE VISIT TO NATIONAL TRAINING CENTER (NTC): On 8-10 March 2026, the Portfolio Acquisition Executive (PAE) Layered Protection and Chemical Biological Radiological and Nuclear Defense (LP & CBRND) will host an Industry Day at the National Training Center at Ft. Irwin, CA during which contractors will have the opportunity to observe aspects of a training rotation with key focus on a Defend/Attack Scenario within a large scale combat operation against a peer adversary. The PAE LP&CBRND will provide participants with an overview of the Formation Based Layered Protection Characteristics of Need relevant to the observed training and is seeking insights from industry to ensure that our forces are equipped with the most advanced tools for safe, efficient, and effective operations. ***The Government will not reimburse contractors or responders to this notice for any costs incurred in responding, or any subsequent exchange of information or for any travel.*** This is a Request for Information (RFI) only. This is not an Invitation for Bids (IFB), Request for Quotations (RFQ), or Request for Proposals (RFP). This notice is published in accordance with FAR Parts 10.002 and 15.201 in support of market research. No award is intended as a result of this request as the Government has no intention of paying for vendor participation or information received. Desired Capabilities: Avoid Being Seen: We require advanced, multi-spectral concealment systems for vehicles, equipment, and individual soldiers that remain effective while moving. We also need scalable, multi-spectral obscuration capabilities that surpass traditional smoke to defeat modern sensors. Avoid Being Understood: We need tactical technical effects—both physical and virtual—and signature manipulation tools for employment at all echelons. These capabilities must present a convincing, false operational picture to the enemy, compelling them to misallocate their intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and strike assets. Avoid Being Hit: We seek platform-agnostic, AI-enabled, and cost-effective solutions for: Unit-Level Counter-UAS: Scalable, integrated, and layered kinetic and non-kinetic C-UAS systems for our maneuvering formations. Resilient C2 & Decision Support: C2 networks that can function in a heavily contested electromagnetic environment. These networks must support AI-powered decision support tools that enable commanders to optimize their protection posture at machine speed. Long-Range Disruption: Integrated capabilities that synchronize Fires, Cyber, and Electronic Warfare to disrupt the enemy's kill chain before they can apply effects to our forces. Survive If Hit: We need enhanced and integrated protection systems that provide layered defense against a spectrum of threats. We also require autonomous and robotic engineer systems that can rapidly construct survivability positions and breach obstacles under fire. Finally, we need to improve the individual soldier's protection and resilience on an increasingly lethal battlefield. Common Technology Characteristics: Open and Standardized solutions that adhere to a Modular Open Systems Approach (MOSA) to support future upgrades, enhance interoperability, and reduce integration timelines. Platform-Agnostic payloads and systems designed with common interfaces to maximize compatibility across a wide range of current and future robotic and vehicle platforms. AI and Autonomy-Enabled integrate artificial intelligence and machine learning to reduce cognitive load on Soldiers, accelerate decision cycles, and enable autonomous operations. Solutions must be optimized for Size, Weight, Power, and Cost (SWaP-C) to support disaggregated maneuvers in contested environments without overburdening the Soldier or the sustainment system. Scalable solutions that are designed for cost-effective mass production, ease of training, and usability for the average Soldier. Implementation During the NTC Event: During the event, units will actively engage in Attack & Defend operations using current systems. Vendors will have the opportunity to observe these operations firsthand, gaining insights into operational gaps and limitations. Participation involves: Observing the current processes as they are executed in real-time. Identifying capability gaps or shortfalls based on observed operational challenges. Providing feedback on existing or emerging technologies that could fill these gaps, especially those in planning or development stages that could be ready for deployment within eight months. Role as Vendors: We invite vendors to engage with government personnel to gain a better understanding of capability needs. Within 30 days following the event, vendors should be prepared to deliver documentation detailing their proposed solution. This documentation must clearly address the following: Problem-Solution Fit: How the technology solves specific operational challenges observed at NTC. Integration Plan: A plan for integrating the solution into current or future operations. Key Attributes: An emphasis on the solution's reliability, speed, and ease of use in complex, contested environments. Maturity and Scalability: The solution's current readiness level and its potential for mass production and deployment.” Conclusion: This event is a critical opportunity for industry partners to provide insights and innovative ideas on emerging technologies that could significantly enhance our tactical capabilities. These insights and innovations are vital to ensure that our forces are equipped with the most advanced tools for safe, efficient, and effective operations. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: Interested firms who believe they can meet the above-mentioned objective are invited to register and provide the following information: Company name, company address, Overnight delivery address (if different from mailing address), Point of contact name, E-mail address, Telephone number Cage Code- to include business size (i.e. large business or small business, if small business is there a socio-economic set-aside, small disadvantaged, veteran owned, woman owned, etc.) Capability statement describing the company’s ability to provide a meaningful response and meet the objectives herein Restrictions: Responses shall be no more than five (5) pages in Times New Roman or Arial font no less than size 12. No more than two participants per company will be permitted to the three-day event (8-10 March 2026). The responses to this RFI shall be unclassified. All assumptions, including any assumed Government support and Government-Furnished Property (GFP) that the firm would require to execute the work, shall be clearly identified. All proprietary and restricted information shall be clearly marked. Any information submitted may be used to develop a future solicitation or contract action. This RFI is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered as an IFB, RFQ, or RFP. Additionally, there is no obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any supplies or services described in this RFI. Your response to this RFI will be treated only as information for the Government to consider. You will not be entitled to payment for direct or indirect costs that you incur in responding to this RFI. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter into negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated or received for this effort. The information provided may be used by the Army for planning and market research purposes. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. Due to physical limitations, the Government estimates the number of individuals from industry who may participate at approximately 50, however, the Government reserves the right to increase or reduce those numbers based upon responses received. The Government will not reimburse contractors or responders to this notice for any costs incurred in responding, or any subsequent exchange of information. Interested parties can submit questions up until 20 February 2026 to samantha.l.degele.civ@army.mil and stacey.l.jump.civ@army.mil. All personnel interested in registering for the event shall contact both Contracting Officer, Samantha Degele, at e-mail samantha.l.degele.civ@army.mil and Contract Specialist, Stacey Jump, at e-mail stacey.l.jump.civ@army.mil no later than 5 p.m. EDT on 25 February 2026. No telephone or facsimile requests will be accepted. Responses will not be returned or considered by the Government as offers. Questions and responses may be published as amendment to this RFI. Key Dates: 20 February 2026- Initial questions due 25 February 2026- Registration closing date 8-10 March 2026- 3-Day Event 20 March 2026- Post-event questions due 18 April 2026- Responses due date

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha Degele
  - Email: samantha.l.degele.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Stacey L. Jump
  - Email: stacey.l.jump.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b18f22beaa5f471ca2424dcccd69eac4/view)