---
layout: default
title: Maritime Law Enforcement Advisor
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f9e4518440cd485ba744212aaaa996ec
---

# Maritime Law Enforcement Advisor

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 12:10:16.161-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-027-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Maritime Law Enforcement Advisor Location: Hanoi, Vietnam Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: April 24, 2026 Closing Date: May 8, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-027-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State SUBJECT A solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC), Department of State (DOS), Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). The United States Government (USG), represented by the DOS, seeks applications from US citizens interested in providing PSC services as described in this solicitation. PRE-AWARD ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSC (JUN 2011) This solicitation may result in the award of one or more personal services contracts as defined in FAR 2.101. Prior to contract award, all offerors or quotes must advise the cognizant Contracting Officer if they have a personal conflict of interest, such as a financial conflict, that would prevent them from either meeting the requirements of the clause entitled, “Post-Award Ethical Responsibilities of Personal Services Contractors,” or otherwise objectively performing their contractual duties upon contract award. HOW TO APPLY Offerors proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements stated in this solicitation at the place and time specified. A proposal will be determined non-responsive and ineligible for consideration unless all required documents and information are included in the submission. Offerors shall ensure their resume demonstrates their possession of the minimum qualifications outlined in this Solicitation, as well as their ability to fulfill all required duties. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by the offeror during the solicitation process. NOTE REGARDING GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS SOLICITATION This solicitation in no way obligates the Department of State to award a PSC contract, nor does it commit the Department of State to pay any cost incurred in the preparation and submission of the application. Proposals must include the following and not exceed twenty (20) pages (additional pages will not be accepted or reviewed): 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Resume 3. Evaluation Factor Responses 4. Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Note: Your resume should contain explicit information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information should be clearly identified in your resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine your qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. Additional documents submitted beyond the requirements will not be accepted or reviewed. *** ONE PDF ATTACHMENT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to fill the position of Maritime Law Enforcement Advisor at U.S. Embassy Hanoi. The Advisor will provide specialized maritime expertise to develop INL’s maritime law enforcement programs in Vietnam and oversee all management aspects of the program (to include funding, training, equipment accountability, and implementer performance). The Advisor also will assist in developing a strategic vision for the maritime program, ensure activities meet program goals, provide internal controls and accountability for the delivery of equipment, technical assistance, training, and other assistance to partners. The Advisor must be able to work rapidly and respond promptly to multiple and evolving priorities. The position requires maritime sector operational law enforcement expertise and experience to enable the incumbent to identify and define assistance requirements, coordinate delivery timelines to support and reinforce other maritime law enforcement assistance projects, and provide oversight of their implementation as well as monitoring, assessment, and evaluation to ensure program effectiveness. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Hanoi-based INL Director or his/her designee, the Maritime Law Enforcement Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Serves as the maritime law enforcement advisor and point of contact for the INL maritime law enforcement projects in Vietnam. 2. Identifies opportunities to promote effective maritime law enforcement projects in Vietnam, including support to Vietnam Coast Guard, Vietnam Customs, Fisheries Surveillance Force, and other maritime agencies on maritime law enforcement coordination and interoperability, countering malign influence, transnational organized crime, maritime resources protection, and port and border security. The incumbent will also be responsible for designing and managing these projects under the guidance of the INL Director and INL/Europe and Asia program officer. 3. Reviews proposals for maritime capacity building generated by implementing partners, security cooperation officers, and others proposing maritime law enforcement programs involving Vietnam. Provides the INL Director and INL/EA program officer an evaluation of their merits. Generates project and activity proposals for Vietnam involvement in regional events and submits proposals to the INL Director and INL/EA program officer for approval. 4. Develops, maintains, and produces a comprehensive schedule of maritime law enforcement related training, exercises, meetings, and seminars involving Vietnam maritime law enforcement organizations. Provides the schedule to the distribution list specified by INL/EA every month. 5. Assists in the preparation of required reporting such as the annual budget request for International Narcotics, Crime and Law Enforcement (INCLE) funds and the Mission Resource Request. Supports INL annual reporting requirements. Administers and monitors the expenditure of funds provided to implementers. 6. Serves as Grants Officer Representative (GOR) and/or Agreement Officer Representative (AOR), preparing project paperwork, soliciting proposals, overseeing project activities, uploading regular required documentation, making required project and budgetary adjustments, and closing out reports in a timely manner. 7. Prepares program documentation and procurement requirements for maritime projects and events involving program funds for Vietnam. Prepares and submits regular reports, including monthly status reports, to the INL Director and INL/EA. 8. As directed by the INL Director, observes, participates, or advises U.S. delegates at multinational fora or planning events, particularly those with a maritime focus. Maintains professional and social relationships with partner nation government maritime justice sector officials, ensuring cooperative working relationships. Provides a written report to the INL Director and INL/EA within 14 days of event conclusion. 9. Analyzes and reports on maritime law enforcement developments in Vietnam, and prepares cables, official/informal (O/I) reports, scene setters, and other correspondence related to maritime law enforcement matters in Vietnam or of importance to the region. Briefs visitors to post orally and in writing about INL-funded maritime law enforcement programs in Vietnam. Prepares documents for presentation to visitors or other maritime law enforcement stakeholders in the region. As directed by the INL Director, develops appropriate itineraries, and accompanies official travelers, as necessary. 10. Coordinates with the rest of the INL team at Post, the Political and Economic Sections, Office of Defense Cooperation, Defense Attaché, other USG regional maritime entities and personnel, and likeminded foreign maritime security partners in the region. 11. Coordinates with implementing partners to ensure submission of a complete and accurate post-event report. Reviews the reports and submits them to the INL Director and the INL/EA program officer within sixty days of the end of the event. 12. Observes events as scheduled by the program office through the INL Director to validate that training and conduct achieves training objectives and that all parties interact meaningfully and professionally; ensures that appropriate financial cost controls are applied. Prepares and provides assessment reports to the INL Director and INL/EA within thirty days of the close of the event. 13. Establishes and maintains appropriate internal management controls. Ensures that INL programs are not subject to waste, fraud, or mismanagement. Helps manage and monitor the use of all U.S.-provided commodities intended for maritime program purposes. 14. Conducts field surveys, evaluations, and special studies, as directed by the INL Director and approved by INL/EA. 15. Represents INL in internal and external meetings, ceremonies, and representational events as required. 16. Schedules and facilitates meeting requests from INL during program reviews and assessments. 17. Submits weekly status reports to the INL Program Officer detailing readouts and analysis of key meetings, interlocutors, trainings, and program activities, to feed into unit-wide weekly Activity Reports and bi-monthly activity reporting cables. Reports should also include potential opportunities, upcoming activities, and updates on noteworthy policy, political, or maritime developments in country. 18. Ensures compliance with INL program management policies and procedures, which will include monitoring procurement and end use monitoring; and drafting program planning documents, such as work plans, budget plans, and monitoring and evaluation frameworks. 19. The Advisor will be guided by the INL Program and Policy Guide. Supplementary guidance will be provided by the Foreign Affairs Manuals for Financial Management (4 FAM), General Services (6 FAM) and Logistics Management (14 FAM) and associated Foreign Affairs Handbooks (FAH). 20. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 21. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Obtain/maintain Grants Officer Representative Certification within six (6) months of arriving at Post. 2. Complete the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 3. Complete the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650), or equivalent as required by most recent Department of State regulations, prior to deployment to Post. 4. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 5. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Hanoi, Vietnam. Frequent travel to local locations will be required. Occasional travel to other countries in the region and the U.S. may also be required. RELATIONSHIPS The Advisor will report directly to the INL Director and coordinate with the INL/EA Program Officer on program implementation as well as INL policies, priorities, and objectives. The Advisor is also expected to coordinate closely with Federal Law Enforcement representatives, Department of Defense Officials, and Political and other sections in Embassy Hanoi. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY The Advisor must be able to assess Vietnamese maritime law enforcement needs and develop and manage projects in coordination with Vietnamese officials. The Advisor must also ensure sustainability of projects through provision of appropriate training and maintenance. The Advisor must have the ability to integrate competing needs of U.S. maritime, development, and security agencies, and host government entities involved in the maritime law enforcement sector. The work involves planning, organizing, and managing day-to-day administration and oversight of a large number of organizational initiatives and training details. The ability to effectively manage large quantities of ever-evolving data is also essential. SCOPE AND EFFECTIVENESS The Advisor performs a broad range of tasks related to a complex foreign assistance program in Vietnam. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution. 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of professional experience in maritime security or maritime law enforcement. 4. A minimum of three (3) years of experience instructing and implementing U.S. security assistance projects or U.S. security cooperation with foreign countries. 5. A minimum of three (3) years of successful supervisory and leadership experience in a multicultural environment. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Operational Maritime Experience (35 points) Demonstrated professional work experience and formal education related to maritime law enforcement, maritime security operations, and/or legal functions associated with enforcement of violators in the maritime domain. Factor 2: Foreign Assistance Experience (25 points) Demonstrated knowledge and experience in U.S. security assistance program management or U.S. security cooperation coordination activities with foreign countries. Experience should include USG interagency coordination, project design and development, strategic alignment, planning, budgeting/resourcing, execution of procurements and other funding mechanisms, and project oversight. Preference will be given to experience related to the maritime domain and with countries in Southeast Asia. Factor 3: Leadership and Management (10 points) Demonstrated experience in formal leadership position directly supervising staff, inspiring high performance, and building an organizational culture of trust, with strong preference for international/multicultural experience. Demonstrated ability to oversee simultaneous projects, tracking progress on organizational goals. Demonstrated experience in budget planning and management. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 35 Factor #2 – 25 Factor #3 – 10 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to fill the position of Maritime Law Enforcement Advisor at U.S. Embassy Hanoi. The Advisor will provide specialized maritime expertise to develop INL’s maritime law enforcement programs in Vietnam and oversee all management aspects of the program (to include funding, training, equipment accountability, and implementer performance). The Advisor also will assist in developing a strategic vision for the maritime program, ensure activities meet program goals, provide internal controls and accountability for the delivery of equipment, technical assistance, training, and other assistance to partners. The Advisor must be able to work rapidly and respond promptly to multiple and evolving priorities. The position requires maritime sector operational law enforcement expertise and experience to enable the incumbent to identify and define assistance requirements, coordinate delivery timelines to support and reinforce other maritime law enforcement assistance projects, and provide oversight of their implementation as well as monitoring, assessment, and evaluation to ensure program effectiveness. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Hanoi-based INL Director or his/her designee, the Maritime Law Enforcement Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Serves as the maritime law enforcement advisor and point of contact for the INL maritime law enforcement projects in Vietnam. 2. Identifies opportunities to promote effective maritime law enforcement projects in Vietnam, including support to Vietnam Coast Guard, Vietnam Customs, Fisheries Surveillance Force, and other maritime agencies on maritime law enforcement coordination and interoperability, countering malign influence, transnational organized crime, maritime resources protection, and port and border security. The incumbent will also be responsible for designing and managing these projects under the guidance of the INL Director and INL/Europe and Asia program officer. 3. Reviews proposals for maritime capacity building generated by implementing partners, security cooperation officers, and others proposing maritime law enforcement programs involving Vietnam. Provides the INL Director and INL/EA program officer an evaluation of their merits. Generates project and activity proposals for Vietnam involvement in regional events and submits proposals to the INL Director and INL/EA program officer for approval. 4. Develops, maintains, and produces a comprehensive schedule of maritime law enforcement related training, exercises, meetings, and seminars involving Vietnam maritime law enforcement organizations. Provides the schedule to the distribution list specified by INL/EA every month. 5. Assists in the preparation of required reporting such as the annual budget request for International Narcotics, Crime and Law Enforcement (INCLE) funds and the Mission Resource Request. Supports INL annual reporting requirements. Administers and monitors the expenditure of funds provided to implementers. 6. Serves as Grants Officer Representative (GOR) and/or Agreement Officer Representative (AOR), preparing project paperwork, soliciting proposals, overseeing project activities, uploading regular required documentation, making required project and budgetary adjustments, and closing out reports in a timely manner. 7. Prepares program documentation and procurement requirements for maritime projects and events involving program funds for Vietnam. Prepares and submits regular reports, including monthly status reports, to the INL Director and INL/EA. 8. As directed by the INL Director, observes, participates, or advises U.S. delegates at multinational fora or planning events, particularly those with a maritime focus. Maintains professional and social relationships with partner nation government maritime justice sector officials, ensuring cooperative working relationships. Provides a written report to the INL Director and INL/EA within 14 days of event conclusion. 9. Analyzes and reports on maritime law enforcement developments in Vietnam, and prepares cables, official/informal (O/I) reports, scene setters, and other correspondence related to maritime law enforcement matters in Vietnam or of importance to the region. Briefs visitors to post orally and in writing about INL-funded maritime law enforcement programs in Vietnam. Prepares documents for presentation to visitors or other maritime law enforcement stakeholders in the region. As directed by the INL Director, develops appropriate itineraries, and accompanies official travelers, as necessary. 10. Coordinates with the rest of the INL team at Post, the Political and Economic Sections, Office of Defense Cooperation, Defense Attaché, other USG regional maritime entities and personnel, and likeminded foreign maritime security partners in the region. 11. Coordinates with implementing partners to ensure submission of a complete and accurate post-event report. Reviews the reports and submits them to the INL Director and the INL/EA program officer within sixty days of the end of the event. 12. Observes events as scheduled by the program office through the INL Director to validate that training and conduct achieves training objectives and that all parties interact meaningfully and professionally; ensures that appropriate financial cost controls are applied. Prepares and provides assessment reports to the INL Director and INL/EA within thirty days of the close of the event. 13. Establishes and maintains appropriate internal management controls. Ensures that INL programs are not subject to waste, fraud, or mismanagement. Helps manage and monitor the use of all U.S.-provided commodities intended for maritime program purposes. 14. Conducts field surveys, evaluations, and special studies, as directed by the INL Director and approved by INL/EA. 15. Represents INL in internal and external meetings, ceremonies, and representational events as required. 16. Schedules and facilitates meeting requests from INL during program reviews and assessments. 17. Submits weekly status reports to the INL Program Officer detailing readouts and analysis of key meetings, interlocutors, trainings, and program activities, to feed into unit-wide weekly Activity Reports and bi-monthly activity reporting cables. Reports should also include potential opportunities, upcoming activities, and updates on noteworthy policy, political, or maritime developments in country. 18. Ensures compliance with INL program management policies and procedures, which will include monitoring procurement and end use monitoring; and drafting program planning documents, such as work plans, budget plans, and monitoring and evaluation frameworks. 19. The Advisor will be guided by the INL Program and Policy Guide. Supplementary guidance will be provided by the Foreign Affairs Manuals for Financial Management (4 FAM), General Services (6 FAM) and Logistics Management (14 FAM) and associated Foreign Affairs Handbooks (FAH). 20. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 21. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Obtain/maintain Grants Officer Representative Certification within six (6) months of arriving at Post. 2. Complete the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 3. Complete the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650), or equivalent as required by most recent Department of State regulations, prior to deployment to Post. 4. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 5. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Hanoi, Vietnam. Frequent travel to local locations will be required. Occasional travel to other countries in the region and the U.S. may also be required. RELATIONSHIPS The Advisor will report directly to the INL Director and coordinate with the INL/EA Program Officer on program implementation as well as INL policies, priorities, and objectives. The Advisor is also expected to coordinate closely with Federal Law Enforcement representatives, Department of Defense Officials, and Political and other sections in Embassy Hanoi. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government"s requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY The Advisor must be able to assess Vietnamese maritime law enforcement needs and develop and manage projects in coordination with Vietnamese officials. The Advisor must also ensure sustainability of projects through provision of appropriate training and maintenance. The Advisor must have the ability to integrate competing needs of U.S. maritime, development, and security agencies, and host government entities involved in the maritime law enforcement sector. The work involves planning, organizing, and managing day-to-day administration and oversight of a large number of organizational initiatives and training details. The ability to effectively manage large quantities of ever-evolving data is also essential. SCOPE AND EFFECTIVENESS The Advisor performs a broad range of tasks related to a complex foreign assistance program in Vietnam. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution. 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of professional experience in maritime security or maritime law enforcement. 4. A minimum of three (3) years of experience instructing and implementing U.S. security assistance projects or U.S. security cooperation with foreign countries. 5. A minimum of three (3) years of successful supervisory and leadership experience in a multicultural environment. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Operational Maritime Experience (35 points) Demonstrated professional work experience and formal education related to maritime law enforcement, maritime security operations, and/or legal functions associated with enforcement of violators in the maritime domain. Factor 2: Foreign Assistance Experience (25 points) Demonstrated knowledge and experience in U.S. security assistance program management or U.S. security cooperation coordination activities with foreign countries. Experience should include USG interagency coordination, project design and development, strategic alignment, planning, budgeting/resourcing, execution of procurements and other funding mechanisms, and project oversight. Preference will be given to experience related to the maritime domain and with countries in Southeast Asia. Factor 3: Leadership and Management (10 points) Demonstrated experience in formal leadership position directly supervising staff, inspiring high performance, and building an organizational culture of trust, with strong preference for international/multicultural experience. Demonstrated ability to oversee simultaneous projects, tracking progress on organizational goals. Demonstrated experience in budget planning and management. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 35 Factor #2 – 25 Factor #3 – 10 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant"s writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee"s FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker"s Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f9e4518440cd485ba744212aaaa996ec/view)