---
layout: default
title: 16--CONTROLLER,DE-I, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e071356c9f1a4bb5946ddccf879b49e2
---

# 16--CONTROLLER,DE-I, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 08:50:23.731-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038326QLA79

## Summary

NSN 7R-1680-016552212-P8, TDP VER 001, QTY 2 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to ?issue? contractual documents as detailed herein. This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing/repair knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition/repair of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights,manufacturing/repair knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the Government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application. The subject item requires Government source approval prior to contract award, as the item is flight critical and/or the technical data available has not been determined adequate to support acquisition via full and open competition. Only the source(s) previously approved by the Government for this item have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in one of the NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support (NAVSUP WSS) Source Approval Information Brochures listed below. Spares: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Sup port/Business-Opps/ Repair: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP -Weapon-Systems-Support/Business-Opps/ technical data required to be submitted based on your company's experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVSUP WSS submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet Government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue based on Fleet support needs. The NAVSUP WSS Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Support/Bus iness-Opps/" Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specificationsand Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases(QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoDSingle Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service(DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://quicksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSISTHelp Desk at 215-697-2667 or 215-697-2179 (DSN: 442-2667), or mail their request to DLADocument Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094. The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. All responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals, quotationsor capability statements. This notice of intent is not a request forcompetitive proposals. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30days if award is issued under an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) afterdate of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets the qualification requirement(s) at time of award, in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1. The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements and is cited in each individual solicitation. Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify tothe contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy theGovernment's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to: Free Trade Agreements, if DFARS clause 252.225-7036 Buy American Act--Free Trade Agreements--Balance of Payments Program, is included in thesolicitation. The World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements, if DFARS clause 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements, is included in the solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: DANIELLE M. JUNOD, N792.15, PHONE (215)697-1138, EMAIL DANIELLE.M.JUNOD.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Email: DANIELLE.M.JUNOD.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e071356c9f1a4bb5946ddccf879b49e2/view)