---
layout: default
title: 6515--ASP Sterrad
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7c235821e144432ca73fc273101932b0
---

# 6515--ASP Sterrad

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 15:01:33.461-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0450
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 339112 (size standard of 1000 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing STERRAD 100NX System with ALLClear from Advanced Sterilization Products OR Equal for Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System. Contractors should provide listed products and services (if any) at firm-fixed prices during contractual performance period (12 months). SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: This project is part of the Department of Veterans Affairs Greater Los Angeles Veterans Health Care System Located at: 11301 Wilshire Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90073 INTRODUCTION This SOW establishes the requirements for the low-temperature sterilizer. The low-temperature sterilizers are compact units which sterilize medical devices by diffusing hydrogen peroxide vapor into the chamber and then electromagnetically exciting the hydrogen peroxide molecules into a low-temperature plasma state. The current low-temperature sterilizers are at end-of-life and are need of replacement. SCOPE OF WORK: This statement of work (SOW) describes the requirement for the need for the low-temperature sterilizers for the GLA Healthcare System. The SOW will include delivery, installation, and warranty for this new equipment. The installation will include inspecting the equipment and training. PRODUCT DESCRIPTION The low-temperature sterilizers are medical devices that use the process of diffusing hydrogen peroxide vapor into the chamber and then electromagnetically exciting the hydrogen peroxide molecules into a low-temperature plasma state. The sterilizers must include: Gas Plasma Technology Sterilize flexible endoscopes Upgradeable Platform Up to five sterilization cycles Pre-load monitoring This item must be FDA approved. Must have interchangeable design (plug and play) allowing standardization for applications. All the equipment must match the description, the measurements, and the sizes described in the request. The equipment must include a minimum of OEM 1-year warranty. The equipment must include OEM installation (parts, labor, travel). QUANTITIES LINE ITEM DESCRIPTION Part# Unit Cost QTY 0001 STERRAD 100NX 1 DOOR WITH ULTRA GI 10104-009 135,000.00 4 0002 STERRAD NX ALLCLEAR 10033-004-50 53,000.00 1 0003 STERRAD NX SYSTEM CART 10311-50 1,845.00 1 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The anticipated period of performance will be 90-days starting on the date of award. The period of performance will end after all units have been installed and completed. DELIVERY, UNPACKAGING, AND HAUL AWAY Delivery shall be coordinated with the GLA Warehouse, Building 297, on the agreed-upon delivery date and time. The vendor shall deliver all materials in the manufacturer s original, sealed containers with the brand name clearly identified. The vendor shall package all items in a manner that prevents damage or deterioration during shipment, handling, and storage. Any delayed delivery arrangements, within a period of up to 60 days, shall be provided at no additional cost to the Government. Upon delivery, the vendor shall be responsible for unpackaging, inspecting, and staging the equipment in preparation for installation. The vendor shall remove, transport, and dispose of the existing units as part of the delivery and installation process. Delivery Location: GLA Building 297 Warehouse, 11301 Wilshire Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90073 INSTALLATION The equipment requires installation and shall be delivered, unpackaged, and fully installed by the vendor. The vendor is responsible for transporting the new units after tagging at the warehouse and installing the equipment. The SPS management team will accompany the vendor during installation to verify proper placement, configuration, and functionality, and to address any technical or operational questions. Installation shall be coordinated and completed immediately following delivery. WARRANTY All equipment shall be covered under OEM installation (parts, labor, travel), OEM 1-year warranty (that starts the day of customer accepted installation) for preventative maintenance and corrective maintenance not incurred by operator or facility error, 2 user manuals, one-year OEM telephonic technical help desk and in-service training as needed. TRAINING Training will be provided by the technician after the sterilizers have been installed, inspected, and tested at the destination. The vendor will coordinate with SPS management as the point of contact for training. VENDOR FURNISHED ITEMS AND RESPONSIBILITIES The selected vendor shall furnish all items as described in the statement of work. Do not use VA dumpsters for disposal of scrap/waste without prior VA approval. The contractor shall track the manufacturing schedule and notify VA Contracting Officer, VA COR and SPS Management with updates of estimated completion date by email. The Contractor shall provide a point of contact. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, you MUST provide the information indicated below OR your intent, interest to participation, and information provided will not be considered as valid for research purposes. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR § 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? Please indicate if manufacturer is/will be US domestic Small Business / US Domestic Large Business / Foreign. (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (15) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (16) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (17) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (18) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to sam.choo@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, March 12, 2026 by 10:00 AM PST. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Choo, Sam
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: sam.choo@va.gov
  - Phone: sam.choo@va.gov

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7c235821e144432ca73fc273101932b0/view