---
layout: default
title: Hydraulic Cylinders, in support of the WLM-175, WLB-225, WTGB-140, WLBB-240 and WLIC-75 class vessels
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c9b30822bcc942eaa4711802a9724634
---

# Hydraulic Cylinders, in support of the WLM-175, WLB-225, WTGB-140, WLBB-240 and WLIC-75 class vessels

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 17:13:19.681-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z08526RIBCT0100

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE FOR THE OVERHAUL OR PURCHASE OF Hydraulic Cylinders FOR USCG CUTTERS This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE (SSN) / REQUEST FOR INFORMATION, not a pre-solicitation notice or solicitation for proposals/quotations. Pursuant to FAR Part 10 (Market Research), the purpose of this notice is to: (1) determine if sources capable of satisfying the agency's requirements exist, (2) determine if commercial items suitable to meet the agency's needs are available or could be modified to meet the agency's requirements, and (3) determine the commercial practices of companies engaged in providing the needed service or supply. Pursuant to FAR Part 6 and FAR Part 19, competition and set-aside decisions may be based on the results of this market research. This notice in no way obligates the Government to any further action. The U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) anticipates awarding a contract for open, inspect, report, overhaul and/or purchase of Hydraulic Cylinders for the WLM-175, WLB-225, WTGB-140, WLBB-240, and WLIC-75 class vessels. REQUIREMENT: This notice is issued by the USCG, Surface Forces Logistics Center - Baltimore, Md. to identify sources capable of providing the following: SCOPE OF WORK: Opening/inspecting/reporting/overhauling/selling Hydraulic Cylinders, in support of the WLM-175, WLB-225, WTGB-140, WLBB-240 and WLIC-75 class vessels. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The period of performance is anticipated to be on or about September 2026 through August 2031 which includes one base year and four (4) option years. ANTICIPATED PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Vendor’s facility ANTICIPATED NAICS CODE/SIZE STANDARD: The applicable NAICS Code is 333995, Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance. The size standard is 800 Employees. PSC 3040. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION: Companies having capabilities necessary to meet or exceed the stated requirements are invited to provide information including commercial market information and company information in accordance with the documentation requirements below. The response must also demonstrate the capability to provide new manufactured Hydraulic Cylinders. System for Award Management (SAM): SAM can be accessed on the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties should register in SAM.gov per FAR Section 4.1102. Companies may respond to this SSN via e-mail to Cheryl.a.copeland@uscg.mil and Sandra.A.Martinez@uscg.mil no later than 5:00pm EST on 25 March 2026 with the following information/documentation: 1. Name of Company, Address and Unique Entity ID. 2. Point of Contact and Phone Number. 3. Acknowledge that your firm is in compliance with Section 889 of the FY19 NDAA - Prohibition on Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment which prohibits the Federal Government from procuring or obtaining, or extending or renewing a contract to procure or obtain “any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system,” on or after August 13, 2019, unless an exception applies or a waiver is granted. See FAR Clause 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab and Other Covered Entities (DEC 2023) and FAR Clause 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021). 4. Small Business Status. Socioeconomic Categories applicable to the NAICS Code: 8(a) Small Business Concern; HUBZone Small Business Concern; Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Concern (SDVOSBC); Veteran Owned Small Business Concern (VOSBC); Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned Small Business Concern (EDWOSB); Woman Owned Small Business Concern (WOSBC); Small Business Concern; 5. Documentation Verifying Small Business Certification: a. If claiming 8(a) status, provide a copy of your 8(a) Certificate from SBA. b. If claiming HuBZone status, provide a copy of your HuBZone Certificate from SBA. c. If claiming SDVOSBC status, provide documentation that shows the Service Disable Veteran (SDV) unconditionally owns 51 % of the business, controls the management and daily operations, and holds the highest officer position in the company. Documentation should also be provided to show that the SDV has a service-connected disability that has been determined by the Department of Defense or Department of Veteran Affairs. Finally, provide documentation that shows the business is small under the NAICS code above. d. If claiming VOSBC status, provide documentation that shows the Veteran unconditionally owns 51% of the business, controls the management and daily operation, make long-term decisions for the business, and holds the highest officer position in the company that works at the business fulltime during normal working hours. The documentation should also show the business is small under the NAICS code above. e. If claiming EDWOSB status, provide documentation that shows the company is at least 51% owned by one or more women who are “economically disadvantaged” and primarily managed by an economically disadvantaged woman who makes long-term decisions for the business, holds the highest officer position in the business and works at the business full-time during normal working hours. The documentation should also show the business is small under NAICS code 811310. A woman is presumed economically disadvantaged if she has a personal net worth of less than $750,000 (with some exclusions), her adjusted gross yearly income averaged over the three years preceding the certification is less than $350,000, and the fair market value of all her assets is less than $6 million. f. If claiming Woman Owned Small Business status, provide documentation that shows the company is at least 51% owned and controlled by one or more women, and primarily managed by one or more women who make long-term decisions for the business and hold the highest officer positions in the business and work at the business full time during normal working hours. The women must be U.S. citizens. The documentation should also show the business is small under the NAICS code above. g. If claiming Small Business status, provide documentation to show the business is small under the NAICS code above. 6. Statement of Proposal Submission: Statement on how your company will do the work and that your company WILL submit a proposal as a prime contractor if a solicitation is issued as a result of this SSN. 7. Past Performance Information: Evidence of experience in work similar in type and scope to include contract numbers, project titles, and dollar amounts, points of contact and telephone numbers. If two companies are planning to conduct business and submit an offer as a Joint Venture or similar type of teaming agreement, they are requested to provide past performance information on projects of similar scope that they have performed together as a Joint Venture, if available. Providing individual past performance documentation from each company on separate projects where the two did not work together may be considered less relevant. Disclaimer and Important Notes: This SSN is for market research purposes only and does not constitute a Request for Proposal/Quotation; and, it is not considered to be a commitment by the Government to award a contract nor will the Government pay for any information provided; no basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result from a response to this SSN or Government use of any information provided. Failure to respond or submit information in sufficient detail may result in a company not being considered a likely offeror when making a decision on whether or how to set aside a solicitation for restricted competition. Regardless of the information obtained from this SSN, the Government reserves the right to consider any arrangement as deemed appropriate for this requirement. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. No proprietary, classified, confidential or sensitive information should be included in your response to this SSN. The Government reserves the right to use any information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate, including using technical information provided by respondents in any resultant solicitation. At this time, no solicitation exists; therefore, Do Not Request a Copy of the Solicitation. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation notice and solicitation may be published on SAM.gov. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor SAM.gov for release of any future solicitation that may result from this SSN. Responses to this SSN will not be considered adequate responses to any resultant solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Craig Lilly
  - Email: Craig.J.Lilly2@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sandra A. Martinez
  - Email: Sandra.A.Martinez@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c9b30822bcc942eaa4711802a9724634/view)