---
layout: default
title: Three Rivers Region (7 Lakes) MATOC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e8f688022c764d04adf09acfa3b21269
---

# Three Rivers Region (7 Lakes) MATOC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 09:11:57.164-05
- Solicitation Number: W9126G26RA067

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT Fo rThree Rivers Region (7 Lakes) MATOC Posted 06 March 2026 Responses Due: 26 March 2026This is a SOURCES SOUGHT notice to gather industry interest and information with respect to a potential five-year indefinite delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) design/build multiple award task order contract (MATOC) at the seven lakes areas within the Three Rivers Region. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED FROM THIS SOURCES SOUGHT. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this synopsis or any follow-up information requests. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future procurement. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ? Southwestern Fort Worth District has been tasked to solicit a five-year multiple award construction contract for multi-discipline construction work, to include design, with project values up to $1,000,000 to support the Three Rivers seven lakes region. The MATOC will provide a vehicle for execution of a broad range of maintenance; repair and minor/heavy construction performed under a design/build or bid/build process. For the purpose of this Request for Information (RFI), the work to be performed under the MATOC will be within the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) codes as follows: Sector 23 - Construction, Subsection 236 - Construction of Buildings size standard $45 Million. Contractors will be expected to accomplish a wide variety of individual construction projects, ranging from construct only up to full 100% Design/Build, renovation, and additions/upgrades, along with specific work in hazardous material survey/abatement, heating/ventilation/air conditioning, electrical, mechanical, and other major trades. In-house design capability or ready access to design capability is a must for projects under the MATOC. Possible construction activities may include, but are not limited to the following: (a) Road work activities may include the following: Removal and replacement of road surfaces, HMAC overlay, chip seal, slurry seal, substrate work, striping, wheel stop removal and replacement, drainage culvert removal and installation, culvert safety end treatments, guardrail demolition, repair and replacement, etc. (b) Concrete work may include the following: Flatwork, structural, foundations, boat ramps, concrete leveling, flowable fill, concrete road edges, concrete paving, concrete barrier delivery and placement (Jersey barriers), concrete delineators, etc. (c) Recreation area work may include the following: Park sign removal and replacement, picnic shelter construction, cooker removal and installation, fire ring removal and installation, lantern post removal and installation, impact area materials (deliver, spread, and compact), RV shelter construction, restrooms (renovation, demolition, and construction), playground removal and construction, group shelters (renovation, demolition, and construction), gate houses (renovation, demolition, and construction), automatic gate opener removal and installation, underground electric line installation, RV pedestal removal and installation, water line installation, RV water riser removal and replacement, sewer line installation, painting and staining of structures, shoreline protection systems installation, buoy removal and replacement, swim beach delineator removal and replacement, swim beach sand/gravel (deliver and spread), archeological site protection, etc. (d) Dam and office area work may include the following: Office remodeling and construction to include electrical, plumbing, HVAC and structural work, metal building construction, embankment slide repair, embankment vegetation restoration, general earthwork and excavation, delivery and placement of aggregates, preparing and painting of various surfaces, woody vegetation removal, tree and limb removal, etc. (e) Fencing work may include the following: Pipe fence removal and replacement, vehicle barrier removal and replacement, guard post and cable removal and replacement, boundary line clearing, field fence removal and installation, security fence removal and installation, etc. (f) Roofing work may include the following: Asphalt shingle removal and replacement, metal roof removal and replacement, tongue and groove decking replacement, etc. Description of the work will be identified in each individual task order. Individual task order values may range from $500 to $1,000,000 but most Task Orders are anticipated to be in the $100,000 to $700,000 range. The program value is Not-to-Exceed $10,000,000 over a five-year ordering period. Each contract awarded will contain one (1) ordering period for five (5) years. The contemplated procurement methodology will be Request for Proposal (RFP) issued in strict compliance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 15.3; best value source selection procedures. This acquisition is being considered as a total small business set-aside. All interested parties are invited to respond and prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at https://www.sam.gov/ before award of a government contract; failure to register in the SAM database will cause your firm to be ineligible for any future award. Any subsequent RFP will include a seed project that will be considered during the source selection evaluation. The highest rated awardee will receive award of the seed project Task Order, subject to availability of funding. All successful contract awardees are guaranteed a minimum Task Order for $500 to attend an orientation seminar during the first year only. The Government will provide Fair Opportunity on future individual requirements with all the awardees as stipulated in the RFP. The Government anticipates an award of up to six (6) contracts. The Government will evaluate offers utilizing the best value continuum, tradeoff process described in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR Part 15.3) and as stipulated in the RFP. If your firm has an interest in proposing on a future requirement as described above, please prepare a Capability Statement with details as follows:1. Company name, address, point of contact (POC), telephone and fax numbers, email address of POC, CAGE Code, UEI number.2. Company?s business size, to include the number of employees, number of years in the construction industry, and average annual gross revenue for the last three fiscal years.3. Socioeconomic statuses (Small Business, Emerging Small Business, SBA Certified 8(a) Program Participant, SBA HUBZone Firm, Small Disadvantaged Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Business, Veteran-Owned Business, Woman Owned Business).4. Potential teaming arrangements and delineation between the work that will be accomplished by the prime and the work accomplished by the teaming partner(s). 5. Representation of ability to execute a broad range of maintenance, repair, and construction of real property (i.e. carpentry, excavation, interior renovation, exterior renovation, electrical, plumbing, painting, paving, roofing, demolition, masonry, hazardous material survey/abatement, and HVAC) from an on-the-shelf design, or a design provided in-house or through subcontract designers (including design/build ranging from construct only to full 100% Design/Build). Identify specialty construction trades performed by prime company employees, if any, as well as experience in delivering multi-trade design/build projects.6. Architect-Engineering capability, up to complete 100% design or ready access to design capability. Identify if you: 1) have in-house design capability; 2) have state certified Professional Engineers and/or registered Architects on staff; 3) which A-E disciplines you have the ability to design in-house (Mechanical, Electrical, Structural, Fire Protection, etc.), and 4) or whether you subcontract all A-E services. 7. Surge capability to provide significant increase in support (e.g. rapidly identify, employ and equip resources) in the event of a government End of Fiscal Year (EOFY) or Economic surge in number, size or complexity of projects.8. Past/Current performance for projects within the last 5 years where your firm was the Prime Contractor, to include: (a) Contract identification number(s) (b) Title and a brief summary of the project requirements (c) Contracting Agency or firm (Government or commercial) (d) Value of contracts at award and completion to include the number/value of modifications. (e) Type of contract (fixed price, cost reimbursement, labor hour, etc.) (f) Design-Build or Construct-Only (looking for representation of each) (g) Percentage of work done as the Prime Contractor 9. Largest multi-trade project your company has successfully completed, to include value, name and location of client, date completed, and whether the project was renovation or new construction.10. Identify bonding capacity and name(s) of surety(ies). A current National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) assessment in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) will be required prior to proposal submission. Interested Offerors shall respond to this Sources Sought Synopsis no later than 5:00PM CDT, DATE. All interested Offerors must be registered in SAM.GOV to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Email your response to Contract Specialist: Angelina L. PinaHardin at Angelina.l.pinahardin@usace.army.mil and Contracting Officer: Jamauh Winston at jamauh.d.winston@usace.army.mil. ATTACHMENT 1 - Lake Locations of Work (7 Lakes). ATTACHMENT 2 - DRAFT SOW

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angelina PinaHardin
  - Email: angelina.l.pinahardin@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Lake Locations of Work (7 Lakes). ATTACHMENT 2 - DRAFT SOW

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e8f688022c764d04adf09acfa3b21269/view