---
layout: default
title: DA01--Brand Name or Equal (BNE) PAR Excellence System, weight based inventory management system
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9f5733a3e7f5437bb2deef524d0041b4
---

# DA01--Brand Name or Equal (BNE) PAR Excellence System, weight based inventory management system

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-02 09:46:52.994-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0305
- Awardee: null

## Summary

REQUEST FOR INFORMATION The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking information and sources capable of providing the services described below. The purpose of this Request for Information (RFI) is to gather capabilities and market information pertinent to acquisition planning. The responses to the RFI may contribute to determining the method of procurement and identifying parties having an interest in and the resources to support this requirement. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME This RFI is for market research purposes only and does not constitute a request for quotes. Submission of any information in response to this RFI is purely voluntary. The Government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. The information provided may be used by VA in developing its acquisition strategy and informing, refining, and finalizing an acquisition. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted, or competition-sensitive information contained in their response. Only electronic responses to this announcement will be accepted. TITLE Brand Name or Equal (BNE) PAR Excellence Systems. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT PURPOSE Department of Veterans Affairs El Paso VA Health Care System (ELPVAHCS) seeks to install a brand name or equal (BNE) PAR Excellence weight based inventory management system (WBIMS). BACKGROUND ELPVAHCS currently utilizes an inventory management system that no longer suits their needs and is approaching its end of life. The VA requires a WBIMS to replace the current inventory management system and one that will increase productivity. SCOPE AND OBJECTIVES The Contractor s WBIMS shall have the following salient characteristics: Produce an accurate real-time reading of quantities on-hand accessible by a software application and provide data mining capabilities that shall include at a minimum current stock level, recommended order points, average usage levels per item and ability to track medical supply usage per patient treated at the El Paso VA Health Care System and Community Based Outpatient Clinics (CBOC). Provide data mining capability of current inventory including but not limited to current stock levels, recommended order levels, and average usage levels. Provide reports in Excel or text delimited format using commercially available software (MS Word, Excel, etc). Be interfaced with GIP. The primary purpose of the interface is to identify out of balance on-hand quantities and values between GIP and the PAR bins system. Have PAR BINS that shall identify out of balance on hand quantities and values, accounting for any due out or due ins. If the out of balance condition is caused by a pending due in or due out, the out of balance condition shall be displayed separately in the management software to make it easily identifiable. PAR bin due-ins and due-outs will automatically be removed when GIP due-in and due-outs are cleared . PAR BINS shall have color-coded stickers for item identification based on standard color-coding system shown in attachment A. Must be weight based Easily calibrated and accurate Provide real-time visibility into our Secondary Inventory locations Must be able to interface with GIP package in IFCAP for real time data on the available inventory Must be capable of tracking, adjusting, and reporting comprehensive real time information pertaining to the inventory of a secondary location It is imperative that depletion of stock triggers distribution, or pick, ticket based on PAR levels, Re-order points, and Emergency Stock Levels Software needs to be intuitive and easy to train on Software needs to be able to utilize multiple users with different levels of permission. Reports generated by software need to be relevant to APICS Principles of Inventory Management Must be able to handle a wide range of products based on size, thickness, and weight. Complete generic identification: Weight based Inventory Supply Chain Solution Applicable model/make/catalog number: PAR Express weight-based automation by PAR Excellence Equipment Status - Communication about system status including system failures Materials Management Status Open Orders Emergency/Critical Item Levels Negative Quantities on-Hand Item Locator Customer Item Requisition Par Level Analysis Current Levels Level recommendations by cost and usage demand SKU reduction recommendations Items over par level Stock outs and critical hits Par level value over time Consumption Average monthly usage Consumption analysis including time Consumption deviation Consumption over time Reports Activity detail (sales, receipts, adjustments, etc.) to include time inventory on-hand changed Quantity on-hand Value on-hand Department transactions Cycle count sheet Out of balance with GIP - on hand Due-ins Due outs Issue multiple discrepancy between GIP and Par Bin Emergency levels Orders Existing orders Order preview Items Item master Item history Item classification Reconciliation history Most recent recon per item SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS FOR INFORMATION SOUGHT If your organization can provide these services, please respond to the RFI as follows: Cover Sheet Company name, company address, company point of contact (name, address, telephone number, email address), SAM unique entity identifier (UIE) number, and website. Company s size status as listed in SAM under NAICS 541519 and Product Service Code (PSC) DA01. Existing Multiple Award Contract (MAC) vehicles currently held by your company (examples may include General Service Administrations (GSA) schedules, Government-Wide Acquisition Contracts (GWACs), Indefinite Delivery Contracts (IDCs), Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPAs)) available for Government use. For each MAC vehicle provide: Vehicle name Vehicle number Date of award Response Criteria Response submissions to this notice are due no later than April 7, 2026, 12:00 pm (Noon), Eastern Time. Responses shall be submitted to Robert.Johnsen@VA.gov and Stefanie.Applegate@VA.gov. The email subject line must contain the following: Response to RFI Number 36C10B26Q0305. VA reserves the right to not reply to any emails, responses, questions, and/or materials submitted in response to this notice. Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information included is business sensitive and/or includes trade secrets. Responses shall not exceed 15 pages total. Responses shall be prepared in Microsoft Word with standard 8.5 x 11-inch page format (charts may be landscaped but must be on 8.5 x 11-inch page format) and shall be in Times New Roman, font size (12), with 1 margins. All pages for the response shall be appropriately numbered and identified with the announcement number. The email file size limitation shall be no more than 40MB. Capability Statement Respondents shall provide a capability statement with an overview of the company s capabilities to fulfill the scope and objectives described within this RFI. Overview should include but not be limited to: Description of the company s resources available and capable of completing the scope and objectives. Description of the product that your company offers that meets all of the salient characteristics listed above, and a detailed explanation of how it meets all of the aforementioned salient characteristics Provide examples of successful delivery of weight based inventory management systems. List of specific contracts within the last five years in the Government or industry where the vendor provided similar services related to the install of a weight based inventory management system as required in this RFI. At a minimum, include the following: Contract number Company name Customer organization Customer name, title, email, telephone Period of performance Total obligated dollars for contract Do not include value associated with unexercised options or unfunded CLINs For subcontractor experience, only indicate value of the subcontract NAICS Code Role: Prime contractor or Subcontractor Description of project scope Description of the portion of the project scope directly performed by the company

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Johnsen
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: robert.johnsen@va.gov
  - Phone: (848) 377-5349

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Must be weight based Easily calibrated and accurate Provide real-time visibility into our Secondary Inventory locations Must be able to interface with GIP package in IFCAP for real time data on the available inventory Must be capable of tracking, adjusting, and reporting comprehensive real time information pertaining to the inventory of a secondary location It is imperative that depletion of stock triggers distribution, or pick, ticket based on PAR levels, Re-order points, and Emergency Stock Levels Software needs to be intuitive and easy to train on Software needs to be able to utilize multiple users with different levels of permission. Reports generated by software need to be relevant to APICS Principles of Inventory Management Must be able to handle a wide range of products based on size, thickness, and weight. Complete generic identification: Weight based Inventory Supply Chain Solution Applicable model/make/catalog number: PAR Express weight-based automation by PAR Excellence Equipment Status - Communication about system status including system failures Materials Management Status Open Orders Emergency/Critical Item Levels Negative Quantities on-Hand Item Locator Customer Item Requisition Par Level Analysis Current Levels Level recommendations by cost and usage demand SKU reduction recommendations Items over par level Stock outs and critical hits Par level value over time Consumption Average monthly usage Consumption analysis including time Consumption deviation Consumption over time Reports Activity detail (sales, receipts, adjustments, etc.) to include time inventory on-hand changed Quantity on-hand Value on-hand Department transactions Cycle count sheet Out of balance with GIP - on hand Due-ins Due outs Issue multiple discrepancy between GIP and Par Bin Emergency levels Orders Existing orders Order preview Items Item master Item history Item classification Reconciliation history Most recent recon per item SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS FOR INFORMATION SOUGHT If your organization can provide these services, please respond to the RFI as follows: Cover Sheet Company name, company address, company point of contact (name, address, telephone number, email address), SAM unique entity identifier (UIE) number, and website. Company s size status as listed in SAM under NAICS 541519 and Product Service Code (PSC) DA01. Existing Multiple Award Contract (MAC) vehicles currently held by your company (examples may include General Service Administrations (GSA) schedules, Government-Wide Acquisition Contracts (GWACs), Indefinite Delivery Contracts (IDCs), Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPAs)) available for Government use. For each MAC vehicle provide: Vehicle name Vehicle number Date of award Response Criteria Response submissions to this notice are due no later than April 7, 2026, 12:00 pm (Noon), Eastern Time. Responses shall be submitted to Robert.Johnsen@VA.gov and Stefanie.Applegate@VA.gov. The email subject line must contain the following: Response to RFI Number 36C10B26Q0305. VA reserves the right to not reply to any emails, responses, questions, and/or materials submitted in response to this notice. Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information included is business sensitive and/or includes trade secrets. Responses shall not exceed 15 pages total. Responses shall be prepared in Microsoft Word with standard 8.5 x 11-inch page format (charts may be landscaped but must be on 8.5 x 11-inch page format) and shall be in Times New Roman, font size (12), with 1 margins. All pages for the response shall be appropriately numbered and identified with the announcement number. The email file size limitation shall be no more than 40MB. Capability Statement Respondents shall provide a capability statement with an overview of the company s capabilities to fulfill the scope and objectives described within this RFI. Overview should include but not be limited to: Description of the company s resources available and capable of completing the scope and objectives. Description of the product that your company offers that meets all of the salient characteristics listed above, and a detailed explanation of how it meets all of the aforementioned salient characteristics Provide examples of successful delivery of weight based inventory management systems. List of specific contracts within the last five years in the Government or industry where the vendor provided similar services related to the install of a weight based inventory management system as required in this RFI. At a minimum, include the following: Contract number Company name Customer organization Customer name, title, email, telephone Period of performance Total obligated dollars for contract Do not include value associated with unexercised options or unfunded CLINs For subcontractor experience, only indicate value of the subcontract NAICS Code Role: Prime contractor or Subcontractor Description of project scope Description of the portion of the project scope directly performed by the company

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9f5733a3e7f5437bb2deef524d0041b4/view)