---
layout: default
title: 6520--644-TITAN 3 STRAIGHT NOSE CONE OR EQUAL
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d659b5aa94e748239fb0a4ddcc697df4
---

# 6520--644-TITAN 3 STRAIGHT NOSE CONE OR EQUAL

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 16:04:47.154-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0532
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 5 of 5 Page 1 of 2 SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS ONLY This request for information (RFI) and sources sought is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. The submission of pricing, capabilities for planning purposes, and other market information is highly encouraged and allowed under this RFI in accordance with FAR 15.201(e). The purpose of this sources sought/RFI is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources, their socioeconomic status, and their size classification relative to NAICS 339114 Dental Equipment and Supplies Manufacturing size standard of 1,000 employees. Responses to this sources sought will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. This synopsis is neither a request for competitive proposal nor a solicitation of offers. This synopsis is to assist the VA in determining sources only and a solicitation is not currently available. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from responses to this RFI and sources sought. The Department of Veterans Affairs Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) 22 is seeking potential sources capable of supplying The Titan 3 Straight Nose Cone System (257506) or Equivalent. These dental instruments will provide a minimally invasive treatment option for Veterans seeking dental care at the VA Phoenix Healthcare System. The proposed action is for a firm-fixed price, short-term contract. The Government contemplates issuing one (1) solicitation for these supplies to be provided to the following facilities: VA Phoenix Healthcare System 650 E. Indian School Road Phoenix, AZ 85012 Contractor shall provide the following information: Vendor: Address: Telephone Number: Business Size: Socioeconomic Category (i.e. SDVOSB, 8a, VOSB, etc.): UEI Number: FSS/ GSA Contract Holder Yes No FSS/ GSA Contract Number Effective Date / Expiration Date Country of Origin ( COO ) Responses to this sources sought are not request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. Information received as a result of this notice will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not represent a commitment by the Government to pay for cost incurred in the preparation and submission of information or any other cost incurred as a response to this announcement. Inquiries will only be accepted in writing via email to Jonathan.Ford1@va.gov telephone responses shall not be accepted. Please respond by March 26, 2026, 10:00AM PT. Note* The Non-Manufacturer Rule (NMR) in accordance with 13 CFR Â§ 121.406, September 4, 2019 applies to this acquisition. Additionally, as prescribed on 25.1101(a)(1). FAR 52.225-1 Buy American Supplies and FAR 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate applies to this acquisition. a) For small business set-asides other than construction or service contracts the prime contractor that s supplying products to the government is required to cover at least 50 percent of the cost of manufacturing those products. The non-manufacturer rule is an exception to that requirement. The rule allows a small business to supply products it did not manufacture as long as those products come from another small business. b) A manufacturer is defined as a business that, with its own facilities, performs primary activities in transforming inorganic or organic substances, including the assembly of parts and components, into the end product being acquired. In other words, a manufacturer makes or produces products. Businesses may qualify as a non-manufacturer if it meets the following criteria: Does not exceed 500 employees Is primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of products being supplied Will supply the end products of a small business manufacturer or processor made in the United States, or obtains a waiver of such requirement See Title 13 Part 121.406 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) for detailed information about the non-manufacturer rule. FAR 52.225-1 Buy American-SuppliesÂ (Oct 2022) (a)Â Definitions. As used in this clause Commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) item (1)Â Means any item of supply (includingÂ constructionÂ material) that is (i)Â AÂ commercial productÂ (as defined in paragraph (1) of the definition of commercial product at FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation (FAR)Â 2.101); (ii)Â Sold in substantial quantities in the commercial marketplace; and (iii)Â Offered to the Government, under a contract or subcontract at any tier, without modification, in the same form in which it is sold in the commercial marketplace; and (2)Â Does not include bulk cargo, as defined inÂ 46 U.S.C. 40102(4), such as agriculturalÂ productsÂ and petroleumÂ products. ComponentÂ means an article, material, or supply incorporated directly into anÂ end product. Cost of componentsÂ means (1)Â ForÂ componentsÂ purchased by the Contractor, theÂ acquisitionÂ cost, including transportation costs to the place of incorporation into theÂ end productÂ (whether or not such costs are paid to a domestic firm), and any applicable duty (whether or not a duty-free entry certificate is issued); or (2)Â ForÂ componentsÂ manufactured by the Contractor, all costs associated with the manufacture of theÂ component, including transportation costs as described in paragraph (1) of this definition, plus allocable overhead costs, but excluding profit.Â Cost of componentsÂ does not include any costs associated with the manufacture of theÂ end product. Critical componentÂ means aÂ componentÂ that is mined, produced, or manufactured in theÂ United StatesÂ and deemed critical to the U.S. supply chain. The list ofÂ critical componentsÂ is at FARÂ 25.105Â . Domestic end productÂ means (1)Â For anÂ end productÂ that does not consist wholly orÂ predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both- (i)Â An unmanufacturedÂ end productÂ mined or produced in theÂ United States; (ii)Â AnÂ end productÂ manufactured in theÂ United States, if- (A)Â The cost of itsÂ componentsÂ mined, produced, or manufactured in theÂ United StatesÂ exceeds 60 percent of the cost of all itsÂ components, except that the percentage will be 65 percent for items delivered in calendar years 2024 through 2028 and 75 percent for items delivered starting in calendar year 2029.Â ComponentsÂ of foreign origin of the same class or kind as those that the agency determines are not mined, produced, or manufactured in sufficient and reasonably available commercial quantities of a satisfactory quality are treated as domestic.Â ComponentsÂ of unknown origin are treated as foreign.Â ScrapÂ generated, collected, and prepared for processing in theÂ United StatesÂ is considered domestic; or (B)Â TheÂ end productÂ is a COTS item; or (2)Â For anÂ end productÂ that consists wholly orÂ predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, anÂ end productÂ manufactured in theÂ United States, if the cost ofÂ foreign iron and steelÂ constitutes less than 5 percent of the cost of all theÂ componentsÂ used in theÂ end product. The cost ofÂ foreign iron and steelÂ includes but is not limited to the cost of foreign iron orÂ steelÂ millÂ productsÂ (such as bar, billet, slab, wire, plate, or sheet), castings, or forgings utilized in the manufacture of theÂ end productÂ and a good faith estimate of the cost of all foreign iron orÂ steelÂ componentsÂ excluding COTSÂ fasteners. Iron orÂ steelÂ componentsÂ of unknown origin are treated as foreign. If theÂ end productÂ contains multipleÂ components, the cost of all the materials used in suchÂ end productÂ is calculated in accordance with the definition of "cost of components". End productÂ means those articles, materials, andÂ suppliesÂ to be acquired under the contract for public use. FastenerÂ means a hardware device that mechanically joins or affixes two or more objects together. Examples ofÂ fastenersÂ are nuts, bolts, pins, rivets, nails, clips, and screws. Foreign end productÂ means anÂ end productÂ other than aÂ domestic end product. Foreign iron and steelÂ means iron orÂ steelÂ productsÂ not produced in theÂ United States. Produced in theÂ United StatesÂ means that all manufacturing processes of the iron orÂ steelÂ mustÂ take place in theÂ United States, from the initial melting stage through the application of coatings, except metallurgical processes involving refinement ofÂ steelÂ additives. The origin of the elements of the iron orÂ steelÂ is not relevant to the determination of whether it is domestic or foreign. Predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of bothÂ means that the cost of the iron andÂ steelÂ content exceeds 50 percent of the total cost of all itsÂ components. The cost of iron andÂ steelÂ is the cost of the iron orÂ steelÂ millÂ productsÂ (such as bar, billet, slab, wire, plate, or sheet), castings, or forgings utilized in the manufacture of the product and a good faith estimate of the cost of iron orÂ steelÂ componentsÂ excluding COTSÂ fasteners. SteelÂ means an alloy that includes at least 50 percent iron, between 0.02 and 2 percent carbon, andÂ mayÂ include other elements. United StatesÂ means the 50 States, the District of Columbia, andÂ outlying areas. (b)Â 41 U.S.C. chapter 83, Buy American, provides a preference forÂ domestic end productsÂ forÂ suppliesÂ acquired for use in theÂ United States. In accordance withÂ 41 U.S.C. 1907, the domestic content test of the Buy American statute is waived for anÂ end productÂ that is a COTS item (seeÂ 12.505(a)(1)), except that for anÂ end productÂ that consists wholly orÂ predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, the domestic content test is applied only to the iron andÂ steelÂ content of theÂ end product, excluding COTSÂ fasteners. (c)Â OfferorsÂ mayÂ obtain from theÂ Contracting OfficerÂ a list of foreign articles that theÂ Contracting OfficerÂ will treat as domestic for this contract. (d)Â The ContractorÂ shallÂ deliver onlyÂ domestic end productsÂ except to the extent that it specified delivery ofÂ foreign end productsÂ in the provision of theÂ solicitationÂ entitled "Buy American Certificate." (End of clause) FAR 52.225-2 Buy American CertificateÂ (Oct 2022) (a)(1)Â TheÂ OfferorÂ certifies that eachÂ end product, except those listed in paragraph (b) of this provision, is a domesticÂ end productÂ and that each domesticÂ end productÂ listed in paragraph (c) of this provision contains a criticalÂ component. (2)Â TheÂ OfferorÂ shallÂ list as foreignÂ end productsÂ thoseÂ end productsÂ manufactured in theÂ United StatesÂ that do not qualify as domesticÂ end products. For those foreign endÂ productsÂ that do not consist wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, theÂ OfferorÂ shallÂ also indicate whether these foreignÂ end productsÂ exceed 55 percent domestic content, except for those that are COTS items. If the percentage of the domestic content is unknown, select no . (3)Â TheÂ OfferorÂ shallÂ separately list theÂ line item numbersÂ of domesticÂ end productsÂ that contain a criticalÂ componentÂ (see FARÂ 25.105). (4)Â The terms commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) item, criticalÂ component, "domesticÂ end product," "end product," and "foreignÂ end product" are defined in the clause of thisÂ solicitationÂ entitled "Buy American-Supplies." Line ItemÂ No. Country of Origin Exceeds 55% domestic content (yes/no) ______________ _________________ _________________ ______________ _________________ _________________ ______________ _________________ _________________ (b)ForeignÂ End Products: (b)[List as necessary] (c)Â DomesticÂ end productsÂ containing a criticalÂ component: Line ItemÂ No.Â ___ [List as necessary] (d)Â The Government will evaluateÂ offersÂ in accordance with the policies and procedures ofÂ partÂ 25Â of the FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation. (End of provision) The Following below is a description of the Salient Characteristics for the Supplies Needed For This Requirement: Salient Characteristics: TITAN 3 STRAIGHT NOSE CONE (#257506) OR EQUIVALENT Must offer a variety of speed and torque ranges of 5,000 to 20,000rpm Must offer quick connection of handpieces and custom attachments with precision angles. Must be autoclavable and chemicalavable. Must contain lube free motor Must have 360-degree swivel.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jonathan C. Ford
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Jonathan.Ford1@va.gov
  - Phone: -

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d659b5aa94e748239fb0a4ddcc697df4/view)