---
layout: default
title: TWO AIR COMPRESSORS AND RECEIVER TANK
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 85be7233e57c4903bc0d8f2749eded74
---

# TWO AIR COMPRESSORS AND RECEIVER TANK

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 07:26:12.705-04
- Solicitation Number: FA660626Q0008

## Summary

26 FEBRUARY 2026: RFQ UPDATED DUE DATES: RFI due date has changed from 03 March 2026 to 20 March 2026; Quote due date has changed from 10 March 2026 to 31 March 2026. Updates to the requirement and answers to the RFIs will be posted on or after 06 March 2026. Please refrain from submitting quotes until the new information has been posted. Attendance at the Site Visit scheduled for Wednesday, 18 February 2026 at 0900am EDT is strongly encouraged. This is a complex project which requires you to have a full understanding of what is needed in order to submit a Technically Acceptable Quote. Please monitor this SAM.gov notice for any potential changes to the site visit date/time. Anyone interested in attending this site visit must notify Westover of all names of individuals attending the visit via email to the Contracting Officer Rosalie Connelly (rosalie.connelly.1@us.af.mil). Upon receipt of name(s), the Contracting Officer will provide further instructions on obtaining base access. All base visitors MUST PRESENT a REAL ID-COMPLIANT IDENTIFICATION CARD OR APPROVED ALTERNATIVE DOCUMENTS. This change aligns with federal regulations and enhances base security. Entrance can be denied without proper identification. THE INFORMATION LISTED ABOVE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND ADDITIONAL INSTRUCTIONS COULD BE IMPOSED WITHOUT PRIOR NOTIFICATION. (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR

12.6 Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; Quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) Solicitation number FA660626Q0008, is hereby issued as a Request for Quotes (RFQ) for TWO AIR COMPRESSORS AND ONE AIR RECEIVER TANK. A contract will be issued without discussions as a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) award utilizing RFO FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (iii) This solicitation document incorporates provisions and clauses that are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) Publication Notice 20251110, and Defense Air Force Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DAFFARS) Publication Notice 20241016. It is the contractor's responsibility to become familiar with applicable provisions and clauses by visiting https://www.acquisition.gov/. (iv) This solicitation is a 100% small business set aside and is restricted to small businesses only in accordance with RFO FAR 19. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) is 333912 – Air and Gas Compressor Manufacturing; Small Business Size Standard is 1000 employees. (v) For Price and Technical Acceptability, the Vendor MUST provide: a. Unit & total price per CLIN as outlined in the attachment "Solicitation CLIN Schedule Air Compressors and Receiver Tank (attached) b. Physical characteristics of all equipment (can include picture) IAW “Salient Features Air Compressors and Receiver Tank” (attached) c. Warranty description including duration and coverage (vi) Description of Requirement: The vendor will provide a quote IAW “Salient Features Air Compressors and Receiver Tank” (attached) for: Minimum Key Components and Features Required: 1. Air Compressors (2 units) Rotary Screw Air Compressor Power: 25 HP Performance: Delivers up to 107.5 cubic feet per minute (CFM) at 110 psig. Quiet Operation: Features a low-sound enclosure, operating at just 69 dBA. Durability: Equipped with a Totally Enclosed Fan-Cooled (TEFC) motor and a NEMA 4 enclosure for protection. Efficiency: Utilizes a digital controller to optimize energy use and modulate PSI 2. Air Dryer (1 unit) Cycling Refrigerated Dryer Function: Removes moisture from the compressed air to a 38°F dew point, protecting downstream equipment. Energy Savings: It is a "cycling" or "thermal mass" type dryer, which reduces energy consumption during periods of lower demand. 3. Air Filtration General Purpose Filter: Removes liquid, water, oil, and particles down to 1 micron before the dryer. High-Efficiency Oil Removal Filter: Placed after the dryer to remove remaining oil and fine particles down to 0.01 micron, ensuring very clean air. 4. Air Receiver Tank (1 unit) Capacity: 400-gallon vertical tank. Function: Stores compressed air to meet high-demand peaks and improve system efficiency. Safety: Built to ASME safety standards and includes a safety valve and pressure gauge. 5. Condensate Management System (1 unit) Oil/Water Separator Purpose: Safely separates and captures oil from the system's condensation, helping to comply with environmental regulations for disposal. 6. Installation and Service The quote covers the complete installation, including the removal of existing units, all required labor, piping, materials, and electrical work performed by a subcontractor. It also includes system start-up, programming, and training for your personnel on the operation and maintenance of the new units. 7. Warranty Description of coverage and duration All equipment must be suitable for continuous-duty operation in a military aircraft maintenance environment. Installation must be completed during standard duty hours and include startup, testing, and operator instruction. See attachment for specific breakdown of agency needs. (vii) Acceptance and Delivery is FOB destination: 439 MXG/CC, 350 Hangar Avenue, Westover ARB, MA 01022-1537 United States (viii) Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Quotes must include the following information: Pricing, Company Name & Address, Point of Contact, Telephone, Email, Cage Code, UEI Number, and Business Size. Unless already completed on SAM.gov as part of annual certifications, vendors MUST certify provision 52.204-24 and 52.204-26 by completing the attached PDF titled, “FA660626Q0008 Clause Set” and submitting it with their Quote. Vendor Solicitation amendments, if any, need to be acknowledged. (ix) Provision 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. This requirement will be awarded based on Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA). Price - Total evaluated price will be used and calculated by determining the sum of all CLINS. Technical Acceptability - Quotes will be evaluated on an acceptable or unacceptable basis IAW “Salient Features Air Compressors and Receiver Tank” (attached). To receive an acceptable rating the vendor’s Quote must include detailed information regarding all aspects that meet or exceed the minimums set forth IAW “Salient Features Air Compressors and Receiver Tank” (attached). Additionally, the vendor must provide warranty information for each item, including duration and coverage. Failure to meet and describe all minimums of Salient Features, and to provide warranty information, may result in disqualification. (x) Unless already completed on SAM.gov as part of annual certifications, Vendors MUST certify provision 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, by filling in the appropriate fields in attached PDF titled, “FA660626Q0008 Clause Set” and submitting with your Quote. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services applies to this acquisition. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (xiii) IAW FAR 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting, prospective awardees shall have an active Cage Code prior to award of a government contract. To register for a Cage Code and to complete Online Representations and Certifications, go to the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov/SAM/. All vendors interested and capable of obtaining contract award must be registered in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF) located at https://piee.eb.mil/piee-landing/. Vendors are required to create and submit invoices electronically through WAWF and receive payment via Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) for supplies or services rendered. (xiv) Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating is not applicable to this acquisition. (xv) Quotes must be submitted via email no later than (NLT) 12:00 PM EDT Tuesday 10 March 2026 to rosalie.connelly.1@us.af.mil & robert.stacy.2@us.af.mil with "Solicitation FA660626Q0008 " in the subject line. Requests for Information (RFI) concerning this requirement must be submitted in writing to the email list above no later than 12:00 PM EDT Tuesday 03 March 2026. (xvi) Questions concerning this solicitation should be directed to rosalie.connelly.1@us.af.mil & robert.stacy.2@us.af.mil. Ensure to include the solicitation number “FA660626Q0008” in the subject line. (xvii) Notice to Offeror(s)/Supplier(s): Funds are not presently available for this effort. No award will be made under this solicitation until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rosalie M. Connelly
  - Email: rosalie.connelly.1@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Robert E. Stacy
  - Email: robert.stacy.2@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: specific breakdown of agency needs. (vii) Acceptance and Delivery is FOB destination: 439 MXG/CC, 350 Hangar Avenue, Westover ARB, MA 01022-1537 United States (viii) Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Quotes must include the following information: Pricing, Company Name & Address, Point of Contact, Telephone, Email, Cage Code, UEI Number, and Business Size. Unless already completed on SAM.gov as part of annual certifications, vendors MUST certify provision 52.204-24 and 52.204-26 by completing the attached PDF titled, “FA660626Q0008 Clause Set” and submitting it with their Quote. Vendor Solicitation amendments, if any, need to be acknowledged. (ix) Provision 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. This requirement will be awarded based on Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA). Price - Total evaluated price will be used and calculated by determining the sum of all CLINS. Technical Acceptability - Quotes will be evaluated on an acceptable or unacceptable basis IAW “Salient Features Air Compressors and Receiver Tank” (attached). To receive an acceptable rating the vendor’s Quote must include detailed information regarding all aspects that meet or exceed the minimums set forth IAW “Salient Features Air Compressors and Receiver Tank” (attached). Additionally, the vendor must provide warranty information for each item, including duration and coverage. Failure to meet and describe all minimums of Salient Features, and to provide warranty information, may result in disqualification. (x) Unless already completed on SAM.gov as part of annual certifications, Vendors MUST certify provision 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, by filling in the appropriate fields in attached PDF titled, “FA660626Q0008 Clause Set” and submitting with your Quote. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services applies to this acquisition. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (xiii) IAW FAR 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting, prospective awardees shall have an active Cage Code prior to award of a government contract. To register for a Cage Code and to complete Online Representations and Certifications, go to the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov/SAM/. All vendors interested and capable of obtaining contract award must be registered in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF) located at https://piee.eb.mil/piee-landing/. Vendors are required to create and submit invoices electronically through WAWF and receive payment via Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) for supplies or services rendered. (xiv) Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating is not applicable to this acquisition. (xv) Quotes must be submitted via email no later than (NLT) 12:00 PM EDT Tuesday 10 March 2026 to rosalie.connelly.1@us.af.mil & robert.stacy.2@us.af.mil with "Solicitation FA660626Q0008 " in the subject line. Requests for Information (RFI) concerning this requirement must be submitted in writing to the email list above no later than 12:00 PM EDT Tuesday 03 March 2026. (xvi) Questions concerning this solicitation should be directed to rosalie.connelly.1@us.af.mil & robert.stacy.2@us.af.mil. Ensure to include the solicitation number “FA660626Q0008” in the subject line. (xvii) Notice to Offeror(s)/Supplier(s): Funds are not presently available for this effort. No award will be made under this solicitation until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/85be7233e57c4903bc0d8f2749eded74/view)