---
layout: default
title: J065--BioMérieux BioFire Service Agreement 36C25621C0085
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: d99376036bb440f09172708a98c4d38c
---

# J065--BioMérieux BioFire Service Agreement 36C25621C0085

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-24 18:04:13.881-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0563
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Statement of Work Service Agreement for BioMérieux BIOFIRE (Extended Warranty) Alexandria VA Health Care System (AVAHCS) Page 2 of 2 Name/Technical Point of Contact Amy Morgan Section: Pathology and Laboratory Address: Alexandria VA Medical Center 2495 Shreveport HWY Pineville, LA 71360 Phone Number: (318) 466-2349 Fax Number: N/A E-Mail Address: Amymorgan5@va.gov Contract Title. Service Agreement for BioMérieux BIOFIRE (Extended Warranty) Background. This requirement establishes an extended warranty service agreement for BIOFIRE products and associated consumables supporting the BIOFIRE FILMARRAY TORCH Base (S/N KTB00562) and four FILMARRAY TORCH modules (S/Ns KTM19593, KTM02080, KTM02052, KTM02048), located at the Alexandria VA Medical Center in Pineville, Louisiana. The BIOFIRE TORCH System is a scalable, CLIA non waived molecular testing platform designed for automated infectious disease testing. It employs multiplex PCR technology to simultaneously test for a comprehensive grouping of targets across multiple syndromic panels. Period of Performance: One (1) 12 month base year with four (4) 12 month option years. Scope. The Contractor shall provide all materials, hardware, maintenance, database management, backup and recovery, and technical support necessary to perform maintenance and software support for the equipment listed herein at the Alexandria VA Health Care System, 2495 Shreveport Hwy, Pineville, LA 71360, in full accordance with the contract and all attachments. Specific Tasks. This service agreement for the BIOFIRE TORCH System will cover:

4.1 Extended Warranty Coverage BIOFIRE TORCH System a. Standard Limited Warranty Extension BioMérieux s Standard Limited Warranty applicable to Instruments and Software is extended for the coverage period of this Extended Warranty. b. Instrument Repairs The Contractor shall furnish labor, parts, and/or replacement equipment to repair operational or mechanical breakdowns of an Instrument. The contractor shall provide a loaner instrument will be provided during repair, or Replacement equipment will be provided if necessary. c. Software Upgrades The contractor shall provide new versions, releases, or upgrades of the Software to the extent such updates are made generally available to customers using comparable BioMérieux-manufactured instruments during the coverage period. Twenty four hour telephone support shall be made available to the Government through BioMérieux s Customer Support Department, in accordance with the terms, conditions, and limitations of the Extended Warranty. PERFORMANCE The Government will initiate all requests for service through authorized VA Clinical Engineering personnel, the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR), or other authorized VA designees. Requests will be communicated to the Contractor via telephone or email. The Contractor shall not begin any work without prior approval from an authorized VA designee. All work performed under this contract is subject to inspection and acceptance by an authorized VA designee. Work will not be considered complete until formal acceptance is provided. The Government will only make payment for work completed within the performance period. The Contractor shall not invoice for, nor will the Government pay for, work or services that have not been scheduled, performed, or completed. The Contractor shall coordinate all work through an authorized VA designee. Access to VA facilities must be arranged and approved in advance by VA Laboratory personnel and/or VA Clinical Engineering personnel (or designee) prior to the start of any work. DELIVERABLES The Contractor shall furnish all parts, maintenance kits, consumables, expendables, and supplies necessary for scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, per OEM specifications and guidelines. During scheduled service intervals, all parts including new batteries and accessories shall be replaced at no additional cost. SOFTWARE UPDATES

7.1 Software updates and patches necessary to maintain full system functionality shall be provided and installed by the Contractor per current OEM specifications at no additional cost to the Government during the performance period. PARTS All replacement parts furnished by the Contractor shall meet current manufacturer standards and be fully compatible with the equipment currently installed. Upon installation, all replacement parts became the property of the Government. The Contractor shall dispose of any removed or replaced parts only after obtaining approval from the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). SCHEDULED SERVICES The Contractor shall perform all Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) scheduled periodic certifications, electrical safety checks, and software updates for the equipment. All travel necessary to complete scheduled services is considered part of the service contract, and all associated travel costs shall be included in the total price of the service plan. The Contractor s technical service representative shall contact Clinical Engineering and the COR at least two (2) weeks prior to the scheduled maintenance date to coordinate and plan the required work. All services shall be performed during normal business hours unless an alternate schedule is approved in advance by Clinical Engineering and/or the COR. All required services under the service plan shall be delivered continuously throughout the contract performance period. Maintenance and technical support services shall be provided as needed or as requested by the Government. 10. UNSCHEDULED SERVICES The Contractor shall perform all required unscheduled services, including emergency services, as needed by the Government. Unscheduled services may require on site visits during normal Laboratory business hours and shall include all repair, labor, and associated travel necessary to complete the work. All travel expenses required to perform unscheduled services shall be included in the total cost of the service plan. When technical support can be provided remotely, the Contractor shall furnish telephone-based technical support to the Government at no additional cost. All on site service visits shall be scheduled, coordinated, and approved in advance by Clinical Engineering and/or the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR), or other authorized VA designee, prior to the Contractor s arrival. 11.MANDATORY SAFETY CORRECTIONS Safety corrections (such as those required due to manufacturer or FDA recall) on the equipment as required by OEM or FDA regulations are covered within the scope of this requirement (contract). 12. RESPONSE TIME Preventive Maintenance (PM): Service shall occur within the month the PMs are due. Contractor shall adhere to PM due dates and schedule services with Clinical Engineering in advance. Unscheduled Maintenance: Response within 48 hours of first contact with the Contractor 13. MOBILE MEDIA SCANNING The Contractor shall identify if removable media (i.e. USB or DVD/CD Device) is required to perform the tasks/deliverables during the performance period of the contract. The COR (or other authorized representative/designee) will ensure that the removable media (to be used) is scanned with anti-virus software (to include running current virus definitions) prior to connection to any medical device system located in the facility. The computer system for scanning removable media will be designated by the COR. 14.REPORTS/DOCUMENTATION Upon arrival, the technical service representative shall check in with the Clinical Engineering Department prior to performing any warranty-related services, repairs, or maintenance. A legible, signed service report shall be provided after each visit and include: equipment identification (serial number), date/time of service, list of parts replaced, results of inspections/calibrations, and a description of work performed. Reports shall be signed/initialed by Clinical Engineering and/or the COR and emailed within five (5) days of completion to amy.morgan5@va.gov and the Biomedical Equipment Support Specialist coordinating the work. Any changes in delivery requirements or issues encountered during service shall be reported to the COR. services performed on site, upon arrival at the Medical Center, the technical service representative 15.PERSONNEL

15.1 The Contractor shall provide sufficient qualified personnel to maintain the system. Labor for scheduled and unscheduled (emergency) services is included in the contract. All personnel performing services shall be factory trained, qualified, certified, and licensed for the required maintenance.

15.2 The Contractor shall provide written assurance of personnel competency and a list of credentials for approved Field Service Engineers for each system prior to commencement of work. All service representatives shall comply with VA security program directives, obtain appropriate clearances from VA Police, possess proper identification, and access only authorized areas. Key personnel must be manufacturer certified to perform maintenance, upgrades, and any services covered under this contract. PRODUCT SUBSTITUTION No service substitutions will be accepted. ORDERING PROCEDURES Ordering procedures are not required under this contract. INVOICE AND PAYMENT Contractor shall invoice the Alexandria VA Health Care System for the agreed upon annual fee. Invoice shall be properly prepared and sent to the VA Financial Service Center at: P.O. Box 149971, Austin, Texas 78714-8971. The invoice shall be properly prepared in accordance with FAR 52.212-4, contain sufficient details, and at a minimum, include the following details: IFCAP Obligation Number Contract Number Description of the supply/service rendered Billing period/date when the services were rendered and Invoice number and date Payments will be made in accordance with the Prompt Payment Act out of the Government annual appropriated funds obligated in an order which will be issued after the contract is awarded. Note: Invoices that are not in compliance with the aforementioned requirements under this paragraph will be rejected for payments and required to be resubmitted. 19. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The Equipment for which service is to be rendered is located at: Alexandria VA Medical Center 2495 Shreveport Hwy Building 7, 3rd Floor, Room 351 Pineville, Louisiana 71360 EQUIPMENT MANUALS Equipment manuals are not addressed as part of this contract. OPERATOR TRAINING Operator training is not addressed as part of this contract. GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED EQUIPMENT (GFE)/GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED INFORMATION (GFI). No GFE/GFI shall be provided to the contractor. MSDS, HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND WASTE ANALYSIS. MSDS or Hazardous Materials and Waste Analysis is not applicable for this contract. RISK CONTROL. All employees, contractors, and visitors are required to abide by local infection control procedures. To aid in the prevention of the spread of COVID and other communicable diseases, transporters may be required to wear a surgical mask upon entry to the facility and maintain wear of mask until exiting the facility, depending on current policy of the local facility. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE. This contract shall be for 1 base year followed by 4 option years for Equipment service. Base Year: May 15, 2026 May 14, 2027 Option Year 1: May 15, 2027 May 14, 2028 * Option Year 2: May 15, 2028 May 14, 2029 * Option Year 3: May 15, 2029 May 14, 2030 * Option Year 4: May 15, 2030 May 14, 2031 * *Denotes: Exercisable at the discretion of the Government and availability of funds. Cost / Price Schedule. Base Year May 15, 2026 through May 14, 2027 Description Est. Qty Unit Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Base S/N KTB00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02080 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02052 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02048 1 YR Option Year 1 May 15, 2027 through May 14, 2028 Description Est. Qty Unit Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Base S/N KTB00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02080 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02052 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02048 1 YR Option Year 2 May 15, 2028 through May 14, 2029 Description Est. Qty Unit Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Base S/N KTB00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02080 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02052 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02048 1 YR Option Year 3 May 15, 2029 through May 14, 2030 Description Est. Qty Unit Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Base S/N KTB00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02080 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02052 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02048 1 YR Option Year 4 May 15, 2030 through May 14, 2031 Description Est. Qty Unit Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Base S/N KTB00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM00562 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02080 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02052 1 YR Extended Warranty Service Agreement for BIOFIRE TORCH Module S/N KTM02048 1 YR Equipment Delivery Schedule / Installation. Equipment delivery and installation is not applicable to this contract. End of Statement work

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rhonda Gibson
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: rhonda.gibson2@va.gov
  - Phone: 7133502900

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d99376036bb440f09172708a98c4d38c/view)