---
layout: default
title: North Warning System (NWS) Rotary Airlift Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 381c4e0156434a84915b9627ec6d9fe6
---

# North Warning System (NWS) Rotary Airlift Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 09:57:30.578-04
- Solicitation Number: FA489026R0015

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice: FA489026R0015 This posting is for the Presolicitation Notice for the North Warning System (NWS) Rotary Airlift Service The United States Air Force (USAF), ACC Acquisition Management Integration Center (AMIC) hereby publicizes its intention to solicit nonpersonal services for Airlift Services of the NWS Rotary Airlift Service to the NWS sites (Appendix 1) in support of the North Warning System Office (NWSO) and in coordination with the NWS Operations & Maintenance (O&M) contractor in Canada. NWS consists of radar sites located in the Canadian Arctic, via contractor-furnished air transportation services for delivery of bulk Petroleum, Oil, and Lubricants (POL), cargo, supplies, and personnel. This contract will support ACC and Canada in meeting their NORAD radar maintenance requirements. The NWS is directed by the international agreement between the U.S. and Canada, the parameters of this agreement require the Canadian Government to contract for O&M of the NWS, the U.S. is required to supply airlift support to the Canadian Government. Airlift support can be provided by either a Canadian or U.S. Company. The contractor shall perform IAW the standards outlined in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) as posted with the final solicitation and any Amendment to the solicitation as applicable. The contractor shall furnish all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and all other items and services that are required to perform Airlift Services of the NWS Rotary Airlift Service to the NWS sites. Notice to Offerors: Funds are not presently available for this report. No award will be made under this acquisition until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this acquisition either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this acquisition, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. This acquisition is 100% full and open competition. Furthermore, Small Business Consideration, FAR Part 19, does not apply because 100% of the performance will be outside of the United States. The anticipated period of performance will consist of a 30-day transition, 11-month base contract period, and four one-year option periods. A single Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract with Cost Reimbursable (CR) line items will result from the solicitation using best value source selection procedures. The anticipated issue date for the final solicitation is on or about 5 May 2026, with the anticipated date for receipt of proposals on or about 5 June 2026. The anticipated award date is on or about 12 October 2026. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, bid, or proposal, as appropriate, which will be considered by the agency. Additionally, the Government plans to conduct a virtual pre-proposal conference on or about 19 May 2026, via Microsoft Teams. If interested in attending, please notify all the POCs listed below with your company name, listed attendees, and SAM registration CAGE Code. The Government plans to use the Internet and e-mail as the primary means of disseminating and exchanging information. Hard copies of documentation will not be made available. Solicitation, amendments, and other miscellaneous documents will be posted on sam.gov. It is the responsibility of each offeror to continually monitor and review sam.gov for notice of amendments, updates, or changes to current information. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 481211 – Nonscheduled Chartered Passenger Air Transportation. Primary Points of Contacts (POCs) for this requirement are the Contracting Officer, Maj Ryan Tagatac, and Contract Managers, 1st Lt Nathan Goodale and TSgt Nelson Sosa. POCs can be reached by email at ryan_mark.tagatac.3@us.af.mil, nathaniel.goodale.1@us.af.mil, and nelson.sosa@us.af.mil. Contact with government personnel, other than the ACC AMIC Contract Managers and/or Contracting Officer listed above, by a potential offeror or their employees regarding this acquisition is strictly prohibited. All interested parties should review all documents and provide comments/questions concerning this presolicitation to the POCs above. All comments/questions shall be submitted utilizing the Question-Comment Matrix excel spreadsheet attached to this presolicitation. Feedback is welcomed at any time; however, we request any interested party to submit any comments/questions no later than 29 April 2026, 1:00 PM eastern time. AMENDMENT 01: The purpose of this amendment is to attach the revised Sections L and M, along with moving the tentatively planned pre-proposal conference to two weeks after final solicitation is posted (on or about 19 May 2026). All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. AMENDMENT 02: The purpose of this amendment replaces the password-protected version of Appendix 5 (Bulk Fuel Rotary Airlift) in the PWS with an accessible copy. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Tagatac
  - Email: ryan_mark.tagatac.3@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7577649128
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Nathaniel Goodale
  - Email: nathaniel.goodale.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7572252839

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: in support of the North Warning System Office (NWSO) and in coordination with the NWS Operations & Maintenance (O&M) contractor in Canada. NWS consists of radar sites located in the Canadian Arctic, via contractor-furnished air transportation services for delivery of bulk Petroleum, Oil, and Lubricants (POL), cargo, supplies, and personnel. This contract will support ACC and Canada in meeting their NORAD radar maintenance requirements. The NWS is directed by the international agreement between the U.S. and Canada, the parameters of this agreement require the Canadian Government to contract for O&M of the NWS, the U.S. is required to supply airlift support to the Canadian Government. Airlift support can be provided by either a Canadian or U.S. Company. The contractor shall perform IAW the standards outlined in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) as posted with the final solicitation and any Amendment to the solicitation as applicable. The contractor shall furnish all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and all other items and services that are required to perform Airlift Services of the NWS Rotary Airlift Service to the NWS sites. Notice to Offerors: Funds are not presently available for this report. No award will be made under this acquisition until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this acquisition either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this acquisition, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. This acquisition is 100% full and open competition. Furthermore, Small Business Consideration, FAR Part 19, does not apply because 100% of the performance will be outside of the United States. The anticipated period of performance will consist of a 30-day transition, 11-month base contract period, and four one-year option periods. A single Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract with Cost Reimbursable (CR) line items will result from the solicitation using best value source selection procedures. The anticipated issue date for the final solicitation is on or about 5 May 2026, with the anticipated date for receipt of proposals on or about 5 June 2026. The anticipated award date is on or about 12 October 2026. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, bid, or proposal, as appropriate, which will be considered by the agency. Additionally, the Government plans to conduct a virtual pre-proposal conference on or about 19 May 2026, via Microsoft Teams. If interested in attending, please notify all the POCs listed below with your company name, listed attendees, and SAM registration CAGE Code. The Government plans to use the Internet and e-mail as the primary means of disseminating and exchanging information. Hard copies of documentation will not be made available. Solicitation, amendments, and other miscellaneous documents will be posted on sam.gov. It is the responsibility of each offeror to continually monitor and review sam.gov for notice of amendments, updates, or changes to current information. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 481211 – Nonscheduled Chartered Passenger Air Transportation. Primary Points of Contacts (POCs) for this requirement are the Contracting Officer, Maj Ryan Tagatac, and Contract Managers, 1st Lt Nathan Goodale and TSgt Nelson Sosa. POCs can be reached by email at ryan_mark.tagatac.3@us.af.mil, nathaniel.goodale.1@us.af.mil, and nelson.sosa@us.af.mil. Contact with government personnel, other than the ACC AMIC Contract Managers and/or Contracting Officer listed above, by a potential offeror or their employees regarding this acquisition is strictly prohibited. All interested parties should review all documents and provide comments/questions concerning this presolicitation to the POCs above. All comments/questions shall be submitted utilizing the Question-Comment Matrix excel spreadsheet attached to this presolicitation. Feedback is welcomed at any time; however, we request any interested party to submit any comments/questions no later than 29 April 2026, 1:00 PM eastern time. AMENDMENT 01: The purpose of this amendment is to attach the revised Sections L and M, along with moving the tentatively planned pre-proposal conference to two weeks after final solicitation is posted (on or about 19 May 2026). All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. AMENDMENT 02: The purpose of this amendment replaces the password-protected version of Appendix 5 (Bulk Fuel Rotary Airlift) in the PWS with an accessible copy. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/381c4e0156434a84915b9627ec6d9fe6/view)