---
layout: default
title: Cybersecurity Operations Facility
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 9315135ea5e948ecbd8e2a75c47cd8ff
---

# Cybersecurity Operations Facility

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 15:10:26.602-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DR25RA001
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The P002 project is a new construction requirement to deliver for the Navy (Marines) a 3-story Cybersecurity Operations Facility/Administrative facility located at Fort Meade, Maryland. The facility includes secure open office spaces, operational areas, large server area, building utilities and connections, with redundant mechanical and electrical systems, secure telecommunication distribution systems and a loading dock area. Mission support areas include joint staff offices, executive offices, training spaces, collaborative spaces, and meeting rooms.***Amendment 0001 dated 07 April 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to update the fill in provisions and clauses: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference, 52.204-8 Annual Representations and Certifications, 52.211-12 Liquidated Damages-Construction, 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee, 252.236-7001 Contract Drawings and Specifications. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.***Amendment 0002 dated 10 April 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to provide the sign-in sheet from the site visit and to provide a change to the specification All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*** Amendment 0003 dated 09 May 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to provide the following; 1. RFI responses and its attachments, 2. Revised Proposal Submission Documents, 3. Revised Small Business Participation Plan Document, 4. Certificate of Corporate Authority and SF LLL Form, 5. Update to clause 52.36-1, Performance Work by Contractor, 6., Attachment D Supplemental Pricing Information Condensed, 7., Provide an update to CLIN 0006 8., Extend the solicitation close date from 23 May 2025 at 1100 am (EST) to 06 June 2025 at 1100 am (EST). All other terms and condition of this solicitation remain unchanged. ******Amendment 0004 dated 19 May 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to revise the important notes regarding this acquisition section of the solicitation to incorporate the following language Erosion and Sediment Control and Stormwater Management Permits Are Not Readily Available for This Project. Permits are expected to be received sometime in August 2025. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.***** Amendment 0005 dated 03 June 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to extend the proposal due date to 20 June 2025 and provide additional responses to request for information. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0006 dated 17 June 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to extend the proposal due date to 08 July 2025 at 1100 am. All other terms and conditions remain the same.*****Amendment 0007 dated 01 July 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to incorporate the following language: The FAR requires the use of Project Labor Agreements (PLAs) in construction projects valued over $35 million. However, the Contracting Officer is currently seeking an exception to the requirement to use a PLA for this project. No exception to the PLA requirement has been granted at this time. A decision regarding the PLA exception is not expected for at least 60 days. The contracting officer will notify offerors of the outcome of the request for exception once known. As a result of this amendment the proposal due date has been extended from 08 July 2025, 1100, am (EDT) to 09 September 2025 at 1100 am (EDT). All other terms and conditions of this amendment remains unchanged.*****Amendment 0008 dated 06 August 2025; A project labor agreement waiver is not applicable to this project. Therefore, Project Labor Agreements are required in accordance with FAR

22.5 Use of Project Labor Agreements for Federal Construction Projects. Offerors shall submit an offer subject to Project Labor Agreement (PLA) requirements in accordance with FAR 22.504, general requirements for project labor agreements. Any PLA reached pursuant to the PLA requirements in the solicitation does not change the terms of the contract or provide for any price adjustment by the Government. The purpose of this amendment is: 1. Incorporate the applicable project labor agreement provisions and clauses; 52.222-33, Notice of Requirement for Project Labor Agreement, 52.222-34, Project Labor Agreement, 2. Include project labor agreement requirements for this solicitation in the Proposal Submission section, Basis for Award section and Important Notes Regarding This Acquisition section of this solicitation, 3. Provide updated language to CLINs 0003, 0004 and 0006, 4. Provide an updated wage determination MD20250082 dated 06/27/2025. No further RFIs will be accepted. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0009 dated 11 August 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to replace sheet CS 101 in its entirety. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0010 dated 18 August 2025, The purpose of this amendment is to notify all offerors that the overall contract is firm fixed-priced. As such all CLINS are included in the firm fixed-price and therefore all allowances for CLINs 0003 and 0004 are included in the firm fixed-price. If during construction American Water or BG and E indicate and can justify their level of effort shall exceed the allowance, the contractor shall follow the USACE REA or modification process as appropriate. Please see notes section of the price schedule for further clarification. A pdf version of the price schedule has also been uploaded to the solicitation. All other terms and conditions for this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0011 dated 04 September 2025, The purpose of this amendment is to extend the proposal due date while we determine the proper course of action due to the filing of a COF-C protest. As a result of this amendment, the proposal due date changed from 09 September 2025 at 1100 am (EDT) to 14 October 2025 at 1100 am (EDT). All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0012 dated 08 September 2025, The purpose of this amendment is to update the Important Notes Regarding this Acquisition section of the solicitation to re-open the request for information (RFIs) in projnet. All RFIs must be submitted in projnet no later than 15 September 2025 at noon (EDT). Any RFIs received after the due date will not be accepted. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0013 dated 06 October 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to provide the request for information (RFI) responses, Amendment 0013 Summary of Changes and to extend the proposal due date from 14 October 2025 at 1100 am (EDT) to 06 January 2026 at 1100 am (EST). All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0014 dated 19 December 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to change the proposal due date from 06 January 2026 at 1100 am (EST) to 24 February 2026 at 1100 am (EST). All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0015 dated 30 January 2026, The purpose of this amendment is to provide further clarifications to the Request for Information Responses via document attachments: Amendment 0015 Summary of Drawings Changes, Amendment 0015 Clarifications, AE305 Wall Sections - Exterior Walls, AE306 Wall Sections - Exterior Walls, AE307 Wall Sections - Exterior Walls, AE609 Door Details, AE805 Secure Window Type Schedule, AE806 - Secure Window Details, SF302 - Section and Details and SF306 Section and Details. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0016, dated 30 January 2026, The purpose of this amendment is to, remove the Project Labor Agreement Requirements from this solicitation, remove clause 52.222-33, Notice Requirement for Project Labor Agreement from the solicitation, re-open the Request for Information in Projnet. All RFls must be submitted no later than 06 February 2026 at 1100 am (EST) and to change the proposal due date from 24 February 2026 at 1100 am (EST) to 13 March 2026 at 1100 am (EST). All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0017, dated 19 February 2026. The purpose of this amendment is to provide the Request for Information responses, Amendment 0017 Summary of Changes, RFI supporting documents, Wage Determination MD20260082 dated 02 January 2026 and a copy of the price schedule. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0018 dated 03 March 2026, the purpose of this amendment is to provide Amendment 0018 Summary of Changes, Remove existing sheets M502 and M503 and replace them with sheets M-502 Mechanical Details and M-503 Mechanical Details . All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0019, dated 12 March 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to provide clarifications to spec 13 27 33.10. Please note, the proposals are due on 13 March 2026 at 1100 Eastern Daylight Time (EDT). All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.*****

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Aisha Boykin
  - Email: aisha.r.boykin@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tamara Bonomolo
  - Email: tamara.c.bonomolo@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Supplemental Pricing Information Condensed, 7., Provide an update to CLIN 0006 8., Extend the solicitation close date from 23 May 2025 at 1100 am (EST) to 06 June 2025 at 1100 am (EST). All other terms and condition of this solicitation remain unchanged. ******Amendment 0004 dated 19 May 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to revise the important notes regarding this acquisition section of the solicitation to incorporate the following language Erosion and Sediment Control and Stormwater Management Permits Are Not Readily Available for This Project. Permits are expected to be received sometime in August 2025. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain unchanged.***** Amendment 0005 dated 03 June 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to extend the proposal due date to 20 June 2025 and provide additional responses to request for information. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged.*****Amendment 0006 dated 17 June 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to extend the proposal due date to 08 July 2025 at 1100 am. All other terms and conditions remain the same.*****Amendment 0007 dated 01 July 2025, the purpose of this amendment is to incorporate the following language: The FAR requires the use of Project Labor Agreements (PLAs) in construction projects valued over $35 million. However, the Contracting Officer is currently seeking an exception to the requirement to use a PLA for this project. No exception to the PLA requirement has been granted at this time. A decision regarding the PLA exception is not expected for at least 60 days. The contracting officer will notify offerors of the outcome of the request for exception once known. As a result of this amendment the proposal due date has been extended from 08 July 2025, 1100, am (EDT) to 09 September 2025 at 1100 am (EDT). All other terms and conditions of this amendment remains unchanged.*****Amendment 0008 dated 06 August 2025; A project labor agreement waiver is not applicable to this project. Therefore, Project Labor Agreements are required in accordance with FAR

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9315135ea5e948ecbd8e2a75c47cd8ff/view)