---
layout: default
title: Janitorial Services at San Luis Obispo
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 328e61898f5e42c5a52c27a73c9a5afc
---

# Janitorial Services at San Luis Obispo

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 17:34:39.647-04
- Solicitation Number: W912LA26QA095

## Summary

Starbase San Luis Obispo Custodial Service W912LA26QA095 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in RFO Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.2, “Solicitation, Evaluation, and Award”, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Discussions are not expected, the award will be made without discussions General Information: Solicitation Number: W912LA26QA095is issued as a Request For Quotation (RFQ) Posted Date: March 10,2026 Questions Due NLT: March 11,2026; 10:00 A.M. (PST) Quote Due: March 13,2026; 10:00 A.M.(PST) Product or Service Code: S201 NAICS Code: 561720 Set Aside: 100% Small Business Concern Contracting Office: United States Property & Fiscal Office – California (USPFO – CA) Purchasing & Contracting Location of Custodial Service: 706 & 703 Ventura Ave, Camp San Luis Obispo, CA 93405 Description: This is a non-personal services contract to provide Custodial Services. The Contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary to perform the services as defined in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) except for items specified as Government furnished property. Please see the PWS and technical exhibits for specific details. This solicitation is a Request For Quotations (RFQ). This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 561720, with a size standard of $22,000,000.00. All responsible sources may submit a response which, if timely received, must be received by the agency before the closing date specified above. The California National Guard STARBASE San Luis Obispo is seeking to procure routine custodial services. Attachment 4 provides the Performance Work Statement with specifications of this requirement. The provision at RFO FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Dev), applies to this acquisition, addendum to this provision is attached to this combined synopsis solicitation as Attachment 2. The provision at RFO FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items Products and Commercial Services (Dev), applies to this acquisition, the addendum to this provision is attached to this combined synopsis solicitation as Attachment 2. Add a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items, with the offer if you are receiving errors within SAM.gov. This provision is attached to this combined synopsis solicitation as Attachment 3. RFO FAR Clause at 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (Incorporated by Reference). This provision is attached to this combined synopsis solicitation as Attachment 3. Any additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions (such as contract financing arrangements or warranty requirements) determined by the contracting officer to be necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. The offers are due to this office no later than March 13, 2026, at 10:00 AM Pacific Standard Time, Point of Contact for this solicitation is Mr. Thomas Lamont at Thomas.r.lamont3.civ@army.mil. Additional instructions are in Addendum to Instructions and Evaluation Criteria in Attachment 2. Responsibility for Administration of Contract: The Contracting Officer is responsible for the administration of this contract. The Contracting Officer alone is authorized to the extent indicated in the contract to act on behalf of the government which results in changes in the terms of the contract, including deviations from specifications, details and delivery schedules. Communications pertaining to contractual administrative matters will be addressed to the Contracting Officer. No changes in/or deviation from the scope of work shall be affected without a written modification to the contract executed by the Contracting Officer. No oral statement of any person will in any manner or degree shall modify or otherwise affect the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer is the only person authorized to approve changes in any of the requirements under this contract, and notwithstanding any provisions contained elsewhere in this contract, the said authority remains solely with the Contracting Officer. All matters pertaining to Government administration of this contract should be directed at: Thomas Lamont Contracting Officer thomas.r.lamont3.civ@army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: THOMAS R LAMONT
  - Email: thomas.r.lamont3.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: provides the Performance Work Statement with specifications of this requirement. The provision at RFO FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Dev), applies to this acquisition, addendum to this provision is attached to this combined synopsis solicitation as Attachment 2. The provision at RFO FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items Products and Commercial Services (Dev), applies to this acquisition, the addendum to this provision is attached to this combined synopsis solicitation as Attachment 2. Add a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items, with the offer if you are receiving errors within SAM.gov. This provision is attached to this combined synopsis solicitation as Attachment 3. RFO FAR Clause at 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (Incorporated by Reference). This provision is attached to this combined synopsis solicitation as Attachment 3. Any additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions (such as contract financing arrangements or warranty requirements) determined by the contracting officer to be necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. The offers are due to this office no later than March 13, 2026, at 10:00 AM Pacific Standard Time, Point of Contact for this solicitation is Mr. Thomas Lamont at Thomas.r.lamont3.civ@army.mil. Additional instructions are in Addendum to Instructions and Evaluation Criteria in Attachment 2. Responsibility for Administration of Contract: The Contracting Officer is responsible for the administration of this contract. The Contracting Officer alone is authorized to the extent indicated in the contract to act on behalf of the government which results in changes in the terms of the contract, including deviations from specifications, details and delivery schedules. Communications pertaining to contractual administrative matters will be addressed to the Contracting Officer. No changes in/or deviation from the scope of work shall be affected without a written modification to the contract executed by the Contracting Officer. No oral statement of any person will in any manner or degree shall modify or otherwise affect the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer is the only person authorized to approve changes in any of the requirements under this contract, and notwithstanding any provisions contained elsewhere in this contract, the said authority remains solely with the Contracting Officer. All matters pertaining to Government administration of this contract should be directed at: Thomas Lamont Contracting Officer thomas.r.lamont3.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/328e61898f5e42c5a52c27a73c9a5afc/view)