---
layout: default
title: Dual Band Decoy (DBD) Full Rate Production 1
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 488b128641fb4e7f9ca39309ec1d3789
---

# Dual Band Decoy (DBD) Full Rate Production 1

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 07:02:49.564-04
- Solicitation Number: N00019-26-RFPREQ-TPM272-0162

## Summary

DISCLAIMER: THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. INTRODUCTION: The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) at Patuxent River, MD announces its requirement to procure Dual Band Decoys (DBD) for the F/A-18E/F. The proposed contracting action will procure an estimated quantity of approximately 120 DBDs per year as well as associated support equipment repairs. The resulting contract will cover Fiscal Year (FY) 2027 through FY29 for the U.S. Navy and Other Customer requirements. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. It is a market research tool being used to determine potential and eligible businesses capable of providing the supplies and services described herein prior to determining the method of acquisition and issuance of a Request for Proposal. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this notice. ELIGIBILITY: The Product/Service Code (PSC) most appropriate for this contract is 5865: Electronic Countermeasures, Counter-Countermeasures and Quick Reaction Capability Equipment. All interested businesses are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. At a minimum, a DD Form 254 Contract Security Classification Specification shall apply to this requirement and the prime contractor shall have or demonstrate ability to obtain a “Secret” Facility Clearance. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: This contract is planned to contain a base year with up to two option years and is intended to satisfy requirements for FY27 through FY29. The anticipated award date is June 2027. The Government anticipates DBD end item deliveries will commence as early as ten months, but no later than eighteen months after contract award, and no later than eighteen months after each respective option exercise. All quantities must be manufactured and delivered within 12 months of the first delivery in each period. Initial production is anticipated to be an estimated 20 decoys per month. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE: The contract type for this contract is anticipated to be a mix of Fixed Price for production line items and Cost Reimbursable for support equipment repair line items. PROGRAM BACKGROUND: DBDs have provided an expanded capability relative to the currently fielded ALE-50 advanced airborne electronic decoy and the ALE-55 fiber optic towed decoy to DoD airborne platforms. The DBD offers both detection and threat defeat aspects of defensive electronic attack. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES: The Contractor must possess the manufacturing technology, infrastructure, and capacity to produce the Dual Band Decoy as required by the documents listed below and conduct verification and inspection testing, as required, for the estimated quantities and within the required timelines detailed above. DBD Requirements Documents: PERFORMANCE SPECIFICATION FOR DUAL BAND DECOY, AN/ALE-XXX, SEPT 05, 2023 Electrical Interface Control Drawing for the Dual Band Decoy for the Dual Band Decoy (DBD), Doc num #8623244,Rev B, 27 March 2025 ICD, DBD Round 8623005 ICD, Internal Decoy, 8623102 If existing technical data is necessary to complete these required capabilities, interested businesses shall demonstrate that your company currently possesses or has authorized access to the necessary technical data, or has a viable plan to obtain, generate, or otherwise secure the necessary technical data, and that it will be maintained throughout the duration of the effort being solicited. Interested businesses shall demonstrate the capability to meet the Government’s required timeline. Interested businesses may also submit information that demonstrates how you could potentially meet this requirement for future production opportunities, using capital investment, to include a summary of your current capabilities, technical and manufacturing maturities, and your anticipated timeline, risks, and opportunities to achieve the capability requirements in this notice. SUBMISSION DETAILS: Interested businesses shall submit a brief capabilities statement package (no more than twelve (12) 8.5 x 11 inch pages, font no smaller than 12 point, 1.5 line spaced) demonstrating their ability to deliver the supplies and services described herein without delay upon, contract award, and include, at a minimum: Capability Assessment: Address your company’s ability to deliver the required capabilities within the timelines identified above. Provide supporting evidence for meeting timeline and capability requirements listed above. Data Rights: Identify any data rights restrictions associated with the proposed solution. Cost and Risk Assessment: Identify potential cost and schedule risks and outline specific impacts and mitigation. Discuss ROM costs, e.g. per unit cost, quantity cost breaks, and the degree of risk associated with each element. Business Systems Status: Identify all DCMA-approved business systems and date of latest approval (e.g. Accounting, Property Management, Purchasing, Estimating, etc.). In addition to these requirements, interested businesses shall adhere to the following submission instructions: 1. Document Type: Microsoft Word 2. Delivery: The capability statement package shall be sent by electronic mail (email) to Elizabeth Lamb; NAVAIR Contracts at elizabeth.v.lamb2.civ@us.navy.mil. 3. Response Date: Submissions must be received via email no later than 03:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on 1 May 2026. 4. No classified information shall be submitted in response to this Sources Sought. 5. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed to Elizabeth Lamb at the above email address. No phone calls will be accepted. 6. All responses shall include Sources Sought Notice name/number, Company Name, Company Address, Company Business Size, Cage Code, and Points-of-Contact (POC) including name, phone number, and email address. 7. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. Any information or materials provided in response to this Sources Sought Notice will not be returned. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this Sources Sought Notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elizabeth Lamb
  - Email: elizabeth.v.lamb2.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/488b128641fb4e7f9ca39309ec1d3789/view)