---
layout: default
title: Mission and Installation Contracting Command Advance Planning Briefing for Industry 18-22 May 2026 (VIRTUAL)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: dfb137eb446647bd884f234909b7b570
---

# Mission and Installation Contracting Command Advance Planning Briefing for Industry 18-22 May 2026 (VIRTUAL)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-10 11:21:45.364-04
- Solicitation Number: MICC-APBI-FY26

## Summary

UPDATE #5 - 10 APR 2026: The FY26 MICC APBI schedule flyer is now available as an attachment to this notice. Please continue to monitor this posting for additional updates. UPDATE #4 - 18 MAR 2026: The APBI FY26 Active Contracts with anticipated solicitation dates listing (i.e. Requirements Listing) is provided via an attachment to this posting. Interested parties may sort based on NAICS code and/or location. Please continue to monitor this posting for any updates. UPDATE #3 - 13 MAR 2026: Due to the overwhelming response, our one-on-one sessions are currently closed. However, our Small Business Professionals are standing by to assist you. Please visit https://www.army.mil/micc#org-small-business and scroll to the "Contact a MICC Small Business Professional" section to find the contact information for the specialist nearest you. UPDATE #2 - 10 MAR 2026: Due to overwhelming demand, the one-on-one session registration has been closed. Fulfillment of the submitted requests is diligently being worked. If requests were submitted prior to registration being closed, they have been received and emails will be sent. All requests will be filled on a first come, first serve basis. UPDATE #1 - 25 FEB 2026: Due to a conflicting event, Michigan Defense Expo (MDEX) being scheduled during the FY26 MICC APBI, the dates of the FY 26 MICC APBI have been to changed to 18 - 22 May 2026. Attendees who have already registered do NOT need to re-register for the event or one-on-one sessions. The original submission for one-on-one requests will still be honored in the order they were received. The Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC) is hosting its sixth Annual command-wide virtual Advance Planning Briefing for Industry (APBI). This event will focus on educating Industry on the MICC and its Mission Partners and will provide a comprehensive overview of projected MICC requirements. You spoke, and we listened! Based on the overwhelming response from our FY25 APBI survey indicating a desire for one-on-one meetings, we have delivered by redesigning this year's APBI into a multi-day event with two distinct components: Virtual Live Event: Join us on Monday, May 18, 2026, for a live broadcast on Microsoft Teams. In addition to our planned briefings, there will be a live Q&A session during the event, and all questions and answers will be posted to SAM.gov. Virtual One-on-One Sessions: As requested, we are offering virtual one-on-one meetings with our acquisition staff. These sessions will take place from the afternoon of Monday, May 18, through the afternoon of Friday, May 22, 2026. Registration is required for both events. Please use the links below to secure your spot at the live event (Registration is closed for the one-on-one sessions. Please see Update #2 above). Please be advised that submitting a request does not guarantee a session invite. All requested one-on-ones are subject to Government review and availability. Furthermore, confirmed sessions may be canceled at any time due to shifting mission requirements or personnel availability, and will be granted on a first-come, first-served basis. This multi-day virtual event will be broadcasted on the Microsoft Teams platform. There will be an opportunity for questions and answers, which will be posted to SAM.gov after the event. REQUIREMENTS LISTING: The requirements listing titled, "APBI FY26 Active Contracts with Anticipated Follow-on Solicitations_18MAR2026" is posted. Please see the Attachments/Links section of this posting. DATE AND TIME: When: 18 May 2026 through 22 May 2026, 0830 to 1500 CDT. Where: Virtually over the internet using the Microsoft Teams platform. REGISTRATION: You may register to attend the event by clicking on the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/PgBfCcfdEv You may request to attend one-on-one sessions (first come first serve basis): REGISTRATION IS CLOSED. See update #2 above. WHO SHOULD ATTEND: Large and Small businesses interested in doing business with the MICC. ABOUT MICC: To learn more about the MICC, please go to: www.army.mil/micc. For more information on the MICC Office of Small Business Programs or to reach a MICC Small Business Professional (SBP), please go to: https://www.army.mil/micc#org-small-business Questions about the event should be directed to Team MICC at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.list.hq-sbs-apbi@army.mil. Please monitor this announcement for updates on the event.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: APBI POC
  - Email: usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.list.hq-sbs-apbi@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this notice. Please continue to monitor this posting for additional updates. UPDATE #4 - 18 MAR 2026: The APBI FY26 Active Contracts with anticipated solicitation dates listing (i.e. Requirements Listing) is provided via an attachment to this posting. Interested parties may sort based on NAICS code and/or location. Please continue to monitor this posting for any updates. UPDATE #3 - 13 MAR 2026: Due to the overwhelming response, our one-on-one sessions are currently closed. However, our Small Business Professionals are standing by to assist you. Please visit https://www.army.mil/micc#org-small-business and scroll to the "Contact a MICC Small Business Professional" section to find the contact information for the specialist nearest you. UPDATE #2 - 10 MAR 2026: Due to overwhelming demand, the one-on-one session registration has been closed. Fulfillment of the submitted requests is diligently being worked. If requests were submitted prior to registration being closed, they have been received and emails will be sent. All requests will be filled on a first come, first serve basis. UPDATE #1 - 25 FEB 2026: Due to a conflicting event, Michigan Defense Expo (MDEX) being scheduled during the FY26 MICC APBI, the dates of the FY 26 MICC APBI have been to changed to 18 - 22 May 2026. Attendees who have already registered do NOT need to re-register for the event or one-on-one sessions. The original submission for one-on-one requests will still be honored in the order they were received. The Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC) is hosting its sixth Annual command-wide virtual Advance Planning Briefing for Industry (APBI). This event will focus on educating Industry on the MICC and its Mission Partners and will provide a comprehensive overview of projected MICC requirements. You spoke, and we listened! Based on the overwhelming response from our FY25 APBI survey indicating a desire for one-on-one meetings, we have delivered by redesigning this year"s APBI into a multi-day event with two distinct components: Virtual Live Event: Join us on Monday, May 18, 2026, for a live broadcast on Microsoft Teams. In addition to our planned briefings, there will be a live Q&A session during the event, and all questions and answers will be posted to SAM.gov. Virtual One-on-One Sessions: As requested, we are offering virtual one-on-one meetings with our acquisition staff. These sessions will take place from the afternoon of Monday, May 18, through the afternoon of Friday, May 22, 2026. Registration is required for both events. Please use the links below to secure your spot at the live event (Registration is closed for the one-on-one sessions. Please see Update #2 above). Please be advised that submitting a request does not guarantee a session invite. All requested one-on-ones are subject to Government review and availability. Furthermore, confirmed sessions may be canceled at any time due to shifting mission requirements or personnel availability, and will be granted on a first-come, first-served basis. This multi-day virtual event will be broadcasted on the Microsoft Teams platform. There will be an opportunity for questions and answers, which will be posted to SAM.gov after the event. REQUIREMENTS LISTING: The requirements listing titled, "APBI FY26 Active Contracts with Anticipated Follow-on Solicitations_18MAR2026" is posted. Please see the Attachments/Links section of this posting. DATE AND TIME: When: 18 May 2026 through 22 May 2026, 0830 to 1500 CDT. Where: Virtually over the internet using the Microsoft Teams platform. REGISTRATION: You may register to attend the event by clicking on the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/PgBfCcfdEv You may request to attend one-on-one sessions (first come first serve basis): REGISTRATION IS CLOSED. See update #2 above. WHO SHOULD ATTEND: Large and Small businesses interested in doing business with the MICC. ABOUT MICC: To learn more about the MICC, please go to: www.army.mil/micc. For more information on the MICC Office of Small Business Programs or to reach a MICC Small Business Professional (SBP), please go to: https://www.army.mil/micc#org-small-business Questions about the event should be directed to Team MICC at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.list.hq-sbs-apbi@army.mil. Please monitor this announcement for updates on the event

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dfb137eb446647bd884f234909b7b570/view)