---
layout: default
title: Design-Build Maintenance and Repair of the General Stillwell Memorial Army Reserve Center (ARC) Training Building, Bldg. 1520
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 7d58254dfb04483faf44070ce4a63996
---

# Design-Build Maintenance and Repair of the General Stillwell Memorial Army Reserve Center (ARC) Training Building, Bldg. 1520

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 13:44:30.513-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR26RA047

## Summary

DESCRIPTION: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Louisville District intends to issue a Request for Proposal (RFP), Solicitation No. W912QR26RA047, Design / Build Maintenance and Repair Army Reserves (MRAR) design and repair of the General Stilwell Memorial U.S. Army Reserve Center (ARC) Training Building 1520, located in Fort Sam Houston (Joint Base San Antonio), Texas. This project will eliminate identified deficiencies; extend the economic life of the facility by 25 years. Building components and systems to be repaired include the roofing, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC); electrical distribution; water distribution and fire alarm and suppression systems, ceilings, windows, doors, floor coverings, interior reconfiguration, and interior and exterior finishes. The Contract Duration is estimated at 802 calendar days from Contract Notice to Proceed (NTP). TYPE OF CONTRACT AND NAICS: This RFP will be for one (1) Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract. The North American Industrial Classification System Code (NAICS) for this effort is 236220 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. This award is Subject to the Availability of Funds (SAF). TYPE OF SET-ASIDE: This acquisition will be a Full and Open procurement. A small business sub-contracting plan will be required prior to award. SELECTION PROCESS: This is a two-phase Design/Build procurement. The proposals will be evaluated using a Best Value Tradeoff source selection process. The technical information contained in each Offeror's proposal will be reviewed, evaluated, and rated by the Government. Potential offerors are invited to submit their past performance, technical, and capability information as will be described in Section 00 22 16 and Section 00 22 18 of the Solicitation, for review and consideration by the Government. As will be described in Section 00 22 16 of the Solicitation, the selection process for Phase I will evaluate such factors as Past Performance (for both the Prime Contractor and A/E Designer of Record) and Technical Approach for Design/Build. Pro Forma Information such as bonding and financial capability will also be required to meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Following completion of the evaluation of Phase I, a target of five (5) of the most highly qualified offerors will be invited to participate in Phase II. The selected offerors for Phase II will be requested to submit additional information as will be described in Section 00 22 18 of the Solicitation, for review and evaluation by the Government. The selection process for Phase II will evaluate such factors as: Design Narrative, Management Plan, Schedule Narrative, and Price. The Standard Form (SF) 1442 will also be required. (NOTE: The evaluation factors for Phase II are subject to change with the Phase II amendment.) DISCUSSIONS: The Government intends to award without discussions but reserves the right to conduct discussions should it be deemed in the Government's best interest. ANTICIPATED SOLICITATION RELEASE DATE: The Government anticipates releasing the solicitation on or about 28 April 2026. Details regarding the Optional Site Visit will be included in the Phase II solicitation amendment, with the actual date and time identified. Additional details can be found in the solicitation when it is posted to https://sam.gov. SOLICITATION WEBSITES: The official solicitation, when posted, will be available free of charge by electronic posting only and may be found at federal Contract Opportunities website, https://sam.gov and the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module website, https://piee.eb.mil/. Paper copies of the solicitation will not be issued. Telephone and Fax requests for this solicitation will not be honored. Project files are Portable Document Format (PDF) files and can be viewed, navigated, or printed using Adobe Acrobat Reader. To download the solicitation for this project, contractors are required to register at the System for Award Management at https://sam.gov. Amendments, if/when issued, will be posted to the above referenced websites for electronic downloading. This will be the only method of distributing amendments prior to closing; therefore, it is the Offerors’ responsibility to check the websites periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. REGISTRATIONS: Offerors shall have and shall maintain an active registration in the following database: System for Award Management (SAM): Offerors shall have and shall maintain an active registration in the SAM database at http://www.sam.gov to be eligible for a Government contract award. If the Offeror is a Joint Venture (JV), the JV entity shall have valid SAM registration in the SAM database representing the JV as one business/firm/entity. If at the time of award an Offeror is not actively and successfully registered in the SAM database, the Government reserves the right to award to the next prospective Offeror. POINT-OF-CONTACT: The point-of-contact for this procurement is Alex Hamilton, Alex.J.Hamilton@usace.army.mil. This announcement serves as the Advance Notice for this project. Responses to this synopsis is not required. PARTNERING WITH US: https://www.usace.army.mil/Business-With-Us/Partnering/ Information regarding the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers process for settling requests for equitable adjustments and duration goals to achieve definitization of equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts can be found by going to https://www.usace.army.mil/Business-With-Us/Partnering/ and then clicking on: "View FFP Contract Changes Playbook Here."

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alex Hamilton
  - Email: alex.j.hamilton@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7d58254dfb04483faf44070ce4a63996/view)