---
layout: default
title: HAZARDOUS MATERIAL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 10754e431c044d39a02ba4bf17a9466f
---

# HAZARDOUS MATERIAL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 07:08:58.183-04
- Solicitation Number: N6660426Q0257

## Summary

Combined Synopsis and Solicitation This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 –Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation will be posted for less than fifteen (15) days in accordance with FAR 5.203(a)(2). Request for Quote (RFQ) number is N6660426Q0257. The Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) intends to award a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) purchase order to Wells Professional Consulting Services on a Sole Source basis in accordance with FAR 13-106-1(b) for Isonate, Versalink and DTRC to include shipping FOB Destination to Portland, ME 04103 no later than 01 April 2026. The notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. Information received will normally be considered for the purposes of determining whether to conduct a competitive requirement in the future. Required delivery is a period of performance 01 April 2026 (No Exceptions). This procurement is set aside 100% SB as concurred with by the Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) Office of Small Business Programs (OSBP) and Small Business Administration Procurement Center Representative (SBA PCR). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 325998. The Small Business Size Standard is 650 Employees. Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the most current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC). The following clauses and provisions apply to this solicitation: - FAR 52.209-11, Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (FEB 2016) - FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Products and Commercial Services - FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items; - - FAR 52.212-3 ALT 1 – Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items Alternate 1 - FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items; - FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items; The following DFARS clauses apply to this solicitation: 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls 252.204- 7009, Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting 252.204-7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support 252.204-7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services apply to this solicitation. Full text of incorporated FAR/DFARS clauses and provisions are may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov/far/ and https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfarspgi/current/index.html. The use in this solicitation of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) clause with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of “(Deviation)” after the date of the clause. Payment will be via Procurement Integrity Enterprise Environment (PIEE) (formerly known as Wide Area Workflow (WAWF)). This solicitation requires an active registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award, pursuant to applicable regulations and guidelines. Registration information can be found at www.sam.gov. For information on this acquisition contact Jennifer Vatousiou at jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil. Describe the impact to mission or risk to platform/loss of life if the award is not made for (X=TO BE PROVIDED BY 02) hours/days/weeks: Material is required to support installation of Large Vertical Array (LVA) onto SSN 784 and SSN 787 at Portsmouth Naval Shipyard (PNSY). Availabilities for both platforms are behind schedule due to LVA. Delays are being tracked by ADM Houston and VADM Gaucher. Any delay in delivery of material will result in a day-for-day slip to the platform availability. Each day of slippage costs the Navy approximately $1M in addition to having degraded mission capability of the SUB Fleet. Describe why the company(ies) identified in Section V below is/are the only one(s) that can meet the requirement without the negative impact outlined in IV(1)(a): Material is required to be kept between 75 – 90°F and relative humidity below 60% or else the material has to be scrapped. This requires shipment in an environmentally controlled truck which is not a common capability. Wells PCS is the only known company that handles these chemicals on a regular basis in a way that meets Government requirements, and can meet the required delivery date. The Government estimates that it would take a minimum of 3 business days to identify and validate another company that can meet the handling requirements. While there may be other vendors with this capability as detailed in 1a above this would result in a day for day slip the cost of which would offset any potential savings from competition and result in continued degraded SUB Fleet mission capability. Based on the above, it is not reasonable to conclude the potential savings from competition can offset the significant duplicative cost and schedule and mission impact associated with purchasing a new brand name product. Therefore, it is in the best interest of the Government to solicit and award this requirement on a brand name only basis.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Vatousiou
  - Email: jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 4018325265

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/10754e431c044d39a02ba4bf17a9466f/view)