---
layout: default
title: Snow and Ice Removal Services Requirement Supporting the Alleghany County Memorial U.S. Army Reserve Center in Cumberland, MD
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: e5eceaa54776453893055790824ed28d
---

# Snow and Ice Removal Services Requirement Supporting the Alleghany County Memorial U.S. Army Reserve Center in Cumberland, MD

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 14:51:11.188-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN26QA033

## Summary

SUBJECT: Snow and Ice Removal Services - CUMBERLAND, MD 21502 NOTICE: THIS REQUIREMENT IS SUBJECT TO THE AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH FAR 52.232-18 1. General Information NAICS Code: 561790 - Other Services to Building and Dwellings Product Service Code (PSC): S218, Snow Removal/ Salt Services Set-Aside: This is a 100% Total Small Business Set-Aside competitive action Contract Type: Firm-Fixed-Price 2. The Army Contracting Command - New Jersey (ACC-NJ) on behalf of the 99th Readiness Division DPW has a requirement to procure new Snow and Ice Removal Services. The scope of this requirement is to provide a clean workplace free of snow and ice by providing all personnel, supplies, supervision, tools, materials, equipment, transportation, fuel, and other items and nonpersonal services necessary to provide Snow Removal Services in accordance with the Performance Work Statement (PWS) at the Alleghany County Memorial USARC, 14418 MCMULLEN HWY, CUMBERLAND, MD 21502. 3. Period and Place of Performance Period of Performance (PoP): The contract will include one (1) 12-month base year and four (4) 12-month option years. Base Year: September 1, 2026 - August 31, 2027 Option Year 1: September 1, 2027 - August 31, 2028 Option Year 2: September 1, 2028 - August 31, 2029 Option Year 3: September 1, 2029 - August 31, 2030 Option Year 4: September 1, 2030 - August 31, 2031 Place of Performance: Alleghany County Memorial USARC 14418 MCMULLEN HWY CUMBERLAND, MD 21502 RFOS/COR Point of Contact Randy Baker CIV, Operations Division 99th Readiness Division, DPW Phone: 910-598-7571 Mobile: 814-241-3029 Email: randy.a.baker.civ@army.mil 4. This requirement is being solicited utilizing the procedures set forth in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. The Government intends to award a single, firm-fixed-price (FFP) contract. The period of performance for this effort shall consist of a 12-month base period and four (4) 12-month option periods from the date of contract award. 5. The Offeror must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible to receive a Department of Defense contract award, in accordance with FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management, and DFARS 252.204-7004, Antiterrorism Awareness Training for Contractors (if applicable based on base access requirements). If you need to register in SAM, go to https://www.sam.gov. 6. See FAR Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and the associated Addendum for additional information and submission instructions. 7. See FAR Provision 52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and the associated Addendum for evaluation criteria. Award will be made to the lowest-priced, responsible small business offeror found to be fair and reasonable. 8. See FAR Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and the associated Addendum for additional information regarding contract terms and conditions. 9. A site visit is not mandatory but is highly recommended in accordance with FAR 52.237-1, Site Visit. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. Offerors are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. Offerors requesting a site visit shall provide a list of attendees to include the company name, visitors' names, driver's license numbers and state of issue, and vehicle information (make/model /license plate number). Visitors must have a valid driver's license or state-issued ID and proof of auto insurance for entry. All requests to attend the site visit shall be submitted via e-mail to the following: The POC will be my AFOS: Mr. Shane Fabian shane.e.fabian.ctr@army.mil (724) 689-7893 Site Visit dates: 5 May 2026 at 10:00AM EST 7 May 2026 at 10:00AM EST Site Visit Location: Alleghany County Memorial USARC, 14418 MCMULLEN HWY, CUMBERLAND, MD 21502 If you cannot reach the POC for a site visit please contact both Nelia Shyshak, Contract Specialist at nelia.shyshak.civ@army.mil, Edward Sherwood, Contracting Officer at edward.l.sherwood4. civ@army.mil. All notifications to attend a visit shall be submitted via e-mail at least 24 hours prior to the scheduled Site visit. 10. Attachments: Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement (PWS) Attachment 2: Site Map Attachment 3: Wage Determination 2015-4289 rev 32 d. 12.3.2025 11. Contract Clauses. The provisions and clauses herein, in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2024-03 and as amended by the class deviation issued under DARS Tracking Number 2026-O0038 (February 1, 2026), are incorporated by reference or in full text. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the referenced clauses. The full text of FAR and DFARS clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/. 12. Quote Submission & Evaluation Quote Submission Deadline: All quotes must be received no later than May 15, 2026 at 2:00 PM Eastern Time. Submission Method: Quotes must be submitted electronically via email to nelia.shyshak.civ@army. mil and/or edward.l.sherwood4.civ@army.mil. The subject line must reference the solicitation number W15QKN-26-Q-A033. Facsimile or hard-copy submissions will not be accepted. Submission Requirements: In accordance with FAR 52.212-1, offerors are to submit a signed and dated quote that includes: 1. A completed Schedule of Services & Prices. 2. Acknowledgement of all solicitation amendments (if any). 3. Company name, address, CAGE code, and Unique Entity ID. 4. A technical statement confirming the offeror's ability to meet all requirements of the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Representations and Certifications: Offerors must have a completed and active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) and ensure that the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3 are current. Basis for Award: The Government will award a Firm-Fixed-Price contract to the responsible small business whose quote is conforming to the solicitation and is determined to be the lowest priced, technically acceptable offer. Technical acceptability is defined as an offeror's quote demonstrating a clear ability to perform the work described in the PWS. *** END OF NARRATIVE ***

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nelia Shyshak
  - Email: nelia.shyshak.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Edward Sherwood
  - Email: edward.l.sherwood4.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement (PWS) Attachment 2: Site Map Attachment 3: Wage Determination 2015-4289 rev 32 d. 12.3.2025 11. Contract Clauses. The provisions and clauses herein, in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2024-03 and as amended by the class deviation issued under DARS Tracking Number 2026-O0038 (February 1, 2026), are incorporated by reference or in full text. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the referenced clauses. The full text of FAR and DFARS clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/. 12. Quote Submission & Evaluation Quote Submission Deadline: All quotes must be received no later than May 15, 2026 at 2:00 PM Eastern Time. Submission Method: Quotes must be submitted electronically via email to nelia.shyshak.civ@army. mil and/or edward.l.sherwood4.civ@army.mil. The subject line must reference the solicitation number W15QKN-26-Q-A033. Facsimile or hard-copy submissions will not be accepted. Submission Requirements: In accordance with FAR 52.212-1, offerors are to submit a signed and dated quote that includes: 1. A completed Schedule of Services & Prices. 2. Acknowledgement of all solicitation amendments (if any). 3. Company name, address, CAGE code, and Unique Entity ID. 4. A technical statement confirming the offeror"s ability to meet all requirements of the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Representations and Certifications: Offerors must have a completed and active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) and ensure that the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3 are current. Basis for Award: The Government will award a Firm-Fixed-Price contract to the responsible small business whose quote is conforming to the solicitation and is determined to be the lowest priced, technically acceptable offer. Technical acceptability is defined as an offeror"s quote demonstrating a clear ability to perform the work described in the PWS. *** END OF NARRATIVE ***

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e5eceaa54776453893055790824ed28d/view)