---
layout: default
title: Multi-Purpose Range Complex (MPRC)
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 3275a0740ef4488db40464b9caea01a4
---

# Multi-Purpose Range Complex (MPRC)

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 15:14:40.208-04
- Solicitation Number: 15F06726R0000045

## Summary

Amendment 04 - (03/18/2026) - The purpose of this Amendment to provide responses to the Requests for Information (RFls) received for this project. As a result of some RFI responses, the following updated attachments are provided: (1) Attachment 5 - MPRC Price Template Rev1.1 (2) Attachment 12 - SOW_Amendment //////////////// Amendment 03 - (03/13/2026) - The purpose of this Amendment is to clarify that the proposal submission suspense is Monday, March 30, 2026 at 10am CST and to provide responses to the Requests for Information (RFIs) received for this project. As a result of some RFI responses, the following additional/updated attachments are provided: (1) RFI_15_CableTray_Clarity (2) RFI_50_8976_asbestos report (3) RFI_50_Redstone Arsenal_HAZMAT Survey 11082023 (4) RFI_80_MPRC_IFC_BOD_APP D_Interiors (5) magazine interior example (6)REDSTONE DETAILS - January 2026 - Camera Pole Detail. //////////////// Amendment 02 - (03/06/2026) - The purpose of this Amendment is to address the following: -Extend the proposal submission suspense to Tuesday, March 30, 2026 at 10am Central. -Clarify information in response to Requests for Information (RFIs) received for this project -Provide clarification regarding Amendment 01 to the original SF 1442, including confirmation that Box 13b requires an offer guarantee. -Include the following revised or additional attachments: (1) RFP (Amendment 02) - Multipurpose Range Complex Final (2) SF30 - Amendment 02 (3) Attachment 1 - Standard Form 1442 Rev2 (4) Attachment 5 - MPRC Price Template Rev1 (5) Government Responses_QAs (Attachment 11)_06 MAR 26 //////////////// Amendment 01 - (03/03/2026) - The purpose of this Amendment is to clarify information in response to the Requests for Information (RFIs) received for this project and to provide thirteen (13) photos that were requested from the site visit. As a result of this Amendment, the original SF 1442 was also amended to remove the check from box 13b as an offer guarantee is not required. //////////////// The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is seeking vendors for the construction of the Multi-Purpose Range Complex (MPRC) which stands as one of the last efforts to complete the FBI Huntsville’s Counter-IED Center of Excellence mission pillar. This project includes the demolition of some of the existing structures, sitework to open the range for safe operations, and construction of buildings, structures, and sand pits to support this mission pillar. The solicitation is issued as Full and Open Competition under NAICS code 236220, with a size standard of $ 45 million. The magnitude of construction is estimated between $25,000,001 and $100,000,000. The scope of work will include all labor, materials, equipment, and supervision necessary for site preparation, structural construction, interior and exterior finishes, mechanical, electrical, and plumbing systems, as well as all associated site utilities. No paper copies of this RFP will be issued. Contractors must be registered in SAM and their profile must include NAICS 236220 to be eligible for award. To access supporting documentation, vendors must have completed NDA and Document Security forms on file. Please submit completed forms to bwmccormick@fbi.gov and rbmccurdy@fbi.gov. The NDA and Document Security forms are required before a vendor will be granted access to the attachments to the solicitation. A site visit is scheduled for February 26, 2026. Site visit access will require the submittal of personally identifiable information (PII) to the FBI at least 7 days prior to the site visit. Early submission of the attached forms is requested to allow for timely processing. Only individuals who do not have Redstone Base Access are required to submit the visitors access form, but all those whom show interest in attending shall email bwmccormick@fbi.gov and rbmccurdy@fbi.gov. Interested vendors are encouraged to monitor SAM.gov for any amendments to the solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Reuben McCurdy
  - Email: rbmccurdy@fbi.gov
  - Phone: 7712256447
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brian McCormick
  - Email: bwmccormick@fbi.gov
  - Phone: 2025706337

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - MPRC Price Template Rev1.1 (2) Attachment 12 - SOW_Amendment //////////////// Amendment 03 - (03/13/2026) - The purpose of this Amendment is to clarify that the proposal submission suspense is Monday, March 30, 2026 at 10am CST and to provide responses to the Requests for Information (RFIs) received for this project. As a result of some RFI responses, the following additional/updated attachments are provided: (1) RFI_15_CableTray_Clarity (2) RFI_50_8976_asbestos report (3) RFI_50_Redstone Arsenal_HAZMAT Survey 11082023 (4) RFI_80_MPRC_IFC_BOD_APP D_Interiors (5) magazine interior example (6)REDSTONE DETAILS - January 2026 - Camera Pole Detail. //////////////// Amendment 02 - (03/06/2026) - The purpose of this Amendment is to address the following: -Extend the proposal submission suspense to Tuesday, March 30, 2026 at 10am Central. -Clarify information in response to Requests for Information (RFIs) received for this project -Provide clarification regarding Amendment 01 to the original SF 1442, including confirmation that Box 13b requires an offer guarantee. -Include the following revised or additional attachments: (1) RFP (Amendment 02) - Multipurpose Range Complex Final (2) SF30 - Amendment 02 (3) Attachment 1 - Standard Form 1442 Rev2 (4) Attachment 5 - MPRC Price Template Rev1 (5) Government Responses_QAs (Attachment 11)_06 MAR 26 //////////////// Amendment 01 - (03/03/2026) - The purpose of this Amendment is to clarify information in response to the Requests for Information (RFIs) received for this project and to provide thirteen (13) photos that were requested from the site visit. As a result of this Amendment, the original SF 1442 was also amended to remove the check from box 13b as an offer guarantee is not required. //////////////// The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is seeking vendors for the construction of the Multi-Purpose Range Complex (MPRC) which stands as one of the last efforts to complete the FBI Huntsville’s Counter-IED Center of Excellence mission pillar. This project includes the demolition of some of the existing structures, sitework to open the range for safe operations, and construction of buildings, structures, and sand pits to support this mission pillar. The solicitation is issued as Full and Open Competition under NAICS code 236220, with a size standard of $ 45 million. The magnitude of construction is estimated between $25,000,001 and $100,000,000. The scope of work will include all labor, materials, equipment, and supervision necessary for site preparation, structural construction, interior and exterior finishes, mechanical, electrical, and plumbing systems, as well as all associated site utilities. No paper copies of this RFP will be issued. Contractors must be registered in SAM and their profile must include NAICS 236220 to be eligible for award. To access supporting documentation, vendors must have completed NDA and Document Security forms on file. Please submit completed forms to bwmccormick@fbi.gov and rbmccurdy@fbi.gov. The NDA and Document Security forms are required before a vendor will be granted access to the attachments to the solicitation. A site visit is scheduled for February 26, 2026. Site visit access will require the submittal of personally identifiable information (PII) to the FBI at least 7 days prior to the site visit. Early submission of the attached forms is requested to allow for timely processing. Only individuals who do not have Redstone Base Access are required to submit the visitors access form, but all those whom show interest in attending shall email bwmccormick@fbi.gov and rbmccurdy@fbi.gov. Interested vendors are encouraged to monitor SAM.gov for any amendments to the solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3275a0740ef4488db40464b9caea01a4/view)