---
layout: default
title: Jersey City, NJ Jersey City MPO Backflow Prevention Upgrade B64929
agency: POSTAL SERVICE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: a29fa1f9319347a0ad19289503b8b789
---

# Jersey City, NJ Jersey City MPO Backflow Prevention Upgrade B64929

- Agency: POSTAL SERVICE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 12:10:00.24-04
- Solicitation Number: 089495-26-A-0054

## Summary

The Facilities Construction R&A East CMT of the United States Postal Service is soliciting proposals for a Backflow Preventer Upgrade project, at the United States Postal Service owned Jersey City MPO 69 Montgomery Street, Jersey City, NJ 07302, Hudson County. Please see attached Summary of Work. The estimated cost of the work is between $3,000,000 and $4,000,000; with construction completion no later than Four hundred (400) calendar days after receipt of the Notice to Proceed. The solicitation will open March 13, 2026 on USPS eSourcing Coupa (see How to Participate below) and close on April 13, 2026. A pre-proposal meeting for this project will be held on March 19, 2026 at 10:00am, (local time) on site. Attendance is not mandatory but is strongly recommended. Technical inquiries are to be addressed to Philip Quense, Architect/Engineer, Crane Associates, at (973) 221-2018, or the USPS Project Manager, Stephen Becker at (201) 714-7236. The Postal Service bases contract award decisions on best value. The Postal Service bases contract award decisions on best value. The Postal Service is more concerned with making an award to the supplier striking the appropriate balance of technical/management features and price. The Postal Service may not necessarily make an award at the lowest price to achieve small price savings if better value can be achieved with superior technical or management features. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Technical Evaluation Plan: Sections include Eligibility, Bonding Information, Financial Condition & Capability, Supplier Capability and Past Performance. The Technical Evaluation Plan will be assessed and scored on a scale of 100 points. Solicitation Attachment 11 contains the scoring breakdown. Price Proposal: Signed Offer and Award (Page 1), Schedule of Values (see eRFX Excel Attachment), Schedule of Unit Prices (if applicable), and Schedule of Alternates (if applicable). Affirmation of Contract Terms & Conditions. Terms & Conditions: Acknowledgement of Solicitation Amendments (if applicable), Solicitation Provision F-202: Key Personnel; Provision 4-3: Representations and Certifications (Section A., B., E.); Provision 9-1: Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Program; and Provision F-401: Authorized Negotiators. Form VETS-4212 Documentation is required. If you are not registered with Department of Labor Report System, you must register on the DOL website at: https://www.dol.gov/vets/vets4212.htm and provide proof of registration. Bonding: Contractor must have the ability to obtain 100 percent performance and payment bonds for this project within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of a Notice of Intent to Award. Contractor will be responsible for coordination of all work in a manner that will not interfere with operations and coordinate all work related to this phased project with the Facility Manager or designee. Note: Successful offeror will be required to submit a Sub-Contracting Plan and Project Specific Safety Plan acceptable to the USPS Contracting Officer before a Notice to Proceed (NTP) is issued. The successful offeror will be bound by the Contractor's Screening Requirements. Offerors must familiarize themselves with the requirements of Clause F-102. HOW TO PARTICIPATE IN THE OPPORTUNITY All proposals must be submitted online in USPS eSourcing. USPS eSourcing Coupa is a web-based electronic solicitation platform. If your organization wishes to participate in this solicitation and is not registered in Coupa, please see the attached Coupa registration instructions. Complete the form and submit to the email on the form. Once the registration process is complete, the Postal Service will review the entry within seven (7) business days to ensure it is complete and accurate. Upon approval, you will be notified via e-mail of your log-in credentials. Once you receive confirmation your account is active, reach out to the Point of Contact and request an invitation to the event. If you have any questions on the registration process, refer to the attached PowerPoint presentations to aid in registering and managing the event. If your company is already registered in Coupa, contact Jennifer Santiago at Jennifer.Santiago@usps.gov or (860) 285-7138 to request an invitation to bid. Separate electronic messages will be sent inviting you to participate in the solicitation and notifying you when the event is opened. Each organization must "accept" the Invitation to place a bid in Coupa. Any required documentation may be attached to your bid after submitting total dollar amount of bid in Coupa. CLOSING TIME WILL NOT BE EXTENDED DUE TO OPERATOR INABILITY WITHIN COUPA.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Santiago
  - Email: Jennifer.Santiago@usps.gov
  - Phone: 8604710138

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: contains the scoring breakdown. Price Proposal: Signed Offer and Award (Page 1), Schedule of Values (see eRFX Excel Attachment), Schedule of Unit Prices (if applicable), and Schedule of Alternates (if applicable). Affirmation of Contract Terms & Conditions. Terms & Conditions: Acknowledgement of Solicitation Amendments (if applicable), Solicitation Provision F-202: Key Personnel; Provision 4-3: Representations and Certifications (Section A., B., E.); Provision 9-1: Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Program; and Provision F-401: Authorized Negotiators. Form VETS-4212 Documentation is required. If you are not registered with Department of Labor Report System, you must register on the DOL website at: https://www.dol.gov/vets/vets4212.htm and provide proof of registration. Bonding: Contractor must have the ability to obtain 100 percent performance and payment bonds for this project within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of a Notice of Intent to Award. Contractor will be responsible for coordination of all work in a manner that will not interfere with operations and coordinate all work related to this phased project with the Facility Manager or designee. Note: Successful offeror will be required to submit a Sub-Contracting Plan and Project Specific Safety Plan acceptable to the USPS Contracting Officer before a Notice to Proceed (NTP) is issued. The successful offeror will be bound by the Contractor"s Screening Requirements. Offerors must familiarize themselves with the requirements of Clause F-102. HOW TO PARTICIPATE IN THE OPPORTUNITY All proposals must be submitted online in USPS eSourcing. USPS eSourcing Coupa is a web-based electronic solicitation platform. If your organization wishes to participate in this solicitation and is not registered in Coupa, please see the attached Coupa registration instructions. Complete the form and submit to the email on the form. Once the registration process is complete, the Postal Service will review the entry within seven (7) business days to ensure it is complete and accurate. Upon approval, you will be notified via e-mail of your log-in credentials. Once you receive confirmation your account is active, reach out to the Point of Contact and request an invitation to the event. If you have any questions on the registration process, refer to the attached PowerPoint presentations to aid in registering and managing the event. If your company is already registered in Coupa, contact Jennifer Santiago at Jennifer.Santiago@usps.gov or (860) 285-7138 to request an invitation to bid. Separate electronic messages will be sent inviting you to participate in the solicitation and notifying you when the event is opened. Each organization must "accept" the Invitation to place a bid in Coupa. Any required documentation may be attached to your bid after submitting total dollar amount of bid in Coupa. CLOSING TIME WILL NOT BE EXTENDED DUE TO OPERATOR INABILITY WITHIN COUPA

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a29fa1f9319347a0ad19289503b8b789/view)