---
layout: default
title: 6505--VASD PSMA
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6478a1ce85314e259f5cab379e737c13
---

# 6505--VASD PSMA

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-20 17:04:29.142-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0541
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) /Â SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUEDÂ SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 325412 (size standard of 1,300 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. 1. SCOPE: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing Gallium-68 Prostate-Specific membrane Antigen (PSMA) agent equivalent to Illuccix for diagnosis of patients with, or suspected of, having prostate cancer receiving services at VA San Diego Healthcare System. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE (POP): Base: 7/1/2026 12/31/2026 Option Year 1 (OY1): 1/1/2027 12/31/2027 Option Year 2 (OY2): 1/1/2028 12/31/2028 Option Year 3 (OY3): 1/1/2029 12/31/2029 Option Year 4 (OY4): 1/1/2030 12/31/2030 PARTICIPATING VA HEALTHCARE SYSTEMS: VA San Diego Healthcare System 3350 La Jolla Village Drive Nuclear Medicine Service San Diego, CA 92161 2. ROUTINE ORDERS Routine orders require delivery on the next business day, unless specified elsewhere in this contract. 3. DELIVERABLES PoP CLIN Description Estimated Qty UOM Base 0001 Illuccix or equivalent GA-68 agent PSMA 160 EA OY1 1001 Illuccix or equivalent GA-68 agent PSMA 320 EA OY2 2001 Illuccix or equivalent GA-68 agent PSMA 325 EA OY3 3001 Illuccix or equivalent GA-68 agent PSMA 330 EA OY4 4001 Illuccix or equivalent GA-68 agent PSMA 335 EA The quantities cited above chart are estimated quantities for base and all option periods; quantities are not a contractual statement of precise quantities that the Government will order. The quantities given are estimated only, and no guarantee of their accuracy is either given or implied. The Government will only pay for quantities that are actually ordered and for which the services are fulfilled. 4. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS Equivalent PSMA must meet following salient characteristics: Must be FDA-approved. Must be suitable for use as a PSMA-targeted prostate PET imaging agent for prostate cancer detection. Must be labeled with Gallium-68 (GA-68). Substitution with any other radionuclide is not acceptable to continue the previously conducted clinical studies. Must help select candidates for PSMA-directed therapy. 5. DELIVERY LOCATION, NORMAL WORK HOURS AND INSTRUCTIONS: VA San Diego HEALTHCARE SYSTEM: Delivery Location Nuclear Medicine Service, Main Hospital, 4 West, 4th Floor Normal Work Hours 7:00am to 4:00pm, Monday through Friday 6. PACKAGING AND MARKING a) The contractor shall package, mark and transfer all radioactive material in accordance with all applicable local, state, and federal regulations. b) Items must be properly packaged to prevent damage during shipping, handling, and storage. c) All outer packages must contain the complete purchase number, obligation number and contract number in addition to the shipping address. The purchase number and obligation number will be provided by the individual at the time of ordering. The contract number will be provided upon notice of contract award. d) Packaging List: A packing list/slip shall be enclosed with each shipment indicating the purchase/obligation and delivery order number, contract number, items/quality ordered, and items/quality shipped. 7. RECALLED AND DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS The Contractor will immediately notify the Contracting Officer of any recalls of product or other important product safety issues. As appropriate, the Contractor will replace and/or reimburse recalled / defective products at no cost to the Government. The Contractor may be liable for costs of processing recalls, i.e. administrative and clinical services to replace recalled / defective products. 8. SAFETY GUIDELINES AND REQUIREMENTS The Contractor shall perform all functions of the contract in compliance with Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), FDA, NRC, Joint Commission safety guidelines and Department of Transportation (DOT) requirements. The Contractor shall self-report any violations to the COR within twenty-four (24) hours. Delivery personnel shall be trained in Radiation Safety Techniques, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Joint Commission safety guidelines and Department of Transportation requirements. 9. NATIONAL HOLIDAYS OBSERVED BY THE GOVERNMENT New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday 3rd Monday in January Presidents Day 3rd Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth 19 June 19 Independence Day July 4 Labor Day 1st Monday in September Columbus Day 2nd Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day 4th Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25th The President of the United States of America may declare additional days as a Federal holiday, and if so, this holiday will automatically be added to the list above. When a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as a Federal holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday shall be observed as a Federal Holiday. 10. CONTRACTOR DELIVERY PERSONNEL All contractor personnel are required to wear clothing bearing the name of the Contractor and wear a badge that has the Contractor name. Contractor personnel must have a picture I.D. and must be able to speak English. 11. PARKING AND SPEED LIMIT Park only in areas designated by the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) or otherwise directed by Police and Security Service personnel. The Contractor shall display on each of its vehicles the company name in a size that is clearly visible. Upon receipt of award, the Contractor shall submit a list of employees and vehicles to the COR of each facility. The Contractor shall conform to the speed limit set at each Government facility. Should Contractor personnel receive a citation for parking, speeding or other infraction from VA Security, the offenses will be handled in Federal Court as they are Federal offenses. 12. INVOICE AND PAYMENT No advanced payments will be authorized. The contractor shall submit invoices monthly. The invoice must have at a minimum, the contract number, assigned purchase order, assigned obligation number, date order was placed, date order was shipped, and any additional necessary detailed information to identify service rendered. Payment on invoice may be delayed in invoice(s) are not completed properly. The list of DRAFT characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR Â§ 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Hestia.Sim@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Monday, March 30, 2026, by 10AM Pacific Local Time. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hestia Sim
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hestia.Sim@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6478a1ce85314e259f5cab379e737c13/view)