---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought: LED Sign Replacement Services to be provided for the Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center (WWKMHCC), Sisseton, SD
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7916c872bd414105a1af6dfaef6599f3
---

# Sources Sought: LED Sign Replacement Services to be provided for the Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center (WWKMHCC), Sisseton, SD

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 09:20:22.373-04
- Solicitation Number: IHS-SS-26-1520864

## Summary

Sources Sought: LED Sign Replacement Services to be provided for the Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center (WWKMHCC), Sisseton, SD. Sources Sought Notice Number: IHS-SS-26-1520864 This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation, an obligation or commitment by the Indian Health Service. This notice is intended strictly for market research to determine the availability of Indian Small Businesses Economic Enterprise (ISBEE), Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE), or Other Small Businesses. Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. The anticipated applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 339950 – Sign Manufacturing.

1.0 BACKGROUND The IHS is an agency within the Department of Health & Human Services and is responsible for providing federal health services to American Indians and Alaska Natives. The Indian Health Service provides a comprehensive health service delivery system for approximately 1.9 million American Indians and Alaska Natives who belong to 567 federally recognized tribes, in 35 states. The Indian Health Service Headquarters is located in Rockville, MD and then divided into twelve (12) physical areas: Alaska, Albuquerque, Bemidji, Billings, California, Great Plains, Nashville, Navajo, Oklahoma, Phoenix, Portland, and Tucson. The Great Plains Area Office (GPAO) works in conjunction with 19 Indian Health Service Units and Tribal Managed Service Units to provide health care to approximately 130,000 Native American located in North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, and Iowa. WWKMHCC falls under the GPAO and provides medical care to approximately 7,000 tribal members living on the Lake Traverse Reservation. The Service Unit was built in 2007 to provide an expanded level of outpatient health care services specifically designed to meet the needs of our population. Services include: Behavioral Health, Community Health, Dental, Laboratory, Nutrition Services, Optometry, Pharmacy, Physical Therapy, Public Health Nursing, Purchased & Referred Care Services, and Radiology.

2.0 OBJECTIVE The Purpose of this acquisition is to replace the existing, outdate LED sign at the Sisseton IHS facility to ensure effective communication with patients, visitors, and the surrounding community in support of the IHS mission..

3.0 SCOPE The Contractor shall provide all labor, materials, equipment and coordination necessary to complete the following: Design – New sign shall be GT6x-144x216-10-RGB-2V as manufactures by Daktronics or equal. i. Cabinet display configuration is Two-View, two one-sided display installed back-to-back. Display shall operate from 120/240 VAC, 60 Hz single phase, including neutral and earth ground. Display shall operate in a minimum ambient temperature range of -40 to + 120 degree Fahrenheit and 95% humidity. The presence of ambient radio signals and magnetic or electromagnetic interference, including those from power lines, transformers, and motors, shall not impair performance of the display system. ii. Internal display component hardware (nuts, bolts, screws, standoffs, rivets, fasteners, etc.) shall be fabricated from stainless steel, aluminum, nylon, or other durable corrosion-resistant materials suitable for the signage application. Display materials shall use non-corrosive materials or have a protective coating so they shall be anti-corrosive and not degrade or oxidize. Provide lifting supports that can be removed after installation. iii. Exterior finish shall be coated with an automotive-grade acrylic urethane paint. Provide UV resistance to prevent discoloring. iv. LED display performance shall present messages that are continuous, uniform and unbroken in appearance. Display shall be capable of displaying all true type fonts. Display shall be able to display messages composed of any combination of alphanumeric text, punctuation symbols, graphic images, and pre-canned video files (30 frame per second playback capability). v. Controller shall be able to run independently from a controlling computing device allowing the display to operate even when the controlling device is unhooked or turned off. Each controller shall be connected to a light sensor allowing each LED display to automatically adjust brightness according to display direction and lighting conditions. vi. Communications for display controller shall be DHCP-enabled and allow for static IP addressing. Each single-face display shall be controlled and monitored by its own LED controller. Led controller shall be able to receive instructions from and provide information using ethernet Cat5. Verify existing ethernet is communicating. vii. Controller software to be hosted on manufacturer’s servers at no cost to the customer. Display content and scheduling shall be via cloud-based solution with web browser access supporting iOS Safari, Internet Explorer v11+, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox. Basic content creation to be performed via browser-based online editor. Supports import of images (PNG, BMP, GIF, JPG, PSD) and video files (AVI, MPG, MP4, MOV) in both browser-based and downloadable content utilities. Installation – i. The structure design is critical and should be done only by a qualified individual. Verify that the existing structure and mounting hardware are adequate in accordance with ASCE 7-22. ii. Ensure that the installation meet local standards. The mounting hardware shall be capable of supporting all components to be mounted. iii. All mounted displays must be inspected by a qualified structural engineer. iv. Verify existing power is adequate for new sign. v. Displays must be grounded according to the provisions outlined in Article 250 of the National Electrical Code. The display must be connected to earth-ground. Proper grounding is necessary for reliable equipment operation and protects the equipment from damaging electrical disturbances and lightning. Warranty – Contractor shall provide 1-year labor and material warranty at no additional cost to the government which provides for repairs of all work and equipment that was provided under this scope of work. Contractor shall provide 5-years of parts coverage from manufacture. Provide a toll-free help desk number that will be staffed from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Central Time from manufacture. The Contractor shall coordinate removal and disposal of existing signage.

4.0 CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS/ AND PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS The Contractor will possess the knowledge and skills to complete the work described in the Contractor Responsibilities above.

5.0 TYPE OF ORDER The award for this service will be a firm fixed price non-personal service purchase order.

6.0 ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of Performance: 120 days from date of award

7.0 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Woodrow Wilson Keeble Memorial Health Care Center, Indian Health Service, 100 Lake Traverse Drive, Sisseton, SD.

8.0 PAYMENT Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Service (IHS) is in the process of implementing an electronic invoicing system in compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum "Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing" directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests. IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov "Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer". The Government reserves the right to accept or reject services, if the level of performance is unacceptable.

9.0 Capability Statement/Information: Interested parties are expected to review this notice and attached statement of work to familiarize itself with the requirements of this project. Failure to do so will be at your firm’s own risk. The following information shall be included in the capability statement: 1. A general overview of the respondent’s opinions about the difficulty and/or feasibility of the potential requirement, and any information regarding innovative ideas or concepts. 2. Information in sufficient detail of the respondent’s (a) current capability and capacity to perform the work; (b) prior completed events of similar nature/size; (c) organizational experience and management capability; and (d) examples of prior completed Government contracts and other related information. 3. The respondents’ UEI number, organization name, address, point of contact, and size and type of business (e.g., 8(a), HUBZone, etc.) Pursuant to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code: 339950 – Sign Manufacturing. 4. Any other information that may be helpful in developing or finalizing the requirements of the potential acquisition. 5. The capability statement shall not exceed 10 single-sided pages (including all attachments, resumes, etc.) presented in single-space and using a 12-point font size minimum, in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF), with 8-1/2 by 11-inch paper size, and 1-inch top, bottom, left and right margins. 6. All proprietary information should be marked as such. Statements should also include an indication of current certified small business status; this indication should be clearly marked on the first page of your capability statement (preferably placed under the eligible small business concern’s name and address). Responses will be reviewed only by IHS personnel and will be considered adequate responses to a solicitation.

10.0 Closing Statement Point of Contact: Andrea Whipple, Purchasing Agent Submission Instructions: Interested parties shall submit capability via email to Andrea Whipple, at Andrea.Whipple@ihs.gov. Must include Sources Sought Number IHS-SS-26-1520864 in the Subject line. The due date for receipt of statements is February 21, 2026, 1:00 p.m. Central Time. All responses must be received by the specified due date and time in order to be considered. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of IHS. IHS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses nor otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted. As a result of this notice, IHS may issue a Request for Quote (RFQ). THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. However, should such a requirement materialize, no basis for claims against IHS shall arise as a result of a response to this notice or IHS’s use of such information as either part of our evaluation process or in developing specifications for any subsequent requirement. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrea Whipple
  - Email: andrea.whipple@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6052682022

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7916c872bd414105a1af6dfaef6599f3/view)