---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice for USS MICHAEL MONSOOR (DDG 1001) CNO Availability
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 542c96cfc71c407db74f4d8115a33797
---

# Sources Sought Notice for USS MICHAEL MONSOOR (DDG 1001) CNO Availability

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 09:31:50.688-04
- Solicitation Number: N00024-26-R-4443

## Summary

The Naval Sea Systems Command is issuing this Sources Sought Synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest, capabilities, and resources to support the requirements for a Guided Missile Destroyer (DDG) CNO availability for modernization and maintenance for DDG 1001 (USS MICHAEL MONSOOR). The Government is seeking responses from sources that can perform dry-docking and pier-side maintenance, repair, and significant modernization alterations and installation of complex integrated warfare systems to include, but not limited to: Execution of a CNO availability, primarily to add the Conventional Prompt Strike (CPS) capability in DDG 1001. Adding this capability requires reclaiming of the forward spaces by removing the Advanced Gun System (AGS) and constructing/installing the Large Missile Vertical Launch System (LMVLS) in the reclaimed space. Crane capacity that can support (request interested parties specify the crane requirements they can support): Installation of a LMVLS unit into the dry dock or at the pier and / or 2. Onload/offloads of an Advanced Payload Module (APM) and a Ballast Cannister into the dry dock Significant Work items included: Removal of AGS mount CPS Installation Relocation of main engine intakes Propulsion Seawater (PSW) Modification (Seachest and Autovent) Total Ship Computing Environment (TSCE) Tech Refresh The Government has provided an outline of some of the work anticipated to be completed under the expected CNO availability as an enclosure to this sources sought document (see Enclosure (1)). This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. The Government is seeking sources capable of performing all the scope of work described herein and within Enclosure (1) and Enclosure (2). Interested parties should identify their capabilities to fulfill the requirements, either in full or in part, and provide details on how they would address specific aspects of the scope. Additionally, the Government anticipates executing the effort through phased MP increments (total of four (4)), ranging from five (5) to eight (8) months beginning in approximately mid-FY27 through mid-FY31. The Government welcomes feedback from potential offerors regarding the proposed phased approach, including the structure, sequencing, practicality of this duration and whether alternative timelines would better support effective execution of the work. Industry input on potential risks, efficiencies, or alternative approaches that may improve execution of the increments is encouraged. An Industry Day regarding this effort may be announced via SAM.gov at a later date. Attendance of this Industry Day shall not be considered as an official response in lieu of response to this Notice. When responding, please also provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, e-mail address, website address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization, CAGE Code, System for Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity Identification Number and MSRA Status; and 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. Include relevant facility capacity and capability to include crane information. If significant subcontracting or teaming (>20%) is anticipated in order to deliver technical and industrial capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to 1) provide efforts consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; and 3) implement a successful project management plan that includes: compliance with tight program schedules; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance; hiring and retention of personnel and risk mitigation. Based on the responses to this Sources Sought Notice/Market Research, this requirement may be set aside for small business or procured through full and open competition. In accordance with FAR 52.219-14, should the prospective contract be competed as a small business set aside, the prospective offeror would be required to perform 50% of the cost of manufacturing, to include industrial work, planning, engineering, and program management. If you are a small business, include a description of your plan to meet the requirements listed in Enclosure (1) within the capability statement portion of your submission. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Submission Instructions: Interested parties qualified to perform the objectives herein described are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by 1400 EST on 29 April 2026. All responses under this Sources Sough Notice much be emailed to the Contracting Officer, Brian Romano, at brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil and the Contract Specialist, James Thomas, at james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil, Subject: Solicitation N00024-26-R-4443. If you have any questions concerning this opportunity, please contact the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist Subject: Solicitation N00024-26-R-4443. Respondents are responsible for properly marking and clearly identifying proprietary information or trade secrets contained within their response. The Government will not be liable for or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information not properly marked and clearly identified. Information provided shall be treated as Business Sensitive and will not be shared outside of Government activities and agencies without the permission of the provider. Please choose one of the methods below to submit your response: 1. For electronic file sizes over 5 MB upload please email the Contracting Officer, Brian Romano, brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil, and Contract Specialist, James Thomas, james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil to request a DoD SAFE submission link. 2. For electronic file sizes fewer than 5 MB send by email to brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil, james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil Subject: Solicitation N00024-26-R-4443. Note: Preferred method of sending in Sources Sought responses for all electronic file sizes is by the DoD SAFE application; however, responses will be accepted by email as described above. Contracting Officer Address: NAVAL SEA SYSTEMS COMMAND, DC 1333 Isaac Hull Ave SE, Washington Navy Yard, DC 20376 Point of Contact: Brian Romano, SEA 024 Contracting Officer, brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil James Thomas, SEA 024 Contract Specialist, james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Thomas
  - Email: james.c.thomas118.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027817223
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Romano
  - Email: brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027815282

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/542c96cfc71c407db74f4d8115a33797/view)