---
layout: default
title: Uysses S Grant NHS Sprinkler Inspections & Repair
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 34b2a0b6fa0044e39adfeff4d48be102
---

# Uysses S Grant NHS Sprinkler Inspections & Repair

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 13:39:27.327-04
- Solicitation Number: 140P6226Q0002

## Summary

(1) Not Applicable (2) 10 April (3) 2026 (4) Contracting Office Zip: 63123 (5) Product Service Code: H212 - Equipment Testing (6) National Park Service Contracting Operations Central, Missouri Major Acquisition Buying Office (7) Request for Quotes for Inspection and Servicing of Chillers (8) 140P6226Q0002 (9) Closing Response Date: 17 April 2026 (10) Contracting Officer: matthew_frank@nps.gov (11-15) Not Applicable (16) Description: (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for a commercial item being procured in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information as included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. All clauses may be viewed in the entirety at www.acquisition.gov (ii) The solicitation number 140P6226Q0002 and is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). (iii) The solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through the current Federal Acquisition Circular: 2026-01 (iv) Total Small Business Set-Aside (v) Line Items: CLIN 0010 - Inspection of four sprinkler systems including: two dry-pipe systems, one wet-pipe system, and one wet-pipe system with anti-freeze CLIN 0020 - Repair of sprinkler heads identified from previous inspection (see appendix B in Statement of Work). CLIN 0110 - Option Line Item ¿ Calendar Year 2027 - Inspection of four sprinkler systems IAW statement of work including: two dry-pipe systems, one wet-pipe system, and one wet-pipe system with anti-freeze (vi) The National Park Service (NPS) is seeking quotes for the inspection of the sprinkler systems at Ulysses S. Grant National Historic Site in St. Louis, MO. There are four systems total including two dry-pipe systems and two wet-pipe systems, one of which contains anti-freeze. (vii) Begin performance within ten (10) days of issuance of purchase order. (viii) FAR provision 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Services applies to this acquisition. All interested parties shall be registered and active in the System for Award Management or SAM at time an offer or quotation is submitted. SAM UEI to be provided with quote. The offerors shall submit a quote to the contracting officer by email to: matthew_frank@nps.gov Quote shall be provided on company letter head with pricing structured according to the line item structure in part (v) above. Quoter may add additional line items as needed for individual models of camera. (ix) The Government will award a firm, fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror or offerors whose quote(s) conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and technical factors considered. (x) Offers shall include a completed copy of paragraph (b) from within FAR provision 52.212-3 - Offer Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Services with its offer. (xi) FAR clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023), applies to this acquisition. No addenda are attached. (xii) FAR clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Jan 2025), applies to this acquisition. The following clauses within 52.212-5 apply: 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328) 52.204-28 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders¿Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, and Multi-Agency Contracts (DEC 2023) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government¿s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (June 2023) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (June 2003) (E.O.11755). 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Dec 2022) (E.O.13126). 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (Jun 2020) (E.O. 13513). 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (OCT 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018) (31 U.S.C. 3332). 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). Wage Determination 2015-5075, Rev. 31, Dated: 3 December 2025 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). Employee Class Wage + Fringe 23790 - Pipefitter $35.31 + $12.80 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan 2022) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706 (xiii) The following provisions and clauses are incorporated by reference IAW FAR 52.252-1 into this request for quote: Provisions 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Oct 2018) 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (Aug 2020) 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunication and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021) 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations - Representation (Nov 2015) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Mar 2023) Clauses 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018) 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (Aug 2020) 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (Dec 2014) 52.253-1 Computer Generated Forms (Jan 1991) The following provisions and clauses are included in full text as prescribed: 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services - Representation (Oct 2020) (a) Definitions. As used in this provision, "covered telecommunications equipment or services" and "reasonable inquiry" have the meaning provided in the clause 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (b) Procedures. The Offeror shall review the list of excluded parties in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov) for entities excluded from receiving federal awards for "covered telecommunications equipment or services". (c) Representations. (1) The Offeror represents that it [ ] does, [ ] does not provide covered telecommunications equipment or services as a part of its offered products or services to the Government in the performance of any contract, subcontract, or other contractual instrument. (2) After conducting a reasonable inquiry for purposes of this representation, the offeror represents that it [ ] does, [ ] does not use covered telecommunications equipment or services, or any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services. (End of provision) 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 60 days. (End of clause) 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 60 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years. (End of clause) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) (a) (1) In accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801, within 15 days after receipt of accelerated payments from the Government, the Contractor shall make accelerated payments to its small business subcontractors under this contract, to the maximum extent practicable and prior to when such payment is otherwise required under the applicable contract or subcontract, after receipt of a proper invoice and all other required documentation from the small business subcontractor. (2) The Contractor agrees to make such payments to its small business subcontractors without any further consideration from or fees charged to the subcontractor. (b) The acceleration of payments under this clause does not provide any new rights under the Prompt Payment Act. (c) Include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in all subcontracts with small business concerns, including subcontracts with small business concerns for the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services. (End of clause) Invoicing Processing Platform (IPP) - Treasury Electronic Invoicing System (May 2016) Payment requests must be submitted electronically through the U. S. Department of the Treasury's Invoice Processing Platform System (IPP). "Payment request" means any request for contract financing payment or invoice payment by the Contractor. To constitute a proper invoice, the payment request must comply with the requirements identified in the applicable Prompt Payment clause included in the contract, or the clause 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services included in commercial item contracts. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov. Under this contract, the following documents are required to be submitted as an attachment to the IPP invoice: 1. Copy of vendor invoice document in PDF format, which shows pricing breakdown for all items being invoiced for and must include the contract number, date(s) of service (if applicable), date of invoice, and the vendor's standard invoice letterhead. The Contractor must use the IPP website to register access and use IPP for submitting requests for payment. The Contractor Government Business Point of Contact (as listed in SAM) will receive enrollment instructions via email from the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (FRBB) prior to the contract award date, but no more than 3 - 5 business days of the contract award date. Contractor assistance with enrollment can be obtained by contacting the IPP Production Helpdesk via email IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov or phone (866) 973-3131. If the Contractor is unable to comply with the requirement to use IPP for submitting invoices for payment, the Contractor must submit a waiver request in writing to the Contracting Officer with its proposal or quotation. (End of Local Clause) 1452.201-70 AUTHORITIES AND DELEGATIONS (Sep 2011) (REMOVE IF NOT APPLICABLE) (a) The Contracting Officer is the only individual authorized to enter into or terminate this contract, modify any term or condition of this contract, waive any requirement of this contract, or accept nonconforming work. (b) The Contracting Officer will designate a Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) at time of award. The COR will be responsible for technical monitoring of the contractor's performance and deliveries. The COR will be appointed in writing, and a copy of the appointment will be furnished to the Contractor. Changes to this delegation will be made by written changes to the existing appointment or by issuance of a new appointment. The COR for this contract will be: (c) The COR is not authorized to perform, formally or informally, any of the following actions: (1) Promise, award, agree to award, or execute any contract, contract modification, or notice of intent that changes or may change this contract; (2) Waive or agree to modification of the delivery schedule; (3) Make any final decision on any contract matter subject to the Disputes Clause; (4) Terminate, for any reason, the Contractor's right to proceed; (5) Obligate in any way, the payment of money by the Government. (d) The Contractor shall comply with the written or oral direction of the Contracting Officer or authorized representative(s) acting within the scope and authority of the appointment memorandum. The Contractor need not proceed with direction that it considers to have been issued without proper authority. The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing, with as much detail as possible, when the COR has taken an action or has issued direction (written or oral) that the Contractor considers to exceed the COR¿s appointment, within 3 days of the occurrence. Unless otherwise provided in this contract, the Contractor assumes all costs, risks, liabilities, and consequences of performing any work it is directed to perform that falls within any of the categories defined in paragraph (c) prior to receipt of the Contracting Officer's response issued under paragraph (e) of this clause. (e) The Contracting Officer shall respond in writing within 30 days to any notice made under paragraph (d) of this clause. A failure of the parties to agree upon the nature of a direction, or upon the contract action to be taken with respect thereto, shall be subject to the provisions of the Disputes clause of this contract. (f) The Contractor shall provide copies of all correspondence to the Contracting Officer and the COR. (g) Any action(s) taken by the Contractor, in response to any direction given by any person acting on behalf of the Government or any Government official other than the Contracting Officer or the COR acting within his or her appointment, shall be at the Contractor¿s risk. (End of Clause) 1452.228-70 Liability Insurance - Department of the Interior (Jul 1999) (a) The Contractor shall procure and maintain during the term of this contract and any extension thereof liability insurance in form satisfactory to the Contracting Officer by an insurance company which is acceptable to the Contracting Officer. The named insured parties under the policy shall be the Contractor and the United States of America. The amounts of the insurance shall be not less than as follows: $ 100,000 each person $ 500,000 each occurrence $ 100,000 property damage (b) Each policy shall have a certificate evidencing the insurance coverage. The insurance company shall provide an endorsement to notify the Contracting Officer 30 days prior to the effective date of cancellation or termination of the policy or certificate; or modification of the policy or certificate which may adversely affect the interest of the Government in such insurance. The certificate shall identify the contract number, the name and address of the Contracting Officer, as well as the insured, the policy number and a brief description of contract services to be performed. The contractor shall furnish the Contracting Officer with a copy of an acceptable insurance certificate prior to beginning the work. (End of Local Clause) Prohibition of All Terrain Vehicles (ATVs) (Jul 1996) The contractor is prohibited from utilizing All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV)s on National Park Service lands. ATV is defined as: A motorized off-highway vehicle (OHV) traveling on four or more low-pressure tires, having a seat to be straddled by the operator and a handlebar for steering control. Use of Utility Terrain Vehicles (UTVs) are permitted. UTV (also called a side-by-side) is defined as: A motorized OHV having four or more low pressure tires, designed with side-by-side seats, seatbelts, steering wheel, and optional cab, brush cage, or ROPS. (End of Local Clause) 52.237-1 Site Visit (Apr 1984) (a) Offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. (b) Please contact the contracting officer at matthew_frank@nps.gov to schedule a site visit. (xiv) N/A (xv) All quotes shall be received, via email to matthew_frank@nps.gov, no later than 17:00 Central, on 17 April 2026. Quotes shall be valid for 30 days. Include the solicitation number, 140P6226Q0002, in the email subject line. (xvi) All communication regarding this solicitation, including questions, requests for additional information, documentation, etc., shall be emailed to matthew_frank@nps.gov. Questions will NOT be answered via phone or text message.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Frank
  - Email: matthew_frank@ios.doi.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: in Statement of Work). CLIN 0110 - Option Line Item ¿ Calendar Year 2027 - Inspection of four sprinkler systems IAW statement of work including: two dry-pipe systems, one wet-pipe system, and one wet-pipe system with anti-freeze (vi) The National Park Service (NPS) is seeking quotes for the inspection of the sprinkler systems at Ulysses S. Grant National Historic Site in St. Louis, MO. There are four systems total including two dry-pipe systems and two wet-pipe systems, one of which contains anti-freeze. (vii) Begin performance within ten (10) days of issuance of purchase order. (viii) FAR provision 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Services applies to this acquisition. All interested parties shall be registered and active in the System for Award Management or SAM at time an offer or quotation is submitted. SAM UEI to be provided with quote. The offerors shall submit a quote to the contracting officer by email to: matthew_frank@nps.gov Quote shall be provided on company letter head with pricing structured according to the line item structure in part (v) above. Quoter may add additional line items as needed for individual models of camera. (ix) The Government will award a firm, fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror or offerors whose quote(s) conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and technical factors considered. (x) Offers shall include a completed copy of paragraph (b) from within FAR provision 52.212-3 - Offer Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Services with its offer. (xi) FAR clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023), applies to this acquisition. No addenda are attached. (xii) FAR clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Jan 2025), applies to this acquisition. The following clauses within 52.212-5 apply: 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328) 52.204-28 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders¿Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, and Multi-Agency Contracts (DEC 2023) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government¿s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (June 2023) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (June 2003) (E.O.11755). 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Dec 2022) (E.O.13126). 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (Jun 2020) (E.O. 13513). 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (OCT 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018) (31 U.S.C. 3332). 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). Wage Determination 2015-5075, Rev. 31, Dated: 3 December 2025 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). Employee Class Wage + Fringe 23790 - Pipefitter $35.31 + $12.80 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan 2022) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706 (xiii) The following provisions and clauses are incorporated by reference IAW FAR 52.252-1 into this request for quote: Provisions 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Oct 2018) 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (Aug 2020) 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunication and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021) 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations - Representation (Nov 2015) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Mar 2023) Clauses 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018) 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (Aug 2020) 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (Dec 2014) 52.253-1 Computer Generated Forms (Jan 1991) The following provisions and clauses are included in full text as prescribed: 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services - Representation (Oct 2020) (a) Definitions. As used in this provision, "covered telecommunications equipment or services" and "reasonable inquiry" have the meaning provided in the clause 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (b) Procedures. The Offeror shall review the list of excluded parties in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov) for entities excluded from receiving federal awards for "covered telecommunications equipment or services". (c) Representations. (1) The Offeror represents that it [ ] does, [ ] does not provide covered telecommunications equipment or services as a part of its offered products or services to the Government in the performance of any contract, subcontract, or other contractual instrument. (2) After conducting a reasonable inquiry for purposes of this representation, the offeror represents that it [ ] does, [ ] does not use covered telecommunications equipment or services, or any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services. (End of provision) 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 60 days. (End of clause) 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 60 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years. (End of clause) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) (a) (1) In accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801, within 15 days after receipt of accelerated payments from the Government, the Contractor shall make accelerated payments to its small business subcontractors under this contract, to the maximum extent practicable and prior to when such payment is otherwise required under the applicable contract or subcontract, after receipt of a proper invoice and all other required documentation from the small business subcontractor. (2) The Contractor agrees to make such payments to its small business subcontractors without any further consideration from or fees charged to the subcontractor. (b) The acceleration of payments under this clause does not provide any new rights under the Prompt Payment Act. (c) Include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in all subcontracts with small business concerns, including subcontracts with small business concerns for the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services. (End of clause) Invoicing Processing Platform (IPP) - Treasury Electronic Invoicing System (May 2016) Payment requests must be submitted electronically through the U. S. Department of the Treasury"s Invoice Processing Platform System (IPP). "Payment request" means any request for contract financing payment or invoice payment by the Contractor. To constitute a proper invoice, the payment request must comply with the requirements identified in the applicable Prompt Payment clause included in the contract, or the clause 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services included in commercial item contracts. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov. Under this contract, the following documents are required to be submitted as an attachment to the IPP invoice: 1. Copy of vendor invoice document in PDF format, which shows pricing breakdown for all items being invoiced for and must include the contract number, date(s) of service (if applicable), date of invoice, and the vendor"s standard invoice letterhead. The Contractor must use the IPP website to register access and use IPP for submitting requests for payment. The Contractor Government Business Point of Contact (as listed in SAM) will receive enrollment instructions via email from the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston (FRBB) prior to the contract award date, but no more than 3 - 5 business days of the contract award date. Contractor assistance with enrollment can be obtained by contacting the IPP Production Helpdesk via email IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov or phone (866) 973-3131. If the Contractor is unable to comply with the requirement to use IPP for submitting invoices for payment, the Contractor must submit a waiver request in writing to the Contracting Officer with its proposal or quotation. (End of Local Clause) 1452.201-70 AUTHORITIES AND DELEGATIONS (Sep 2011) (REMOVE IF NOT APPLICABLE) (a) The Contracting Officer is the only individual authorized to enter into or terminate this contract, modify any term or condition of this contract, waive any requirement of this contract, or accept nonconforming work. (b) The Contracting Officer will designate a Contracting Officer"s Representative (COR) at time of award. The COR will be responsible for technical monitoring of the contractor"s performance and deliveries. The COR will be appointed in writing, and a copy of the appointment will be furnished to the Contractor. Changes to this delegation will be made by written changes to the existing appointment or by issuance of a new appointment. The COR for this contract will be: (c) The COR is not authorized to perform, formally or informally, any of the following actions: (1) Promise, award, agree to award, or execute any contract, contract modification, or notice of intent that changes or may change this contract; (2) Waive or agree to modification of the delivery schedule; (3) Make any final decision on any contract matter subject to the Disputes Clause; (4) Terminate, for any reason, the Contractor"s right to proceed; (5) Obligate in any way, the payment of money by the Government. (d) The Contractor shall comply with the written or oral direction of the Contracting Officer or authorized representative(s) acting within the scope and authority of the appointment memorandum. The Contractor need not proceed with direction that it considers to have been issued without proper authority. The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing, with as much detail as possible, when the COR has taken an action or has issued direction (written or oral) that the Contractor considers to exceed the COR¿s appointment, within 3 days of the occurrence. Unless otherwise provided in this contract, the Contractor assumes all costs, risks, liabilities, and consequences of performing any work it is directed to perform that falls within any of the categories defined in paragraph (c) prior to receipt of the Contracting Officer"s response issued under paragraph (e) of this clause. (e) The Contracting Officer shall respond in writing within 30 days to any notice made under paragraph (d) of this clause. A failure of the parties to agree upon the nature of a direction, or upon the contract action to be taken with respect thereto, shall be subject to the provisions of the Disputes clause of this contract. (f) The Contractor shall provide copies of all correspondence to the Contracting Officer and the COR. (g) Any action(s) taken by the Contractor, in response to any direction given by any person acting on behalf of the Government or any Government official other than the Contracting Officer or the COR acting within his or her appointment, shall be at the Contractor¿s risk. (End of Clause) 1452.228-70 Liability Insurance - Department of the Interior (Jul 1999) (a) The Contractor shall procure and maintain during the term of this contract and any extension thereof liability insurance in form satisfactory to the Contracting Officer by an insurance company which is acceptable to the Contracting Officer. The named insured parties under the policy shall be the Contractor and the United States of America. The amounts of the insurance shall be not less than as follows: $ 100,000 each person $ 500,000 each occurrence $ 100,000 property damage (b) Each policy shall have a certificate evidencing the insurance coverage. The insurance company shall provide an endorsement to notify the Contracting Officer 30 days prior to the effective date of cancellation or termination of the policy or certificate; or modification of the policy or certificate which may adversely affect the interest of the Government in such insurance. The certificate shall identify the contract number, the name and address of the Contracting Officer, as well as the insured, the policy number and a brief description of contract services to be performed. The contractor shall furnish the Contracting Officer with a copy of an acceptable insurance certificate prior to beginning the work. (End of Local Clause) Prohibition of All Terrain Vehicles (ATVs) (Jul 1996) The contractor is prohibited from utilizing All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV)s on National Park Service lands. ATV is defined as: A motorized off-highway vehicle (OHV) traveling on four or more low-pressure tires, having a seat to be straddled by the operator and a handlebar for steering control. Use of Utility Terrain Vehicles (UTVs) are permitted. UTV (also called a side-by-side) is defined as: A motorized OHV having four or more low pressure tires, designed with side-by-side seats, seatbelts, steering wheel, and optional cab, brush cage, or ROPS. (End of Local Clause) 52.237-1 Site Visit (Apr 1984) (a) Offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. (b) Please contact the contracting officer at matthew_frank@nps.gov to schedule a site visit. (xiv) N/A (xv) All quotes shall be received, via email to matthew_frank@nps.gov, no later than 17:00 Central, on 17 April 2026. Quotes shall be valid for 30 days. Include the solicitation number, 140P6226Q0002, in the email subject line. (xvi) All communication regarding this solicitation, including questions, requests for additional information, documentation, etc., shall be emailed to matthew_frank@nps.gov. Questions will NOT be answered via phone or text message

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/34b2a0b6fa0044e39adfeff4d48be102/view)