---
layout: default
title: 53--SCREW,CAP,SOCKET HE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 066ec223004548ce99ae3a043f9cf0ba
---

# 53--SCREW,CAP,SOCKET HE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 18:38:27.293-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QYA71

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N741.4|cp9|7712290413|lamar.r.crummel.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|6|x|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|COMBO||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|SEE SCHEDULE|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| MANDATORY USE OF WORKFLOW PRO (WFP) MOD ASSIST MODULE|1|| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2|X|| PROPOSED CONTRACT IS 100 Percent SET ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS. The item being procured has contractor Production Lot Testing. 1. WHEN SUBMITTING QUOTES, MAKE SURE YOU SPECIFY ANY EXCEPTIONS, I.E. MIL-STDPACKAGING, MIL-STD LABELING, INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE LOCATIONS, PACKAGINGHOUSES, SURPLUS MATERIAL, ETC. IF NO EXCEPTIONS ARE INDICATED OR RECEIVED,AWARD WILL BE BASED UPON SOLICITATION REQUIREMENTS. CHANGES OR REQUESTS FORCHANGES AFTER AWARD WILL HAVE CONSIDERATION COSTS DEDUCTED FROM UNIT PRICE. 2. IF SUPPLIES WILL BE PACKAGED AT A LOCATION DIFFERENT FROM THE OFFERORADDRESS, THE OFFEROR SHALL PROVIDE THE NAME, STREET ADDRESS AND CAGE CODE OFTHE PACKAGING FACILITY. 3. PLEASE DO NOT INCLUDE SHIPPING COSTS. SHIPPING/TRANPORTATION ASSITANCE WILL BE ACCORDANCE WITH WSSTERMFZ02. 4. SOURCE INSPECTION IS REQUIRED FOR THIS ITEM. PLEASE PROVIDE ANY ADDITIONALCOSTS ASSOCIATED WITH SOURCE INSPECTION INTO YOUR UNIT PRICE. 5. THE RESULTANT AWARD OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL BE ISSUED BILATERALLY, REQUIRING THE CONTRACTOR'S WRITTEN ACCEPTANCE PRIOR TO EXECUTION. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 ;This procurement specification contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for ;Screw, Socket Head Cap; for use on Navy submarines.; 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=8214192 |53711| A|VEN|D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-HDBK-57 | | |J |220921|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM A574 | | | |211201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |060519|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE-AS1177 | | |B |180301|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1684 | | |E |191206|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASME B18.3 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA= ISO 9001 | | | |150915|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO 10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS2750G | | | |220601|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |951103|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NCSL Z540.3 | | | |810724|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28/20B | | | |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=EIA-649C - 2/19 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=TECH PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010 |0271| | |140911|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Design and Manufacturing - The ;Screw, Socket Head Cap, Type II; furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material, heat treatment, physical, mechanical, test and inspection requirements as specified on Drawing 8214192 and all related notes including associated specifications listed in this procurement.; 3.1.1 ;The material shall be NI-CU-AL Alloy in accordance with QQ-N-286G or later, Form 1, 2 or 5 as specified on Drawing 8214192.; 3.2 ;Marking Requirements - The supplier shall permanently mark and identify each production lot unit ;Screw, Socket Head Cap; on the top surface with material symbol ?K?, manufacture's symbol and lot number in accordance with Drawing 8214192, Note 4 requirements.; 3.3 ;Notification - The supplier shall notify Naval Surface Warfare Center, Philadelphia Division, (NSWCPD), 5001 S. Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19112-1403 by email matthew.j.ogilvie.civ@us.navy.mil, Code 242MO after award of contract.; 3.3.1 ;The NSWCPD is the acceptance activity for the Contract Data Requirements List (DD1423) Data Items. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ;Acceptor; DODACC is ;N64498;.;

3.4 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.4.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.5 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 ;Inspection System - The Supplier's Quality Inspection System shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208 or ISO 9001 and NCSL Z540.3 or ISO 10012. The supplier shall develop and submit their written Quality Inspection and Test Plan as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the supplier's written Quality Inspection and Test Plan is required by the contract. CDRL: QUALITY INSPECTION & TEST PLAN per MIL-I-45208, NCSL Z540.3 and DI-QCIC-81110; 4.5 ;Finished Edges - Finished edges shall be in accordance with the applicable drawing requirements.; 4.6 ;Threads - Threads shall be inspected in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222 paragraph 4.4.; 4.7 ;Material Control - The supplier shall have an effective material control system that provides for certified quantitative mill or industrial laboratory reports of chemical and physical analysis by heat, lot or batch for raw material ordered production units. If the material is subsequently heat-treated, a certification of physical analysis, after heat treatment, is also required for each heat, lot or batch. Also, where the applicable material specification calls out (e.g. corrosion resistance test, macro-etch test, etc.,) these test results shall also be reported on the applicable mill or industrial laboratory report. The physical analysis shall establish the following properties for metallic part: Mechanical Properties (Ultimate Tensile Strength, Yield Strength, and Elongation) Susceptibility to Intergranular Cracking (Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test) and Hardness. ; 4.8 ;Production Lot.; 4.8.1 ;Finished Screw Inspection and Testing: a. The supplier shall dimensionally inspect 100% the production lot units and record the actual measurements of each dimension and feature including threads (and the major diameter for external threads) identified on Drawing 8214192 and Note 3.D. Threads shall be inspected 100% and results recorded as required by MIL-DTL-1222. b. The supplier, on a sample basis per MIL-DTL-1222 (Sampling Plan), shall perform the following Mechanical Properties Testing (destructive and nondestructive) 100% of the sample production lot units in accordance with Drawing 8214192, Notes 3.C, (1) thru (4) and MIL-DTL-1222 requirements, and record the actual test measurements for each test. (1) Destructive Testing: Tensile, Yield Stress and Wedge Tensile. (2) Nondestructive Testing: Hardness. c. Nondestructive Visual/Liquid Penetrant Inspection Testing - The supplier, on sample basis per MIL-DTL-1222 (Sampling Plan), shall visually inspect and perform liquid penetrant inspection testing on the sample production lot units (after heat treating) in accordance with Drawing 8214192 (Note 3.) and NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 requirements.; 4.8.2 ;Production Lot Testing/Inspection Report and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/ Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the completed production units ;Screw, Socket Head Cap; testing/inspection reports in compliance with the applicable Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), drawing, specifications and NAVSEA Technical Publication. the Production Lot Testing/Inspection report shall consist of ;Certified Mill Certification; Heat Treatment Certification; Certified Mechanical Properties Test Certification;Manufacturer Screw Operation Sheet (Threads Formed); Visual/Dimensional Inspection Report; NDT Visual/Liquid Penetrant Inspection Testing Report; NDT Visual/Penetrant Inspector Qualification Certification and Mercury Exclusion Certification; identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document, and as indicated on the Production Lot Test/Inspection (PLT) Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Govenrment approval of the production lot testing/inspection report is required prior to shipment of production lot units./CDRL: PRODUCTION LOT TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B; 4.9 ;Procedure.; 4.9.1 ;Nondestructive Testing (NDT) Liquid Penetrant Procedure - The supplier shall prepare and submit a written nondestructive testing procedure for Visual and Liquid Penetrant inspection testing in accordance with Drawing 8214192 and NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 requirements including current nondestructive test personnel qualifications as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of Visual and Liquid Penetrant Testing Procedure is required prior to commencemnet of production. CDRL: NDT VISUAL/LIQUID PENETRANT TESTING PROCEDURE per NAVSEA TECHNICAL PUBLICATION T9074-AS-GIB-010/271; 4.10 ;Production Lot Inspection/Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the production lot units, the inspection and test reports identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval is required prior to shipment of production units.; 4.11 ;Final Inspection and Acceptance - Final inspection and acceptance of production lots shall be made by the cognizant DCMA-QAR in conjuction with the Specific Government Inspection Instructions (SGIIs) furnished by NSWCPD. In addition to the normal DCMA surveillance, the production unit(s) shall be under the surveillance of NSWCPD Quality Assurance Specialist as required.; 4.12 ;Objective Quality Evidence Records - The supplier shall maintain Objective Quality Evidence Data (OQEDs) of raw material and finished parts. Records shall be traceable by drawing, heat, lot and contract number. All OQEDS shall be clearly legible including name and title. The supplier may provide exact (quality) photocopies of objective quality evidence records being delivered under this purchase order instead of originals.; 4.12.1 ;The supplier shall furnish a copy of the following OQEDs listed below and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423) for acceptance. The reports shall be correlated to the drawing, heat, lot and contract number. Supplier format is acceptable for the below listed CDRLs. a. Certified Quantitative Mill or Industrial Laboratory Certification (chemicalanalysis and susceptibility to intergranular cracking slow strain rate tensile test per QQ-N-286G). CDRL: CERTIFIED MILL CERTIFICATE per DI-MISC-82386 b. Heat Treatment Certification (finish screws) in accordance with Drawing 8214192, Note 3.A requirements. CDRL: HEAT TREATMENT CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386 c. Certified Mechanical Properties Test Certification (finished screws) for Tensile, Yield Stress and Wedge Tensile (Destructive) and Hardness (Nondestructive) per Drawing 8214192, Note 3.C, (1) thru (4) and MIL-DTL-1222 requirements. CDRL: CERTIFIED MECHANICAL PROPERTIES CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386 d. Manufacturer Screw Operation Sheet (Threads Formed) shall show the operation used for threads formed in accordance with Drawing 8214192, Note 3.A, including contract number, name of supplier, drawing number, drawing symbol of finished part, item nomenclature, inspector's acceptance signature revision letter, heat and lot number material symbol and manufacture's symbol of finished part, item nomenclature, signature and date. CDRL: MANUFACTURER SCREW OPERATION SHEET per DI-MISC-82386 e. Visual/Dimensional Inspection Reports shall show all the characteristics, the actual measurement results of each dimension and feature inspected including threads (also the major diameter for external threads), contract number, name of supplier, drawing number, drawing revision letter, heat and lot number, material symbol "k" and manufacturer's symbol of finished parts, item nomenclature, inspector's acceptance signature and date. CDRL: VISUAL/DIMENSIONAL INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B f. NDT Visual/Liquid Penetrant Inspection Testing Report shall be in accordance with Drawing 8214192 and NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 requirements. CDRL: NDT VISUAL/LIQUID PENETRAT INSPECTION TESTING REPORT per NAVSEA TECHNICALPUBLICATION T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 g. NDT Inspector Qualification Certification of personnel performing visual/ liquid penetrant nondestructive inspection testing in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271. CDRL: NDT VISUAL/KUQYUD PENETRANT INSPECTOR QUALIFICATION CERTIFICATION per NAVSEA TECH PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 h. Mercury Exclusion Certification (representing the contract units shipment). CDRL: MERCURY EXCLUSION CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. 6.2 ;EIA-649 is authorized to be used in lieu of MIL-STD-973.; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;;APPROVAL OF THE QUALITY INSPECTION PLAN BY NSWC PHILADELPHIA DIVISION IS REQUIRED PRIOR TO PRODUCTION.;; ;;NSWCPD IS THE ACCEPTANCE ACTIVITY FOR CDRL DATA ITEM A001. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ACCEPTOR DODACC IS "N64498".; ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;;VISUAL/LIQUID PENETRANT TESTING PROCEDURE SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH DRAWING 8214192 AND NAVSEA TECH PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271.;; ;;APPROVAL OF THE PROCEDURE BY NSWC PHILADELPHIA DIVISION IS REQUIRED PRIOR TO PRODUCTION.;; ;;NSWCPD IS THE ACCEPTANCE ACTIVITY FOR CDRL DATA ITEM A002. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ACCEPTOR DODACC IS "N64498".;; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;;SUPPLIER FORMAT IS ACCEPTABLE.;; ;;PLT REPORT SHALL CONSIST OF THE OQED RECORDS LISTED IN CONTRACT SECTION E: CERTIFIED MILL CERTIFICATION; HEAT TREATMENT CERT; CERTIFIED MECH PROPERTIES TEST CERT; MFR SCREW OPERATION SHT; VISUAL/DIMENSIONAL INSP RPT; NDT VISUAL/ LIQUID PENETRANT INSP TEST RPT; NDT VISUAL/LIQUID PENETRANT INSPECTOR QUAL & MERCURY EXCLUSION CERT.;; ;;APPROVAL OF THE REPORT BY NSWC PHILADELPHIA DIVISION IS REQUIRED PRIOR TO SHIPMENT OF PRODUCTION LOT UNITS.;; ;;NSWCPD IS THE ACCEPTANCE ACTIVITY FOR CDRL DATA ITEM A003. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ACCEPTOR DODACC IS "N64498".;;

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176056474
  - Email: LAMAR.R.CRUMMEL.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.4.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/066ec223004548ce99ae3a043f9cf0ba/view)