---
layout: default
title: This is a Combined Sources Sought/Notice of intent to acquire Semiconductor market research services
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 4c161bbba6074f43a6a85049b3c8d55a
---

# This is a Combined Sources Sought/Notice of intent to acquire Semiconductor market research services

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 09:22:42.589-04
- Solicitation Number: NB301000-26-01318

## Summary

Primary POC: Prateema Carvajal (prateema.carvajal@nist.gov) Secondary POC: Monica Brown (monica.brown@nst.gov) Title: Semiconductor market research service to provide data and markets in sectors relevant to the CRDO (CHIPS Research and Development (R&D) Office) and Open BAA (Broad Agency Announcement (BAA). – Combined Sources Sought/Notice of Intent to Sole Source BACKGROUND ***THIS IS A COMBINED SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE AND NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE*** The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) is seeking information from sources that may be capable of providing Semiconductor market research subscription for support of the Broad Agency Announcement (BAA). If no alternate sources are identified, the Government intends to issue a Sole Source Award to Markets and Markets Research Private Limited (Level 1 Tower B5, SEZ, Magarpatta City, HADAPSAR, Pune, Maharashtra 411013, India) under the authority of FAR 13.106-1(b). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 519290 Web Search. NIST has a need for a software subscription for Semiconductor market research services that will provide information on specific, niche markets as well as broader technological areas. The information needed included: total addressable markets, CAGR, geographic location, competitors, and trends. software subscription, an online tool that provides research and analytical data about global venture capital to assess the security risks (e.g., foreign investments, and foreign-owned shell companies) posed by applicants to the various CHIPS R&D programs for support of the Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) meets or exceeds the following draft salient technical characteristics: Granular Material-Level Segmentation: Unlike general technology firms (e.g., Gartner, IDC) that track end-use devices, Markets and Markets provides deep-dive quantification of the semiconductor packaging materials market, including specific data on organic substrates, bonding wires, encapsulation resins, and thermal interface materials (TIMs). This data is essential for assessing the domestic manufacturing capacity of "sub-tier" components in the U.S. supply chain. Techno-Commercial Ecosystem Mapping: platform that maps the convergence of 5G, AI, and Advanced Packaging. Their unique Ecosystem Analysis identifies not only major players but also the niche Tier 2 and Tier 3 suppliers critical for government industrial base assessments. Proprietary Patent & Trade Analysis: Markets and Markets integrates patent publication trends and trade (import/export) data directly into their semiconductor reports. This multi-dimensional data is required to evaluate the competitive standing of U.S. research programs against global adversaries. Micro-Market Forecasting: The program requires Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) data for emerging niche technologies like Fan-Out Wafer-Level Packaging (FOWLP) and High-Bandwidth Memory (HBM) materials. Other vendors typically aggregate these into broader "Computing" or "Memory" categories, rendering them insufficient for specific government R&D review. HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS NOTICE In responding to this notice, please DO NOT PROVIDE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Please include only the following information, readable in either Microsoft Word 365, Microsoft Excel 365, or .pdf format, in the response. Submit the response by email to the Primary Point of Contact and, if specified, to the Secondary Point of Contact listed at the bottom of this notice as soon as possible, and preferably before the closing date and time of this notice. Provide the complete name of your company, address, name of contact for follow-up questions, their email, their phone number and, if your company has an active registration in https://sam.gov, your company’s Unique Entity ID (UEI). Details about what your company is capable of providing that meets or exceeds NIST’s minimum requirements. Whether your company is an authorized reseller of the product or service being cited and evidence of such authorization. Identify any aspects of the description of the requirements in the BACKGROUND section above that could be viewed as unduly restrictive or create unnecessary barriers that adversely affect your firm’s ability to fully participate in a procurement for such services and explain why. Please offer suggestions for how the requirements could be organized or structured to encourage the participation of small businesses. For the NAICS code Indicate whether your company is (a) a small business or (b) other than small business. See the Table of Small Business Size Standards and the associated .pdf download file for small business size standards and additional information. If you believe the NAICS code listed in this notice is not the best NAICS code for the type of product addressed in this notice, identify an alternative NAICS code that you believe would be more appropriate for the planned procurement. If your firm has existing Federal Supply Schedule contract(s) or other contracts for products or services against which the Department may be able to place orders, identify the contract number(s) and other relevant information. Describe your firm’s experience (as a prime, subcontractor, or consultant) providing the products or services described in Background section. Provide any other information that you believe would be valuable for the Government to know as part of its market research for this requirement. Please let us know if you would like to engage to get a better understanding of the requirement or need additional information about the Government’s requirement for the products or services described in the Background section. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE Questions regarding this notice may be submitted via email to the Primary Point of Contact and the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice. Questions should be submitted so that they are received by 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time on April 27, 2026. Questions will be anonymized and answered via sources sought notice amendment following the question submission deadline. IMPORTANT NOTES The information received in response to this notice will be reviewed and considered so that the NIST may appropriately solicit for its requirements in the near future. This notice should not be construed as a commitment by the NIST to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. This notice is not a request for a quotation. Responses will not be considered as proposals or quotations. No award will be made as a result of this notice. NIST is not responsible for any costs incurred by the respondents to this notice. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and appropriate. Thank you for taking the time to submit a response to this request.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Prateema E. Carvajal
  - Email: prateema.carvajal@nist.gov
  - Phone: 3019754390
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Monica Brown
  - Email: monica.brown@nist.gov
  - Phone: 3019750642

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4c161bbba6074f43a6a85049b3c8d55a/view)