# Chouteau Newt Graham Mowing

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 14:41:40.6-05
- Solicitation Number: W912BV26QA042

## Summary

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Southwestern Division (SWD), Tulsa District (SWT) intends to issue a commercial solicitation, W912BV26QA042, for Mowing Services for Chouteau Newt-Graham, Fort Gibson Lake Office, Fort Gibson, Oklahoma. Solicitation for Mowing services at Chouteau and Newt Graham McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System Projects in Fort Gibson, Oklahoma. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Southwestern Division (SWD), Tulsa District (SWT) intends to issue a commercial contract from solicitation W912BV26QA042 for Mowing Services at the McClellan-Kerr Arkansas River Navigation System - Chouteau and Newt Graham PUA. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code is 561730. The resulting contract will be issued on a Firm-Fixed Price basis, to the responsible offeror whose quote is conforming to the requirements of the solicitation and will be most advantageous to the Government considering price, past performance, and conformance with sub-contracting regulations. The anticipated award date is on or about 30 March 2026. The solicitation will be issued via Internet on the PIEE website at https://piee.eb.mil/. It is the responsibility of the contractor to monitor the above-listed internet address for any posted changes. All amendments posted shall be signed and submitted with the quote. Quotes are anticipated to be due on or before 25 March 2026 by 2:00 PM Central Time (CST). Contractors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) at time of quote in order to receive a government contract award. SAM registration must also be active at time of award in order to receive a government contract award. SAM registrations shall remain active throughout contract performance to comply with the annual representations and certifications requirements. To register, the SAM.gov Internet address is: https://sam.gov/. Please NOTE this solicitation requires offerors to enter a National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) score in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS). The NIST score is a responsibility item. Those without a NIST score will be deemed NON-RESPONSIBLE and will not be eligible for award. PREVIOUS CONTRACT INFORMATION The Previous Contract Number was: W912BV21P0070 The total value of the previous contract (base and all options) was: $1,200,842.92 (Combined Fort Gibson and Chouteau and Newt Graham Mowing Contracts). This contract has been de-scoped and separated into two separate solicitations. The base contract was: $186,915.92. The Incumbent Contractor was Griffith Contracting LLC.QUESTIONS AND INQUIRIES BIDDERS INQUIRY Any questions and inquiries related to this solicitation shall be submitted through Bidder?s Inquiry. Please visit www.projnet.org to submit your inquiries. The Solicitation Number is: W912BV26QA042. The Bidder Inquiry Key is: HWE5JG-8CDSBP. The Bidder Inquiry System is anticipated to be unavailable for new inquiries after 2:00 p.m. on March 23, 2026 to ensure adequate time is allotted to form an appropriate response and amend the solicitation, if necessary. Clauses and provisions for Sustainability may be included in this solicitation: FAR 52.223-1 Biobased Product Certification FAR 52.223-2 Affirmative Procurement of Biobased Products Under Service And Construction Contracts FAR 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification FAR 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA Designated Items FAR 52.223-17 Affirmative Procurement of EPA-Designated Items in Service and Construction Contracts

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8207d5d6ca884185872cadb7342efe9d/view