---
layout: default
title: Coincident gamma ray detection system, Scintillation Detector,
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d22097328d194b609921e61ab5fc99e7
---

# Coincident gamma ray detection system, Scintillation Detector,

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-02 17:06:38.417-04
- Solicitation Number: NIST-SS26-CHIPS-100

## Summary

Title: Sources Sought Notice for Coincident gamma ray detection system, Scintillation Detector BACKGROUND The semiconductor supply chain is global, specialized, and interconnected. Chipmakers do business with thousands of individual suppliers that provide the highly complex materials and tools used to produce semiconductors. To address the lack of full visibility into the semiconductors markets supply chain and R&D ecosystem gaps NIST will conduct the measurement science, or metrology, critical to the development of new materials, packaging, and production methods in chip manufacturing.? NIST seeks to procure two scintillation detectors, one for gamma rays, the other for combined neutron/gamma, and their associated photomultiplier tubes. These detectors will be used in the neutron/gamma field generated by a portable neutron generator and the irradiated sample environment. They will produce prompt gamma spectrum using a portable neutron generator-based prompt gamma activation analysis (PGAA) for quantitative elemental determination in semiconductor bulk material. NIST seeks to establish coincidence detection system to minimize background gamma rays for improved signal to noise ratio and enhanced detection limit for critical elements in semiconductor material. In hopes to improve critical elements, especially light elements, such as H, B, N, in semiconductor material either intrinsic or added during manufacturing process can significantly affect the quality of the performance of the end product, in addition to metallic contaminants. PGAA is a unique non-destructive technique for quantitative analysis for these elements. PGAA is traditionally based on neutron beams from a nuclear reactor and therefore is less accessible to laboratory use. The proposed portable neutron generator-based PGAA, while 2 to 3 orders of magnitude lower in thermal neutron flux, can be suitable for elements of high capture cross sections, and through this project, demonstrate the potential for routine lab use that benefits the semiconductor industry. The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) is seeking information from sources that may be capable of providing a solution that will achieve the specifications described below: Line Item 0001: Description: CeBr3 Scintillation Detector (2x3) Quantity: 1 Technical Specifications SCIONIX Model 51B76_2M-E1-CEBR-NEG; 51 mm diameter, 76 mm high CeBr3 scintillation crystal mounted in an aluminum housing, optically coupled to a 51 mm diameter PMT, surrounded by solid mu metal shield and equipped with a built-in voltage divider prepared for negative HV bias. Connectors include High voltage: SHV, Signal: BNC (anode), BNC (8th Dynode). Line Item 0002: Description: CLYC Scintillation Detector (2x2) Quantity: 1 Technical Specifications SCIONIX Model 51B51/2M-E1-CLYC-NEG; 51 mm diameter, 51 mm high CLYC:Ce scintillation crystal mounted in an aluminum housing, optically coupled to a 51 mm diameter PMT, surrounded by solid mu metal shield and equipped with a built-in voltage divider prepared for negative HV bias. Connectors include High voltage: SHV, Signal: BNC (anode), BNC (8th Dynode). HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS NOTICE In responding to this notice, please DO NOT PROVIDE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Please include only the following information, readable in either Microsoft Word 365, Microsoft Excel 365, or .pdf format, in the response: Submit the response by email to the Primary Point of Contact and, if specified, to the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice as soon as possible, and preferably before the closing date and time of this notice. Please note that to be considered for award under any official solicitation, the entity must be registered and “active” in SAM at the time of solicitation response. Provide the complete name of your company, address, name of contact for follow-up questions, their email, their phone number and, if your company has an active registration in https://sam.gov, your company’s Unique Entity ID (UEI). Identify the equipment that your company sells that can meet the objectives addressed in the BACKGROUND section of this notice. For each product recommended to meet the Government’s requirement, provide the following: Manufacturer name Model number Technical specifications If your company is not the manufacturer, provide information on your company’s status as an authorized reseller of the product(s) Describe performance capabilities of the product(s) your company recommends to meet the Government’s requirements. Additionally, if there are other features or functions that you believe would assist NIST in meeting its objectives described above, please discuss in your response. Discuss whether the equipment that your company sells and which you describe in your response to this notice may be customized to specifications and indicate any limits to customization. Identify any aspects of the NIST market research notice, including instructions, and draft minimum specifications in the BACKGROUND section you cannot meet and state why. Please offer suggestions for how the market research notice and draft minimum specifications could be made more competitive. State whether the proposed equipment is manufactured in the United States and, if not, state the name of the country where the equipment is manufactured. Identify any plans/possibilities for changes in manufacturing location of the aforementioned equipment and provide relevant details, including timeline. For the NAICS code listed in this notice: Indicate whether your company is (a) a small business or (b) other than small business. See the Table of Small Business Size Standards and the associated .pdf download file for small business size standards and additional information. If you believe the NAICS code listed in this notice is not the best NAICS code for the type of product addressed in this notice, identify an alternative NAICS code that you believe would be more appropriate for the planned procurement. Describe services that are available with the purchase of the aforementioned equipment from your company such as installation, training, and equipment maintenance. Describe standard terms and conditions of sale offered by your company for the recommended equipment such as: delivery time after your company accepts the order; FOB shipping terms; manufacturer warranty (including details regarding nature and duration); if available, description(s) of available extended warranty; equipment setup and test; operator and service instruction manual(s); cleanup after installation; and if applicable, other offered services. Provide a copy of manufacturer standard terms and conditions that typically relate to the sale of the specified equipment, if available. State whether your company offers facility renovation services related to installation of the recommended equipment at its delivery destination, if required per the NIST-identified minimum specifications, and provide description of said services. Indicate if your company performs the facility renovation services or typically subcontracts the work to another company. Indicate if your company would be interested in inspecting the intended installation site during the market research phase. State published price, discount, or rebate arrangements for recommended equipment and/or provide link to access company’s published prices for equipment and services. If the recommended equipment and related services are available for purchase on any existing Federal Supply Schedule contract(s) or other contracts against which NIST may be able to place orders, identify the contract number(s) and other relevant information. Identify any customers in the public or private sectors to which you provided the recommended or similar equipment. Include customer(s) information: company name, phone number, point of contact, email address. Provide any other information that you believe would be valuable for NIST to know as part of its market research for this requirement. State if you require NIST to provide additional information to improve your understanding of the government’s requirement and/or would like to meet with NIST representatives to discuss the requirement and the capabilities of the identified equipment. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE Questions regarding this notice may be submitted via email to the Primary Point of Contact Junee Johnson junee.johnson@nist.gov listed in this notice. Questions should be submitted so that they are received 5 days prior to the response date. If the Contracting Officer determines that providing a written amendment to this notice to document question(s) received would benefit other potential respondents, the questions would be anonymized, and a written response to such question(s) would be provided via an amendment to this notice. IMPORTANT NOTES This notice is for market research purposes and should not be construed as a commitment by NIST to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. There is no solicitation available at this time. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s capability. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a synopsis and solicitation may be published on GSA’s eBuy or SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered an adequate response to any such solicitation(s). Thank you for taking the time to submit a response to this request.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Junee Johnson
  - Email: junee.johnson@nist.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d22097328d194b609921e61ab5fc99e7/view)