---
layout: default
title: Threat Systems Operations and Maintenance Support Services (TSOMIS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 566524ade4f54392a18cca459fceea80
---

# Threat Systems Operations and Maintenance Support Services (TSOMIS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-12 17:14:34.974-04
- Solicitation Number: W58SFN-FY27-TSOMISIII

## Summary

RFI Title: Threat Systems Operations and Maintenance Support Services (TSOMIS) Issuing Agency and Office: Capability Program Executive Simulation, Training, Testing, and Threat (CPE ST3), Product Lead Threat Systems Management Office (PL TSMO) ______________________________________________________________________

1.0 General Information This Request for Information (RFI) is for informational purposes only. The information in this notice is subject to change and is not binding on the United States Government (USG). This RFI does not constitute an Invitation to Bid or Request for Proposal and is not to be construed as a solicitation, and no award shall be made based on this notice. A negative response to this survey does not exclude any responder from any future solicitation. Responses in any form are not considered offers and the USG is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. There is no formal solicitation available at this time, no solicitation will be issued against this notice, and this RFI does not obligate the USG to issue solicitation. Funds are NOT available to pay for preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this RFI is strictly voluntary.

2.0 Background TSMO provides operationally realistic Electronic Warfare (EW), Electronic Attack (EA), Electronic Warfare Support (ES), and Cyberspace Operations (CO) training. A key priority within the TSMO Threat Operations portfolio is the delivery of Assured Positioning, Navigation, and Timing (PNT) capabilities to prepare military forces for the modern operational environment. Any future TSOMIS contract will focus on providing Operation and Maintenance (O&M)-related service support and is not intended for major systems development. This support is critical for the sustainment of the existing threat fleet and includes the operation of current and future test assets that range from Direction Finding (DF), Communications Jamming, Integrated Air Defense Systems (IADS), and various Radar Emissions. The TSOMIS provides an opposing ("RED") Commander at test and training events with the mission command structure for real-time responses in a "free play" environment, which is a significant advancement beyond scripted scenarios. TSMO provides a variety of training at all Combat Training Centers (CTCs) and White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, focusing on creating a realistic and challenging electromagnetic spectrum (EMS) and cyberspace environment for military personnel. TSMO's core mission is to provide validated and realistic EW and cyberspace operations representations for training, testing, and experimentation. This involves threat emulation, including jamming and the use of a Threat Battle Command Force (TBCF), and Red Teaming through a CYBERCOM accredited Red Team that portrays full-spectrum cyber threats against DoD systems. For additional context, please refer to the attached TSMO Threat Operation “Electronic Warfare In-Depth” Chart.

3.0 Requested Information TSMO is seeking responses from vendors who can provide the full range of capabilities and services described above. Please provide the following information:

3.1 Company Information Company/Entity Name Address Point of Contact Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Phone Number E-mail Address Web page URL Size of business pursuant to North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 541330. Based on the NAICS Code, state whether your company qualifies as: Small Business (Yes/No) Woman-Owned Small Business (Yes/No) Small Disadvantaged Business (Yes/No) 8(a) Certified (Yes/No) HUBZone Certified (Yes/No) Veteran-Owned Small Business (Yes/No) Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (Yes/No) Central Contractor Registration (Yes/No) Nontraditional Defense Contractor (Yes/No)

3.2 Teaming and Partnering Opportunities The Government recognizes that the scope of the requirements described in this RFI is broad and that a single vendor may not possess all the requisite capabilities and resources. Therefore, responses from companies interested in teaming arrangements as either a prime contractor or subcontractor are highly encouraged. Vendors who can fulfill a portion of the requirements are encouraged to respond and should clearly identify which specific areas of the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) their company can perform. To help facilitate potential partnerships, please include the following information in your response: Teaming Interest: State whether your company is primarily interested in being a Prime Contractor or a Subcontractor for this effort. Core Capabilities: Briefly describe the core capabilities your company would bring to a team. Potential Gaps: Identify any areas within the RFI's scope for which you would likely seek partners or subcontractors. Interest in Collaboration: Please indicate whether you authorize the Government to share your company name and point of contact with other RFI respondents to facilitate potential teaming arrangements. A list of interested parties will only be shared among respondents who provide this authorization.

3.3 Corporate Experience Describe your company's experience in providing O&M support for threat systems similar to those described in the scope. Detail your experience with Electronic Warfare (EW), Electronic Attack (EA), Electronic Warfare Support (ES), and Cyberspace Operations (CO). Describe your company's experience in providing training support at Combat Training Centers (CTCs) or similar environments.

3.4 Capability Describe your current capacity to provide O&M support for the described threat systems. Describe your experience with "free play" training environments and providing real-time responses. Describe your technical capabilities in threat emulation, including jamming, Direction Finding (DF), IADS, and Radar Emissions. Describe your capability to handle and store classified information and components. Describe your company's Red Team capabilities, including details on any accreditations (e.g., from CYBERCOM), the scope of your team's expertise, and your approach to simulating full-spectrum cyber threats against DoD systems.

3.5 Technical Approach Describe your technical approach to providing realistic threat emulation and creating a challenging electromagnetic spectrum (EMS) and cyberspace environment. Describe any innovative solutions, technologies, or operational concepts your company would recommend for the TSOMIS III program. Explain how these innovations would enhance the realism of the training environment, improve operational efficiency, or provide other specific benefits to the Government.

3.6 Supply Chain Management Provide information on your supply chain management for sourcing components and materials for O&M activities.

4.0 TSOMIS Security Information Interested firms must have a Facility Security clearance at the Top-Secret level and be able to safeguard the classified information/material at the Secret Level at the Contractor Facility.

5.0 Instructions for Responses All interested firms, regardless of size, may respond to this RFI. Responses must be submitted electronically in one of the following searchable formats: Microsoft Word 2016 (or later), Microsoft Excel 2016 (or later), or Adobe Acrobat. The maximum size for each e-mail message is 10 megabytes. Responses are limited to 10 pages, and the page size must be 8 x 11-inch. The page limit does not include the cover page and table of contents. Submissions must use a Times New Roman font size of 12 with 1-inch margins. You may send multiple e-mails if necessary. All proprietary information must be clearly marked. If your response contains proprietary information, the cover page must include the statement "PROPRIETARY INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN" in all capital letters. Additionally, you must provide a release statement authorizing the distribution of proprietary information to TSMO personnel involved with this RFI. To submit proprietary or sensitive information, please request a DoD SAFE link from the Point of Contact listed below. The e-mail subject line shall be” “TSOMIS III RFI Response – [Responders Name]”. All responses shall be received by the USG no later than 10:00am Eastern Standard Time, 13 April 2026. Submit electronic responses to terrence.l.watkins2.civ@army.mil and benvinda.m.oliveira.civ@army.mil . Do not submit responses via System for Award Management (SAM). Responses that contain Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) shall be sent by DoD SAFE to the e-mail address above. All responses must be Unclassified.

6.0 Government Points of Contact Terrence L. Watkins, Contract Specialist, terrence.l.watkins2.civ@army.mil Benvinda M. Oliveira, Contracting Officer, benvinda.m.oliveira.civ@army.mil

7.0 Disclaimer Participation in this effort is strictly voluntary with no obligation incurred by the USG. The USG will not reimburse contractors for any cost incurred for participation in responding to this RFI. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the USG. Since this is not a solicitation for proposals, respondents WILL NOT be notified regarding information obtained related to this RFI. Responses will not be returned nor will detailed feedback be made available. Proprietary Information. The USG acknowledges its obligations under the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and 18 United States Code (U.S.C.) §1905 to protect confidential information provided to the USG. Pursuant to this statute, the USG is willing to accept any trade secrets or proprietary restrictions placed upon data presented in response to this survey and to protect such information from unauthorized disclosure, subject to the following: Data must be clearly marked PROPRIETARY and be accompanied by an explanatory text so that the USG is clearly notified on what data is proprietary. Mark only data that is truly PROPRIETARY. Do not mark data that is already in the public domain or is already in possession of the USG or third parties on an unrestricted basis. Do not submit any classified data in response to this market survey. Proprietary data transmitted electronically must have the PROPRIETARY legend on both the cover of the transmittal e-mail as well as at the beginning of the file. Proprietary information contained within the correspondence shall use the legends: “PROPRIETARY PORTION BEGINS” and “PROPRIETARY PORTION ENDS.” The USG is not responsible for the public disclosure of unmarked data received in response to this RFI. Accordingly, the respondent shall ensure that data provided in response to this RFI shall be appropriately marked (i.e. proprietary) to ensure proper USG handling of the data. Additionally, marked data that is already in the public domain or in the possession of the Government or third parties, or is afterward placed into the public domain by the owner or another party through no fault of the Government, will not be protected once in the public domain. Data already in the possession of the USG will be protected in accordance with the USG’s rights in the data. Should the USG need to reproduce the protected data for distribution purposes between USG offices, all such data shall be reproduced with restrictive legends in place. The Government may employ AI as a tool to assist in the analysis and review of RFI submissions. AI tools may be used to support tasks such as summarizing content, and highlighting areas of potential strength, weakness, or risk. The Government retains sole responsibility for all inherently governmental functions and will not delegate decision making authority to any AI tool. USG support contractors may assist in reviewing RFI submissions. Acronyms List APNT/S CFT: Assured Positioning, Navigation, and Timing/Space Cross Functional Team ATEC: U.S. Army Test and Evaluation Command CET: Cyberspace Operations Emitters and Transmitters CO: Cyberspace Operations CTC: Combat Training Center DEVCOM DAC: Combat Capabilities Development Command Data Analysis Center DF: Direction Finding EA: Electronic Attack EMS: Electromagnetic Spectrum ES: Electronic Warfare Support ET: Electronic Transmitters EW: Electronic Warfare HQDA: Army Headquarters IADS: Integrated Air Defense Systems J&A: Justification and Approval O&M: Operation and Maintenance PNT: Positioning, Navigation, and Timing RFI: Request for Information RFP: Request for Proposal TBCF: Threat Battle Command Force TSMO: Threat Systems Management Office USG: United States Government USSTRATCOM: U.S. Strategic Command

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Terrence Watkins
  - Email: terrence.l.watkins2.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Benvinda M. Oliveira
  - Email: benvinda.m.oliveira.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/566524ade4f54392a18cca459fceea80/view)