---
layout: default
title: FY24 MCON PROJECT P-859, CONSOLIDATED HEADQUARTERS PHASE II, U.S. NAVSUPPACT, MCB GUAM
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 475e3c19c68841d686df80e14574ae76
---

# FY24 MCON PROJECT P-859, CONSOLIDATED HEADQUARTERS PHASE II, U.S. NAVSUPPACT, MCB GUAM

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 20:20:40.002-04
- Solicitation Number: N6274226R1304

## Summary

The work for this project includes, but is not limited to, the construction of a secure Phase 2 space within the existing J-301 Consolidated Headquarters project at Naval Support Activity (NAVSUPPACT) Marine Corps Base (MCB), Guam. The Phase 2 space includes architectural, fire protection, electrical, telecommunications, HVAC and collateral equipment. The magnitude of this project is estimated between $10,000,000 and $25,000,000. THE NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE IS 236220 AND AVERAGE ANNUAL RECEIPTS OF $45 MILLION OVER THE PAST THREE YEARS. The contract completion period is anticipated to be 423 calendar days. A sources sought notice (N62742P859) for this procurement was posted on 9 May 2025 on the System for Award Management (SAM) website https://www.sam.gov/, and a market survey was conducted that included an assessment of relevant qualifications and capabilities of potentially qualified firms. As a result of the market research analysis, a determination was made to solicit this procurement on an unrestricted basis inviting full and open competition. The award of the contract will be to a U.S. prime contractor with U.S. subcontractor and supplier firms. All employees working on the project shall be U.S. citizens or U.S. persons (i.e., an individual who has been lawfully admitted for permanent residence as defined in 8 U.S.C. § 1101 (a)(20) or who is a protected individual as defined by Title 8 U.S.C. § 1324b (a)(3)). Contract award will be made to the responsible offeror whose offer, conforming to the solicitation, is determined to be the lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting the acceptability standards for the technical factors. The technical factors are as follows: (1) Experience, (2) Past Performance, and (3) Safety. The Request for Proposal (RFP) will be available on or around 15 April 2026. Printed copies of the RFP will not be issued. The RFP, including the specifications and drawings, will only be released to U.S. Citizens of U.S. Companies that have been vetted as eligible. To determine eligibility for receipt of RFP documents, each interested firm shall complete and submit a (1) Certification of U.S. Company, (2) Certification of U.S. Citizen, and (3) Authorized Use and Non-Disclosure Agreement, Attachments (1-3). All sources, whether prime Offerors or subcontractors at all tiers, must certify that it is a U.S. Company. All individuals of the approved U.S. Companies requiring access to the RFP documents shall complete and submit a Certification of U.S. Citizen, attachment (2), along with proof of U.S. citizenship and a signed Non-Disclosure Agreement, attachment (3). A list of acceptable documents for proof of U.S. citizenship is provided in attachment (2). The RFP, including the specifications and drawings, will be available on the SAM.gov web site. Interested contractors/subcontractors/suppliers must have an active SAM.gov registration to request explicit access to obtain the RFP documents. IMPORTANT NOTE: All interested contractors/subcontractors/suppliers must FIRST submit the attached vetting forms and receive confirmation from the Contracting Office of being vetted as eligible to view and/or download the RFP documents prior to requesting explicit access. Vetting of forms may take up to 45 calendar days. Therefore, vetting forms should be submitted immediately to Ms. Jacqueline Sivongxay at jacqueline.y.sivongxay.civ@us.navy.mil. All eligible U.S. firms/citizens will receive a SAM.gov email when the Contracting Office has approved or declined the request for explicit access. Amendments will also be posted at https://sam.gov/. It will be the offeror’s responsibility to check the SAM website periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. Offerors are required to be registered in the SAM database at https://www.sam.gov and vetted as eligible at the time of proposal submission. A one-time pre-proposal site visit will be scheduled and further information will be provided within the RFP. The pre-proposal site visit is to provide Offerors with an opportunity to familiarize themselves with the jobsite and conditions to be encountered and is not for the purpose of answering questions. Attendees shall be limited to individuals that have been previously vetted as eligible via the U.S. Citizen/Company approval process described above. Additionally, the vetted individuals interested in attending the site visit will be required to submit the following applicable forms, which will be included within the RFP, to Jacqueline Sivongxay at jacqueline.y.sivongxay.civ@us.navy.mil within 14 calendar days of issuance of the RFP. Photography will NOT be allowed. The following site visit forms will be provided within the RFP: 1. MCBCB VCC Base Access Request Forms Base Access Request Memorandum Company Letterhead Template * Note: Also included are the Cover Sheet Requirements for MCBCB Base Access Requests and Frequently Asked Questions 2. SECNAV 5512/1 Form 3. Naval Base Guam Foreign National Base Access Request Form 4. FN Biometric Data 5. New Application Requirements 6. VCC Hours of Operations. (1) Current DBIDS. If an interested attendee has current DBIDS credentials for the specific base where the project is located (for MCBCB, DBIDS issued by MCBCB VCC), submit the following: a. MCBCB VCC BASE ACCESS REQUEST FORMS: Please ensure to read through the Cover Sheet Requirements for MCBCB Base Access Requests and Frequently Asked Questions. Provide the completed Base Access Request, Memorandum, and Company Letterhead Template (Government to complete the Sponsor information). Company Letterhead Template: One letter required per company. List attendees in alphabetical order (by last name) and indicate each attendees’ NCAC number. Must be signed by a person authorized to provide the certification required. The completed MCBCB VCC Base Access Request Forms will be returned once approved. The MCBCB VCC Base Access Request Forms may be emailed to the MCBCB VCC at mcb_camp_blaz_vcc@usmc.mil. Attendees should carry a printed copy of all approved documents during the site visit. (2) No DBIDS Credentials (including DBIDS for other locations or issued by other than MCBCB VCC). Submit the following: a. MCBCB VCC BASE ACCESS REQUEST FORMS: Please ensure to read through the Cover Sheet Requirements for MCBCB Base Access Requests and Frequently Asked Questions. Provide the completed Base Access Request, Memorandum, and Company Letterhead Template (Government to complete the Sponsor information). Company Letterhead Template: One letter required per company. List attendees in alphabetical order (by last name) and indicate each attendees’ NCAC number. Must be signed by a person authorized to provide the certification required. b. SECNAV 5512/1 FORM: Each attendee shall read, complete, and sign/date form. Typewritten is preferred. Any handwritten forms MUST be legible. Do not submit the SECNAV 5512/1 form to the Government. The Contractor is responsible for either hand-carrying or emailing this document to the MCBCB VCC along with any other pertinent document listed in this subparagraph. c. NAVAL BASE GUAM FOREIGN NATIONAL BASE ACCESS REQUEST FORM (Applicable to foreign nationals only). Each attendee please read and complete. d. FN BIOMETRIC DATA FORM (Applicable to foreign nationals only): Each attendee please read and complete. Upon review by the Government, the completed MCBCB VCC Base Access Request Forms will be returned to the company point of contact. Each attendee without MCBCB DBIDS credentials will have to present the completed forms in person to the MCBCB VCC to get photographed and fingerprinted. If submitting three or less requests, the documents may be emailed to the MCBCB VCC at mcb_camp_blaz_vcc@usmc.mil. The processing of the forms by VCC may take 30 days, therefore, it is the attendees’ responsibility to ensure sufficient time is allowed prior to the date of the site visit. Do NOT expect VCC to expeditiously process the forms. Attendees should carry a printed copy of all approved documents during the site visit. PLEASE BE INFORMED: Sufficient processing time is required. Consequently, if submission of forms is received after the specified due date and time, attendees may not be approved to attend the site visit. The furnishing of the above information, including your Social Security Number, is voluntary. However, your failure to furnish all or part of the information request may result in the Government's denial of access to the jobsite. Any of the above information furnished by you and protected under the Privacy Act shall not be released unless permitted by law and/or you have consented to such release. Due to limited parking, it is recommended that contractors carpool. Also, as the project site is an active construction site, ALL ATTENDEES MUST WEAR PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT (I.E., HARD HAT, REFLECTIVE VEST, PROTECTIVE GLASSES, AND HARD SOLE, STEEL TOED BOOTS).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jacqueline Sivongxay
  - Email: jacqueline.y.sivongxay.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 808-603-4464
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Hue
  - Email: jennifer.m.hue.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 8086026755

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , along with proof of U.S. citizenship and a signed Non-Disclosure Agreement, attachment (3). A list of acceptable documents for proof of U.S. citizenship is provided in attachment (2). The RFP, including the specifications and drawings, will be available on the SAM.gov web site. Interested contractors/subcontractors/suppliers must have an active SAM.gov registration to request explicit access to obtain the RFP documents. IMPORTANT NOTE: All interested contractors/subcontractors/suppliers must FIRST submit the attached vetting forms and receive confirmation from the Contracting Office of being vetted as eligible to view and/or download the RFP documents prior to requesting explicit access. Vetting of forms may take up to 45 calendar days. Therefore, vetting forms should be submitted immediately to Ms. Jacqueline Sivongxay at jacqueline.y.sivongxay.civ@us.navy.mil. All eligible U.S. firms/citizens will receive a SAM.gov email when the Contracting Office has approved or declined the request for explicit access. Amendments will also be posted at https://sam.gov/. It will be the offeror’s responsibility to check the SAM website periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. Offerors are required to be registered in the SAM database at https://www.sam.gov and vetted as eligible at the time of proposal submission. A one-time pre-proposal site visit will be scheduled and further information will be provided within the RFP. The pre-proposal site visit is to provide Offerors with an opportunity to familiarize themselves with the jobsite and conditions to be encountered and is not for the purpose of answering questions. Attendees shall be limited to individuals that have been previously vetted as eligible via the U.S. Citizen/Company approval process described above. Additionally, the vetted individuals interested in attending the site visit will be required to submit the following applicable forms, which will be included within the RFP, to Jacqueline Sivongxay at jacqueline.y.sivongxay.civ@us.navy.mil within 14 calendar days of issuance of the RFP. Photography will NOT be allowed. The following site visit forms will be provided within the RFP: 1. MCBCB VCC Base Access Request Forms Base Access Request Memorandum Company Letterhead Template * Note: Also included are the Cover Sheet Requirements for MCBCB Base Access Requests and Frequently Asked Questions 2. SECNAV 5512/1 Form 3. Naval Base Guam Foreign National Base Access Request Form 4. FN Biometric Data 5. New Application Requirements 6. VCC Hours of Operations. (1) Current DBIDS. If an interested attendee has current DBIDS credentials for the specific base where the project is located (for MCBCB, DBIDS issued by MCBCB VCC), submit the following: a. MCBCB VCC BASE ACCESS REQUEST FORMS: Please ensure to read through the Cover Sheet Requirements for MCBCB Base Access Requests and Frequently Asked Questions. Provide the completed Base Access Request, Memorandum, and Company Letterhead Template (Government to complete the Sponsor information). Company Letterhead Template: One letter required per company. List attendees in alphabetical order (by last name) and indicate each attendees’ NCAC number. Must be signed by a person authorized to provide the certification required. The completed MCBCB VCC Base Access Request Forms will be returned once approved. The MCBCB VCC Base Access Request Forms may be emailed to the MCBCB VCC at mcb_camp_blaz_vcc@usmc.mil. Attendees should carry a printed copy of all approved documents during the site visit. (2) No DBIDS Credentials (including DBIDS for other locations or issued by other than MCBCB VCC). Submit the following: a. MCBCB VCC BASE ACCESS REQUEST FORMS: Please ensure to read through the Cover Sheet Requirements for MCBCB Base Access Requests and Frequently Asked Questions. Provide the completed Base Access Request, Memorandum, and Company Letterhead Template (Government to complete the Sponsor information). Company Letterhead Template: One letter required per company. List attendees in alphabetical order (by last name) and indicate each attendees’ NCAC number. Must be signed by a person authorized to provide the certification required. b. SECNAV 5512/1 FORM: Each attendee shall read, complete, and sign/date form. Typewritten is preferred. Any handwritten forms MUST be legible. Do not submit the SECNAV 5512/1 form to the Government. The Contractor is responsible for either hand-carrying or emailing this document to the MCBCB VCC along with any other pertinent document listed in this subparagraph. c. NAVAL BASE GUAM FOREIGN NATIONAL BASE ACCESS REQUEST FORM (Applicable to foreign nationals only). Each attendee please read and complete. d. FN BIOMETRIC DATA FORM (Applicable to foreign nationals only): Each attendee please read and complete. Upon review by the Government, the completed MCBCB VCC Base Access Request Forms will be returned to the company point of contact. Each attendee without MCBCB DBIDS credentials will have to present the completed forms in person to the MCBCB VCC to get photographed and fingerprinted. If submitting three or less requests, the documents may be emailed to the MCBCB VCC at mcb_camp_blaz_vcc@usmc.mil. The processing of the forms by VCC may take 30 days, therefore, it is the attendees’ responsibility to ensure sufficient time is allowed prior to the date of the site visit. Do NOT expect VCC to expeditiously process the forms. Attendees should carry a printed copy of all approved documents during the site visit. PLEASE BE INFORMED: Sufficient processing time is required. Consequently, if submission of forms is received after the specified due date and time, attendees may not be approved to attend the site visit. The furnishing of the above information, including your Social Security Number, is voluntary. However, your failure to furnish all or part of the information request may result in the Government"s denial of access to the jobsite. Any of the above information furnished by you and protected under the Privacy Act shall not be released unless permitted by law and/or you have consented to such release. Due to limited parking, it is recommended that contractors carpool. Also, as the project site is an active construction site, ALL ATTENDEES MUST WEAR PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT (I.E., HARD HAT, REFLECTIVE VEST, PROTECTIVE GLASSES, AND HARD SOLE, STEEL TOED BOOTS)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/475e3c19c68841d686df80e14574ae76/view)