---
layout: default
title: Atlanta Firing Range Services
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 6b1143c48f5a4ed28dee9f51af9c63a7
---

# Atlanta Firing Range Services

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 11:23:21.784-04
- Solicitation Number: 70T05026Q6115N003

## Summary

In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 4.1102 quoters are required to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at the time an offer or quotation is submitted. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 70T05026Q6115N003. The solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 This acquisition is issued on an unrestricted basis. The associated NAICS code is 713990 with a small business size standard of $9.0 M. List of Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs), items, quantities, and units of measure: See Attached SF-1449 Description of requirements for the items to be acquired: Use/rental of an existing/established firing range. See attached Statement of Work for specific requirements for an acceptable firing range. Delivery, acceptance, and FOB point are at the contractor's facility. The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial applies to this acquisition. Please see addenda to the provision. The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Services applies to the solicitation. Please see addenda to the provision. The evaluation procedures to be used are as follows: Award will be made using the lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA) selection process. Award may be made on initial quotations. Therefore, each initial quote should contain the quoter's best terms from a technical and price standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to contact quoters if it is later determined by the contracting officer to be necessary or in the government's best interests. The LPTA process will proceed as follows: Quotes may be removed from consideration for, but not limited to, the following reasons: Quotes that are not received timely Quotes that fail to follow the instructions in FAR Provision 52.212-1 Quotes that fail to submit ALL required documentation/provisions Quotes that do not provide completed pricing table Quotes that have language inconsistent with the terms and conditions set forth in the solicitation Quotes will be ordered by price from lowest to highest. The Government will then review Factor 1 of the lowest priced quote. If the review finds that Factor 1 of the lowest priced quote is acceptable, the Government will then evaluate Factor 2 of the lowest priced quote. If the review finds that Factor 2 of the lowest priced quote is acceptable, that quote represents the best value to the Government and the technical evaluation process stops at this point. Contingent upon a subsequent determination of price reasonableness (Factor 3) and of contractor responsibility by the Contracting Officer, an award will be made to that quoter without further consideration of any other quoters. If the lowest quote is determined not to be acceptable for any reason, then the next lowest priced quote will receive an evaluation as described above. The process will continue in order by price until a quote from a responsible contractor is determined to be acceptable and priced fairly and reasonably. USING THIS PROCEDURE, THE GOVERNMENT MAY NOT EVALUATE ALL QUOTES. (e) Each Factor will be evaluated as follows: Factor 1. Technical Acceptability Technical Acceptability will be rated on an "acceptable" or "unacceptable" basis as follows: Acceptable - The quoted range meets all technical criterion stated in the Statement of Work. Unacceptable - The quoted range does not meet all technical criterion stated in the Statement of Work. Factor 2. Past Performance Past performance will be rated on an "acceptable" or "unacceptable" basis as follows: Acceptable - Based on the quoter's performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the quoter will successfully perform the required effort, or the quoter's performance record is unknown. (See note below.) Unacceptable - Based on the quoter's performance record, the Government has no reasonable expectation that the quoter will be able to successfully perform the required effort Note: In the case of a quoter without a record of relevant past performance, or for whom information on past performance is not available or so sparse that no meaningful past performance rating can be reasonably assigned, the quoter may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. Therefore, the quoter shall be determined to have unknown past performance. In the context of acceptability/unacceptability, "unknown" shall be considered "acceptable." Note: Quoters are not required or requested to submit past performance references. The Government will use public and Government-restricted sources (e.g. CPARS) to evaluate past performance. Factor 3. Price Price will not be rated. Price analysis will be conducted to determine reasonableness. Submission Requirements Completed Pricing schedule Acknowledgement of Statement of Work requirements Most recent Lead Testing results in accordance with OSHA Applicable fill in clauses and provisions (in terms and conditions section) Subcontractor Agreement if Applicable This is not a rated Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) order. All questions must be received no later March 30, 2026 must be submitted via email to the points of contact listed at 2:00 pm (noon) Eastern Time. For more information contact Delisa.Hawkins@tsa.dhs.gov. ---END OF 70T05026Q6115N003---

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Delisa Hawkins
  - Email: Delisa.Hawkins@tsa.dhs.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kurt Allen
  - Email: kurt.allen@tsa.dhs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6b1143c48f5a4ed28dee9f51af9c63a7/view)