---
layout: default
title: System Computer Upgrade for Zeiss Spinning Disk
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0f6aa19e71de4792a33fb0e8b2f32350
---

# System Computer Upgrade for Zeiss Spinning Disk

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 17:27:17.279-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00143

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation number is 75N98026Q00143 and is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The solicitation/contract will include all applicable provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. The North American Industry Classification (NAICS) Code is 334111 and the business size standard is 1250e. However, this solicitation is not set aside for totally small business. This acquisition is being conducted using Simplified Acquisition Procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13. The National Institutes of Health (NIH), Office of the Director intends to contract on a sole source basis with Carl Zeiss Microscopy – One North Broadway – White Plains NY 10601 to procure a System computer upgrade configuration for the Carl Zeiss’s Spinning Disk as follows: 1. Product ID: 410203-9914-000 - Microscopy Workstation Premium (HPZ8G5) – Qty (1) PC 2. Product ID: 000000-2615-592 - SysConf4 HP Z8 G5 Win10 LTSC 2021 LS 7 – Qty (1) PC 3. Product ID: 410330-1100-000 - Prozessor Intel Xeon W5-3425 (HPZ8G5) – Qty (1) PC 4. Product ID: 410303-3206-000 - Memory 32GB (1x32) DDR5 4800 (HPZ8G5) – Qty (1) PC 5. Product ID: 410331-2800-000- Graphics Card NVIDIA RTX A4000 16 GB DP – Qty (1) PC 6. Product ID: 410380-0200-000- Language pack English US – Qty (1) EA – Qty (1) PC 7. Product ID: 410358-0505-000 - Network Adapter 2 x 10GbE RJ45 (HPZ8G5 – Qty (1) PC 8. Product ID: 410361-1000-000 - Adapter USB-4x RS232 EX-1334V – Qty (1) PC 9. Product ID: 410324-1004-000 - SSD 4TB M.2 NVMe (HPZ8G5) – Qty (1) PC 10. Product ID: 400100-9021-000 - Trigger board µCon HS (PCI xPress) – Qty (1) PC 11. Product ID: 432927-9041-000 - Signal splitter box Rev2 f/Trigger-Board – Qty (1) PC 12. Product ID: 410135-1003-320 - ZEN 3.2 system – Qty (1) PC 13. Product ID: 410136-1025-110 - ZEN Module Tiles / Positions – Qty (1) PC 14. Product ID: 410136-1022-110 - ZEN Module Experiment Designer – Qty (1) PC 15. Product ID: 410136-0046-370 - SW ZEN Driver Roper PVCAM Camera DLic – Qty (1) PC 16. Product ID: 410136-0060-370 - SW ZEN Driver PCO Camera DLic – Qty (1) PC 17. Product ID: 410136-1019-110 - ZEN Module Physiology – Qty (1) PC 18. Product ID: 419991-9999-027 – Change AV to ZEN - Qty (1) EA 19. Installation – Qty (1) Charge Delivery Date: 6-8 weeks after receipt of order Delivery to NIH Main Campus, Bethesda, MD 20892. This acquisition is for a pre-configured, certified workstation required to operate the Zeiss Spinning Disk Confocal System. The current legacy computer is out of compliance with NIH security standards. Because it can no longer support the necessary security patches and protocols, it represents a vulnerability to the NIH network. Upgrading to a Windows 10 LTSC 2021 system is a non-negotiable requirement for continued network connectivity and data storage. Proprietary Technical Integration: The Spinning Disk system relies on a complex suite of Zeissproprietary software, drivers, and internal hardware controllers. These components are specifically engineered to interface with the microscope’s hardware. Operational Integrity: Only an OEM-certified system from Zeiss can guarantee the seamless integration of the drivers and controllers necessary to operate the spinning disk unit, motorized stage, and highspeed cameras. Carl Zeiss Microscopy, LLC. is the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and holds the exclusive proprietary rights to the software and hardware controllers required for the Spinning Disk confocal system. There are no third-party authorized resellers or service providers capable of performing the integrated Windows 10 LTSC 2021 upgrade and system re-calibration required by NIH. The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under authority of the 41 U.S.C. 253(c) (1), FAR 6.302. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive quotations. The provision of FAR Clause 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision of FAR clause 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications -Commercial Items, with its offer. The offeror must include their Unique Entity ID (UEI), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. Other applicable clauses for this acquisition. 52.203-17 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements—Representation 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 - Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions—Representations and Certifications 52.244-6 - Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Service The clauses are available in full text at http://www.acquisition.gov/far/. Interested vendors capable of furnishing the government with the items specified in this synopsis should submit a copy of their quotation via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov. Responses to this solicitation must include enough information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities of providing all services and or products needed as per this solicitation. Responses must be comprised of descriptive literature, warranties, delivery timeframe and/or other information that demonstrates that the offer meets all the foregoing requirements. Quotations will be due on April 6, 2026, before 9:00 am eastern daylight time via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov. Attn: Tina Robinson. The quotation must reference “Solicitation number 75N98026Q00143. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by the agency. Any questions must be sent via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov and must include solicitation# 75N98026Q00143 in the subject line of email. Note: In order to receive an award, contractors must maintain an active SAM registration for all awards throughout the entire contract/order lifecycle, from offer submission to final payment. Failure to maintain an active SAM registration can jeopardize the award or result in non-payment. Lack of valid registration in SAM will make an offeror ineligible for award. Note: “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations, including 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals— Representation, and paragraph (t) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Agencies will not consider or use these representations. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ROBINSON, TINA
  - Email: robinsti@mail.nih.gov
  - Phone: 13014437796

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0f6aa19e71de4792a33fb0e8b2f32350/view)