---
layout: default
title: Fitness Equipment
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 23a2e509be5e4fabb2cc2e7dfce66857
---

# Fitness Equipment

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 17:34:34.779-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S7T26QA003

## Summary

Addendum to 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial, is applicable. A successful offeror will address all items within the addenda of this provision. The addendum for this provision is as follows: NOTICE TO VENDORS -- MULTIPLE POSTING PLATFORMS This requirement is being solicited as a competitive acquisition. This Request for Quotation (RFQ) is posted to SAM.gov and GSA eBuy to maximize competition. Vendors responding to either platform shall submit quotations in accordance with the instructions contained in this RFQ. All quotations received in response to this RFQ, whether submitted via SAM.gov or GSA eBuy, will be evaluated together as part of a single competition. The Government intends to make a single award to the responsible vendor whose quotation represents the best value to the Government. This is a solicitation for commercial fitness equipment - to include trade-in equipment credits for specified equipment. Quotations for "equal" products in CLINs 0001 thru 0011 that fail to provide sufficient technical documentation to demonstrate compliance with all stated salient characteristics will be considered technically unacceptable and will not be considered for award. Salient characteristics describe functional performance requirements and are not intended to restrict competition to a single manufacturer. Trade-in credit shall be reflected as a reduction to the total evaluated price. No separate payment or reimbursement shall be made to the Government. Winning contractor will remove trade-in equipment from installation at no additional cost to the Government. Removal of trade-in equipment shall include disconnection, removal from the facility, and haul-away, and shall be performed without additional cost to the Government. The contractor's removal/delivery vehicle must be equipped with a lift-gate. To maximum extent, requested equipment shall be certified pre-owned equipment with a one (1) year parts warranty. Certified Pre-Owned (CPO) Fitness Equipment means previously owned commercial fitness equipment that has been professionally inspected, refurbished, and certified for resale by the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) or a qualified commercial fitness equipment dealer or refurbisher. Equipment shall be fully functional, structurally sound, safe for commercial use, and refurbished using OEM or OEM-equivalent replacement parts as necessary. Minor cosmetic wear consistent with prior commercial use is acceptable; however, equipment must be free of excessive corrosion, cracks, or structural damage and suitable for installation in a Government fitness facility. CPO equipment shall be delivered with a minimum one (1) year parts warranty covering normal commercial use, beginning upon Government acceptance. Certification does not require participation in a proprietary manufacturer program, provided all stated requirements are met. Certification documentation shall be provided with the quotation or prior to delivery, as requested by the Contracting Officer. Site Visit: Optional Site visit will be held on 22 Apr 2026 at 0900 Central Standard Time (CST) and may be attended by contractor. Period of Performance (PoP): The Period of Performance shall be 90 days After Receipt of Order (ARO). FOB Destination. 1) Responders shall include all documents and information requested submitted in accordance with the instructions therein. 2) Quotations shall be submitted prior to the closing date and time listed below. All quotations shall be emailed to 1st Lt Nicholas Marzinzik at nicholas.marzinzik@us.af.mil and Mr. Jason Shallenberger at jason.shallenberger@us.af.mil. 3) All questions shall be submitted by 7 May 2026 at 1600 CST. The government is not obligated to answer questions. 4) The submission of the documentation specified below will constitute the quoter's acceptance of the terms and conditions of the description of requirement in the RFQ. Questions should be posted by the due date listed above. It is the Government's intention to award without discussion. Quoters are encouraged to present their best Quote and prices in their initial submission. The Government reserves the right to hold discussions. 5) NG Agency Protest Program is intended to encourage interested parties to seek resolution of their concerns with the National Guard (NG) as an Alternative Dispute Resolution forum, rather than filing a protest with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or other external forum. Contract award or performance is suspended during the protest to the same extent, and within the same time periods as if filed at the GAO. The NG protest decision goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from filing. An agency protest may be filed with either the Contracting Officer or the NG Agency's Protest Decision Authority, but not both, in accordance with NG protest procedures. To be timely, the protests must be filed with the periods specified in FAR 33.103. To file a protest under the NG Agency Protest Program, the protest must request resolution under that program and be sent to the address below: National Guard Bureau Office of the Director of Acquisitions/ Head of Contracting Activity ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@mail.mil All other agency-level protests should be sent to the Contracting Officer for resolution at the address in the solicitation. See FAR clause 52.233-2. NG Public-facing, general Protest information is found at: https://www.nationalguard.mil/Leadership/Joint-Staff/Special-Staff/Director-of-Acquisitions/ Directorate of Acquisitions information for the contracting enterprise is found at: https://gko.portal.ng.mil/ngb/STAFF/D01/D01/OI/Protests%20and%20Complaints/Forms/AllItems.aspx All questions regarding this RFQ shall be submitted via email to 1st Lt Nicholas Marzinzik at nicholas.marzinzik@us.af.mil and Mr. Jason Shallenberger at jason.shallenberger@us.af.mil. All questions are due by 7 May 2026 at 1600 CST and will be posted as an amendment to this solicitation via email on or about 11 May 2026. Quotes are due at 12:00 PM CST on 14 May 2026. In the event that the Contract Opportunities portal is down or an quoter cannot post their quotes, send an email with the quotation to the following individuals: 1st Lt Nicholas Marzinzik at nicholas. marzinzik@us.af.mil and Mr. Jason Shallenberger at jason.shallenberger@us.af.mil. Vendors responding via SAM.gov shall submit quotations via email to the Contracting Officer identified in this RFQ. Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation), effective date: 2026-02 (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Price Technical performance Past Performance Addendum to Evaluation - Commercial Product and Commercial Services (a) This solicitation will be evaluated under Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12. The solicitation will be solicited as a small business set aside through Contract Opportunities. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quotation conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Upon closing, the quotations will be evaluated using best value evaluation criteria. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor 1 -- Technical Performance: The contractor shall be responsible for ensuring their quote fully outlines the capability to adhere to the delivery deadline, quantities required, and specifications listed in the Description of Requirements. Technical performance shall be found to be either acceptable or unacceptable based on the answers to the following questions: 1. Is contractor able to provide fitness equipment listed in CLINs 0001 - 0011? Quotations for "equal" products in CLINs 0001 thru 0011 that fail to provide sufficient technical documentation to demonstrate compliance with all stated salient characteristics will be considered technically unacceptable and will not be considered for award. Salient characteristics describe functional performance requirements and are not intended to restrict competition to a single manufacturer. 2. Is contractor able to provide trade-in credit for fitness equipment listed in CLINs 0013 - 0053? 3. Does contractor provide at least a one (1) year warranty for the parts? The Government will determine the vendor to be Technically Acceptable only if all answers to the above questions (1 - 3), if applicable, are "Yes". STANDARD: Pass: The standard is met when: the Quoter is able to answer yes to each of the posted questions noted above. Fail: The Quoter is unable to answer yes to any of the questions noted above. Factor 2 -- Pricing: The government will evaluate all technically acceptable quoter's prices. In terms of "price reasonableness", the Government will focus on whether the price is too high or too low to be considered fair and reasonable. In terms of "completeness", the Government will focus on whether the price appears to cover all of the work identified in the Description of Requirements. In terms of "balance", the Government will focus on whether pricing is consistent with historical contract information and market research. Pricing will not be scored or rated and will not be considered unless the quotes technically acceptability in factor 1 are graded as acceptable. Pricing shall include all aspects of the requirements to include product, parts, and shipping. Factor 3 -- Past Performance Past performance will be evaluated only to the extent necessary to determine responsibility and may be used as a tie-breaker in the event of an otherwise equal evaluation. The Government will not assign comparative or adjectival ratings for past performance. Submission Requirements: Quoters may provide one (1) of the following: 1. CPARS Record (if available) a. Identify at least one relevant CPARS record from the past three (3) years, if applicable 2. Commercial or Government Reference a. One (1) relevant contract or order performed within the past three (3) years, including: i. Customer name ii. Brief description of work performed iii. Contract value (approximate) iv. Period of performance v. POC name and email (phone optional) 3. No relevant past performance statement a. A written statement affirming that the quoter has no relevant past performance for the requirement. Failure to submit past performance information will not automatically render a quote technically unacceptable. Past performance, if provided, will be evaluated for relevancy only, defined as prior performance involving: - Commercial fitness equipment - Delivery, installation, refurbishment, or resale of similar equipment - Comparable scope and complexity Quoters with: - No relevant past performance, or - Insufficient past performance information Will receive a neutral past performance determination, which will not be considered favorable or unfavorable and will not preclude award. Past performance will be considered only in the event of an exact price tie among technically acceptable quotes. In such cases, the Government may consider: - Demonstrated record of timely delivery - Customer satisfaction - Successful performance of similar requirements The Government reserves the right to use information from CPARS or other Government sources, contract references provided by the quotes, and consider past performance information obtained independently. Standard: Pass: Past performance is acceptable, neutral, or not required to establish responsibility. Fail: Evidence of termination for cause/default within the past three (3) years for work of similar scope and complexity. *** END OF NARRATIVE ***

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: 1st Lt Nicholas Marzinzik
  - Email: nicholas.marzinzik@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3096336239
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jason Shallenberger
  - Email: jason.shallenberger@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3096335707

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/23a2e509be5e4fabb2cc2e7dfce66857/view)