---
layout: default
title: Long_Haul_Fiber_Install
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a8e052722d584441a9505a3ffa4fc909
---

# Long_Haul_Fiber_Install

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 11:50:28.015-04
- Solicitation Number: FA910126QB0XX_LONG_HAUL_FIBER_OPTIC_CABLE_INSTALL

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE The Arnold Engineering Development Complex (AEDC) at Arnold AFB in Tennessee (TN) is seeking sources interested and capable of meeting the Government’s requirement to provide a turnkey, design, engineer, furnish, install, and test new fiber optic cable from the United States (US) Army Adelphi Laboratory Center, Building 205, Room 1D-028B to the AEDC Operating Location B, located at White Oak, Building 405, Room 1310, as described in the Introduction paragraph below. CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS: AFTC/PZIA (Arnold) Attn: Leslie R. McGowan 100 Kindel Drive Suite A332 Arnold AFB, TN 37389-1332 DISCLAIMER: THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTATION / PROPOSAL (RFQ / RFP). THIS SOURCES SOUGHT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. INTRODUCTION: This is a Sources Sought Notice to determine the availability and technical capability of small and large businesses to meet the Government’s requirement to provide turnkey design, engineering solution, and installation of all SM cable, handholes, seven-way micro duct and ancillary supporting equipment required for this project. See Attachment 1-Statement of Work. Services are required at AEDC at White Oak located in Maryland (MA). The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement if a requirement materializes. Based on the responses to this Sources Sought Notice/Market Research efforts, the requirement may result in a sole source acquisition, it may be set-aside for small businesses (in full or in art), or may be procured through full and open competition. Provided below are the anticipated Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs) and Item Descriptions: CLIN Item Description 0001 Site Visit Assessment White Oak MD 0002 Fiber Optic Cable Installation Services (Labor) Building 205 to Building 405 DeMarc 0003 Fiber Optic Cable (Hardware) Building 205, DeMarc to Building 405 0004 Equipment Rental for Fiber Optic Cable Installation Services Building 205 to Building 405 NORTH AMERICAN INDSUTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE: The anticipated North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) for this requirement is 238210 – Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors. The anticipated Product Service Code (PSC) or this requirement is D304 – IT and Telecom-Telecommunications and Transmissions Submission Details: Responses should include: Company Information: Name, address, telephone number point of contact names, an e-mail address. Business size. State whether your firm is a large business, small business, small disadvantaged business (SDB), 8(a)-certified small business, historically underutilized business zone (HUBZone) small business, veteran-owned small business (VOSB), service-disabled veteran owned small business (SDVOSB), or woman-owned small business (WOSB) based upon NAICS code 238210 Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code. SAM.gov Unique Entity ID (UEI). Provide any feedback regarding Attachment 1 – Statement of Work. Contract vehicles that would be available to the Government for the procurement of the product, to include ENCORE II, General Service Administration (GSA), GSA MOBIS, NIH, NASA SEWP, Federal Supply Schedules (FSS), or any other Government Agency contract vehicle. (This information is for market research only and does not preclude your company from responding to this notice.) Interested businesses should submit brief capabilities as it relates to supporting the above requirement. To assist with budgetary estimates, please provide a total estimated price to meet this contemplated acquisition. The vendor’s response to this Sources Sought shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, Leslie R. McGowan, via email.: Emails: leslie.mcgowan@us.af.mil Email Subject Line Reference: Sources Sought – Long Haul Fiber Install Response Date: 15 April 2026, 10:00 AM Central Standard Time DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from release outside the Government and technical team. Attachment(s): Attachment 1 – Statement of Work

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Leslie McGowan
  - Email: leslie.mcgowan@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9314544425
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brooke Vandeman
  - Email: brooke.vandeman@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -Statement of Work. Services are required at AEDC at White Oak located in Maryland (MA). The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement if a requirement materializes. Based on the responses to this Sources Sought Notice/Market Research efforts, the requirement may result in a sole source acquisition, it may be set-aside for small businesses (in full or in art), or may be procured through full and open competition. Provided below are the anticipated Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs) and Item Descriptions: CLIN Item Description 0001 Site Visit Assessment White Oak MD 0002 Fiber Optic Cable Installation Services (Labor) Building 205 to Building 405 DeMarc 0003 Fiber Optic Cable (Hardware) Building 205, DeMarc to Building 405 0004 Equipment Rental for Fiber Optic Cable Installation Services Building 205 to Building 405 NORTH AMERICAN INDSUTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE: The anticipated North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) for this requirement is 238210 – Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors. The anticipated Product Service Code (PSC) or this requirement is D304 – IT and Telecom-Telecommunications and Transmissions Submission Details: Responses should include: Company Information: Name, address, telephone number point of contact names, an e-mail address. Business size. State whether your firm is a large business, small business, small disadvantaged business (SDB), 8(a)-certified small business, historically underutilized business zone (HUBZone) small business, veteran-owned small business (VOSB), service-disabled veteran owned small business (SDVOSB), or woman-owned small business (WOSB) based upon NAICS code 238210 Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code. SAM.gov Unique Entity ID (UEI). Provide any feedback regarding Attachment 1 – Statement of Work. Contract vehicles that would be available to the Government for the procurement of the product, to include ENCORE II, General Service Administration (GSA), GSA MOBIS, NIH, NASA SEWP, Federal Supply Schedules (FSS), or any other Government Agency contract vehicle. (This information is for market research only and does not preclude your company from responding to this notice.) Interested businesses should submit brief capabilities as it relates to supporting the above requirement. To assist with budgetary estimates, please provide a total estimated price to meet this contemplated acquisition. The vendor’s response to this Sources Sought shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, Leslie R. McGowan, via email.: Emails: leslie.mcgowan@us.af.mil Email Subject Line Reference: Sources Sought – Long Haul Fiber Install Response Date: 15 April 2026, 10:00 AM Central Standard Time DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from release outside the Government and technical team. Attachment(s): Attachment 1 – Statement of Work

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a8e052722d584441a9505a3ffa4fc909/view)