---
layout: default
title: TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER LICENSING OPPORTUNITY: Self-Cleaning Coatings for Space or Earth (KSC-TOPS-99)
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 1a78240dd8c14bf19f44fa5df20d65ac
---

# TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER LICENSING OPPORTUNITY: Self-Cleaning Coatings for Space or Earth (KSC-TOPS-99)

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-24 17:51:01.706-04
- Solicitation Number: T2P-KSC-00058

## Summary

NASA’s Technology Transfer Program solicits inquiries from companies interested in obtaining license rights to commercialize, manufacture and market the following technology. License rights may be issued on an exclusive or nonexclusive basis and may include specific fields of use. NASA provides no funding in conjunction with these potential licenses. THE TECHNOLOGY: Reducing dust accumulation on any surface is key for lunar missions as dust can damage or impair the performance of everything from deployable systems to solar cells on the Moon’s surface. Electrodynamic dust shields (EDSs) are a key method to actively clean surfaces by running high voltages (but low currents) through electrodes on the surface. The forces generated by the voltage efficiently remove built up, electrically charged dust particles. Innovators at the NASA Kennedy Space Center have developed a new transparent EDS for removing dust from space and lunar solar cells among other transparent surfaces. The new coatings operate at half the voltage of existing EDSs while being 90% thinner. These capabilities are enabled by an innovative combination of electrode patterning and a thin silica protective layer. The reduced thickness and lower voltage operation expands possibilities for integrating EDSs onto transparent surfaces across industries. To express interest in this licensing opportunity, please submit a license application through NASA’s Automated Technology Licensing Application System (ATLAS) by visiting https://technology.nasa.gov/patent/KSC-TOPS-99 If you have any questions, please e-mail NASA’s Technology Transfer Program at Agency-Patent-Licensing@mail.nasa.gov with the title of this Technology Transfer Opportunity as listed in this SAM.gov notice and your preferred contact information. For more information about licensing other NASA-developed technologies, please visit the NASA Technology Transfer Portal at https://technology.nasa.gov/. These responses are provided to members of NASA’s Technology Transfer Program for the purpose of promoting public awareness of NASA-developed technology products, and conducting preliminary market research to determine public interest in and potential for future licensing opportunities. No follow-on procurement is expected to result from responses to this Notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Email: Agency-Patent-Licensing@mail.nasa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1a78240dd8c14bf19f44fa5df20d65ac/view)