---
layout: default
title: Scissor Lift, Electric, NIST, Gaithersburg, MD
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7d9a65f170b34cb29a4c4359eb1f2a7a
---

# Scissor Lift, Electric, NIST, Gaithersburg, MD

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 12:04:42.89-04
- Solicitation Number: NB193000-26-01192

## Summary

THE BELOW IS ALSO CONTIANED WITHIN THE ATTACHMENT Scissor Life, Electric at the NIST Gaithersburg Campus SOURCES SOUGHT Original Set Aside: N/A, TBD Set Aside: N/A, TBD Classification Code: J -- Maintenance, repair & rebuilding of equipment NAICS Code: 333 – Machinery Manufacturing/333924 – Industrial Truck, tractor Trailer, and Stacker Machinery Manufacturing Synopsis: ***PLEASE OPEN ATTACHMENTS FOR COMPLETE SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT INFORMATION*** In accordance with (IAW) FAR 15.201(c)(3) this is a SOURCES SOUGHT FOR MARKET RESEARCH. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS OR BIDS. This announcement constitutes a Sources Sought (market survey). This notice is a request for information to provide data for planning purposes only and does not constitute an Invitation for Bids, a Request for Proposals, a Solicitation, a Request for Quotes, or an indication the Government will contract for the services contained in this Sources Sought. A solicitation is not currently available. This Sources Sought is a market research tool used by the acquisition team to determine potential and eligible businesses that have the capability and interest in providing the required commercial services described herein, prior to determining the method of acquisition. This also serves as a Request for Comments on the draft performance work statement (PWS) for the planned project. The U.S. Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST), Acquisition Management Division (AMD), is seeking information from potential sources that are capable and interested in performing the work on a commercial contract at the NIST Gaithersburg, Maryland Campus Site. This request is not to be construed as a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. The Government does not reimburse respondents for any cost associated with this source sought or reimburse expenses incurred to interested parties for preparing a response as a result of this posting. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information or comments received from potential sources as a result of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments announcement. Any responses received will not be used as a proposal. Respondents will not be notified of the Sources Sought evaluation results, nor will questions be addressed by the Government. The results of this Sources Sought will be utilized to assess the amount of interest and capability in the current market, and to determine if any Small Business Set-aside opportunities exist for this potential requirement. All Small Business Set-aside categories will be considered. This market research tool will be used to identify potential and eligible service contractors, of all sizes, prior to determining the method of acquisition and level of announcement for issuance of a solicitation. The Request for Comments portion of this Sources Sought provides contractors the opportunity to make any comments, including recommendations, regarding the draft PWS for the potential project. Comments will be used for consideration in the development of the PWS. The Government will not provide responses to any questions or Requests for Information regarding this project as a part of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments. Project Description: NIST, OFPM, Central Utility Plant (CUP) provides all utility services to the Gaithersburg campus in the form of steam, chilled water, and compressed air. The scissor lift, electric will be used to service steam generators, chillers, and general maintenance tasks requiring work at height. This is a new piece of equipment. Sources Sought: Interested and capable sources are requested to electronically submit a Capabilities Statement with supporting supplemental data supporting the exact product that is recommended. The submission shall be no more than twenty (20) pages in length inclusive of the following information: Company name and address. The name, position title, telephone number and email address of a company point of contact (POC). UEI/CAGE code registered in the system for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov. Indicate whether your company is a large business or a small business under the NAICS code specified in this announcement or the suggested NAICS code with rational as to why the recommendation is a better choice, versus the previously listed project NAICS. Company Profile description. Statement of Capability stating your company's skills, experience, knowledge, and supplemental data of the organizations proposed equipment to the work requirement. Additionally, address the percentage of this work requirement that will be self-performed, and what portions and to who/whom will not be self-performed. Recent experience is experience performed within the last five (5) years. If none then please state, there is none. Any other relevant information that is not listed above which the Government may consider in developing the service requirement and market research. Request for Comments: All comments provided in response to the Sources Sought shall be submitted electronically on the attached Request for Comments sheet. Comments will be used for consideration in the development of the PWS. The Government will not provide responses to any questions, Requests for Information, regarding this project as a part of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments. Submittal Instructions: All responses to this Sources Sought shall be submitted via email by the required Response Date to Primary Point of Contact with a courtesy copy to the Alternate Point of Contact in this announcement. -----[CONTINUE TO NEXT PAGE FOR THE WORK REQUIREMENT]---- DRAFT Statement of Work Scissor Lift, Electric 3/3/2026 Background: NIST, OFPM, Central Utility Plant provides all utility services to the Gaithersburg campus in the form of steam, chilled water, and compressed air. The scissor lift, electric will be used to service steam generators, chillers, and general maintenance tasks requiring work at height. This is a new piece of equipment. Objective: Acquire an electric scissor lift that meets all the minimum specification requirements Scope: Provide one new electric scissor lift that meets the minimum specification requirements below. Task: Task 1: Provide a new scissor lift that meets the minimum Specification Requirements Task 2: Delivery and demonstration of the scissor lift and operating features by an authorized manufacturer’s representative. Task 3: Initial training and demonstration for four operators by an authorized manufacturer’s representative. Minimum Specification Requirements: Electric scissor lift Req – 1, Provide one electric scissor lift (110VAC charger included) Req – 2, Minimum 25-foot platform height. Req – 3, Capacity at maximum height 500 lbs. Req – 4, Folding rails. Req – 5, Zero turning radius Req – 6, Minimum 36-inch deck extension Req – 7, Dual flashing warning lights. Req – 8, Tilt alarm Req – 9, 3-year warranty Deliverables and Timeframes: Item 001 – Provide Electric Scissor Lift that meets the minimum Specification Requirements, 120 Days after contract award Item 002 – Provide Operator Manual, 120 Days After contract award Item 003 – Provide Parts Manual, 120 Days after contract award Item 004 – Provide Service Manual, 120 Days after contract award Item 005 – Delivery and demonstration of the scissor lift by authorized manufacturer’s representative., 120 Days after contract award Item 006 – Initial training and demonstration for four operators on scissor lift functions and features by an authorized manufacturer’s representative., 120 Days after contract award Delivery: The completed electric scissor lift will be delivered to NIST at 100 Bureau Drive Stop 1930, Building 309, Gaithersburg, MD 20899. Notice of delivery must be made 5 days prior to delivery, to ensure all people who need training can be present. All delivery and training costs will be included in the price of the new scissor lift. Government-Furnished Property, Material, Equipment, or Information (GFP, GFM, GFE, or GFI): None Security: Delivery drivers and training personnel names must be submitted 24 hours before a delivery is made so that their names can be entered into the visitors’ registration system. All delivery drivers and training personnel must have Photo I.D. (federally approved State issued driver's license, Federal ID, or original passport) and Vehicle Registration Card. All deliveries are to be made thru Gate – F located on Muddy Branch Road. Training personnel may enter through Gate – A Visitors Center located on Bureau Drive. Deliveries will only be accepted between the hours of 6:00 am and 3:30 pm Monday thru Friday. Any deliveries attempted after 3:30 pm will be turned away. No deliveries will be accepted on Saturday or Sunday or on Federal Holidays. After entering the campus thru Gate – F delivery drivers will be instructed to go to truck inspection. After going thru truck inspection delivery drives will be instructed to proceed to building 302 where a member of the central utility plant will instruct them where to park for unloading and training. Travel: None Special Material Requirements: None Other Unique Requirements: None Place of Performance: Scissor lift manufacturer’s facility. Delivery and training at NIST’s Gaithersburg Campus. Period of Performance: 120 Calendar days after award. Warranty: 12-month warranty. Extended Warranty: 24-month comprehensive extended warranty, not to include wear and tear items.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shawn Borisow
  - Email: shawn.borisow@nist.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Life, Electric at the NIST Gaithersburg Campus SOURCES SOUGHT Original Set Aside: N/A, TBD Set Aside: N/A, TBD Classification Code: J -- Maintenance, repair & rebuilding of equipment NAICS Code: 333 – Machinery Manufacturing/333924 – Industrial Truck, tractor Trailer, and Stacker Machinery Manufacturing Synopsis: ***PLEASE OPEN ATTACHMENTS FOR COMPLETE SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT INFORMATION*** In accordance with (IAW) FAR 15.201(c)(3) this is a SOURCES SOUGHT FOR MARKET RESEARCH. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS OR BIDS. This announcement constitutes a Sources Sought (market survey). This notice is a request for information to provide data for planning purposes only and does not constitute an Invitation for Bids, a Request for Proposals, a Solicitation, a Request for Quotes, or an indication the Government will contract for the services contained in this Sources Sought. A solicitation is not currently available. This Sources Sought is a market research tool used by the acquisition team to determine potential and eligible businesses that have the capability and interest in providing the required commercial services described herein, prior to determining the method of acquisition. This also serves as a Request for Comments on the draft performance work statement (PWS) for the planned project. The U.S. Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST), Acquisition Management Division (AMD), is seeking information from potential sources that are capable and interested in performing the work on a commercial contract at the NIST Gaithersburg, Maryland Campus Site. This request is not to be construed as a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. The Government does not reimburse respondents for any cost associated with this source sought or reimburse expenses incurred to interested parties for preparing a response as a result of this posting. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information or comments received from potential sources as a result of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments announcement. Any responses received will not be used as a proposal. Respondents will not be notified of the Sources Sought evaluation results, nor will questions be addressed by the Government. The results of this Sources Sought will be utilized to assess the amount of interest and capability in the current market, and to determine if any Small Business Set-aside opportunities exist for this potential requirement. All Small Business Set-aside categories will be considered. This market research tool will be used to identify potential and eligible service contractors, of all sizes, prior to determining the method of acquisition and level of announcement for issuance of a solicitation. The Request for Comments portion of this Sources Sought provides contractors the opportunity to make any comments, including recommendations, regarding the draft PWS for the potential project. Comments will be used for consideration in the development of the PWS. The Government will not provide responses to any questions or Requests for Information regarding this project as a part of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments. Project Description: NIST, OFPM, Central Utility Plant (CUP) provides all utility services to the Gaithersburg campus in the form of steam, chilled water, and compressed air. The scissor lift, electric will be used to service steam generators, chillers, and general maintenance tasks requiring work at height. This is a new piece of equipment. Sources Sought: Interested and capable sources are requested to electronically submit a Capabilities Statement with supporting supplemental data supporting the exact product that is recommended. The submission shall be no more than twenty (20) pages in length inclusive of the following information: Company name and address. The name, position title, telephone number and email address of a company point of contact (POC). UEI/CAGE code registered in the system for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov. Indicate whether your company is a large business or a small business under the NAICS code specified in this announcement or the suggested NAICS code with rational as to why the recommendation is a better choice, versus the previously listed project NAICS. Company Profile description. Statement of Capability stating your company"s skills, experience, knowledge, and supplemental data of the organizations proposed equipment to the work requirement. Additionally, address the percentage of this work requirement that will be self-performed, and what portions and to who/whom will not be self-performed. Recent experience is experience performed within the last five (5) years. If none then please state, there is none. Any other relevant information that is not listed above which the Government may consider in developing the service requirement and market research. Request for Comments: All comments provided in response to the Sources Sought shall be submitted electronically on the attached Request for Comments sheet. Comments will be used for consideration in the development of the PWS. The Government will not provide responses to any questions, Requests for Information, regarding this project as a part of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments. Submittal Instructions: All responses to this Sources Sought shall be submitted via email by the required Response Date to Primary Point of Contact with a courtesy copy to the Alternate Point of Contact in this announcement. -----[CONTINUE TO NEXT PAGE FOR THE WORK REQUIREMENT]---- DRAFT Statement of Work Scissor Lift, Electric 3/3/2026 Background: NIST, OFPM, Central Utility Plant provides all utility services to the Gaithersburg campus in the form of steam, chilled water, and compressed air. The scissor lift, electric will be used to service steam generators, chillers, and general maintenance tasks requiring work at height. This is a new piece of equipment. Objective: Acquire an electric scissor lift that meets all the minimum specification requirements Scope: Provide one new electric scissor lift that meets the minimum specification requirements below. Task: Task 1: Provide a new scissor lift that meets the minimum Specification Requirements Task 2: Delivery and demonstration of the scissor lift and operating features by an authorized manufacturer’s representative. Task 3: Initial training and demonstration for four operators by an authorized manufacturer’s representative. Minimum Specification Requirements: Electric scissor lift Req – 1, Provide one electric scissor lift (110VAC charger included) Req – 2, Minimum 25-foot platform height. Req – 3, Capacity at maximum height 500 lbs. Req – 4, Folding rails. Req – 5, Zero turning radius Req – 6, Minimum 36-inch deck extension Req – 7, Dual flashing warning lights. Req – 8, Tilt alarm Req – 9, 3-year warranty Deliverables and Timeframes: Item 001 – Provide Electric Scissor Lift that meets the minimum Specification Requirements, 120 Days after contract award Item 002 – Provide Operator Manual, 120 Days After contract award Item 003 – Provide Parts Manual, 120 Days after contract award Item 004 – Provide Service Manual, 120 Days after contract award Item 005 – Delivery and demonstration of the scissor lift by authorized manufacturer’s representative., 120 Days after contract award Item 006 – Initial training and demonstration for four operators on scissor lift functions and features by an authorized manufacturer’s representative., 120 Days after contract award Delivery: The completed electric scissor lift will be delivered to NIST at 100 Bureau Drive Stop 1930, Building 309, Gaithersburg, MD 20899. Notice of delivery must be made 5 days prior to delivery, to ensure all people who need training can be present. All delivery and training costs will be included in the price of the new scissor lift. Government-Furnished Property, Material, Equipment, or Information (GFP, GFM, GFE, or GFI): None Security: Delivery drivers and training personnel names must be submitted 24 hours before a delivery is made so that their names can be entered into the visitors’ registration system. All delivery drivers and training personnel must have Photo I.D. (federally approved State issued driver"s license, Federal ID, or original passport) and Vehicle Registration Card. All deliveries are to be made thru Gate – F located on Muddy Branch Road. Training personnel may enter through Gate – A Visitors Center located on Bureau Drive. Deliveries will only be accepted between the hours of 6:00 am and 3:30 pm Monday thru Friday. Any deliveries attempted after 3:30 pm will be turned away. No deliveries will be accepted on Saturday or Sunday or on Federal Holidays. After entering the campus thru Gate – F delivery drivers will be instructed to go to truck inspection. After going thru truck inspection delivery drives will be instructed to proceed to building 302 where a member of the central utility plant will instruct them where to park for unloading and training. Travel: None Special Material Requirements: None Other Unique Requirements: None Place of Performance: Scissor lift manufacturer’s facility. Delivery and training at NIST’s Gaithersburg Campus. Period of Performance: 120 Calendar days after award. Warranty: 12-month warranty. Extended Warranty: 24-month comprehensive extended warranty, not to include wear and tear items

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7d9a65f170b34cb29a4c4359eb1f2a7a/view)