---
layout: default
title: Federal Bureau of Prisons Inmate Tablet Implementation Initiative
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 187d85575d1d425d8cfac7745d00d835
---

# Federal Bureau of Prisons Inmate Tablet Implementation Initiative

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 14:14:44.702-04
- Solicitation Number: 15BPCC26R00000001

## Summary

***********************************************Update 3/12/2026*************************************************** Ensure that when you submitt your proposal it is submitted on the most recent amendment. Plesae see the attached amendment 15BPCC26R00000001 00004 1. Updates Language in section B lines **0001, Section M, Section L, and Terms and Conditions 2. Offers a 3 day in person blueprint review in Washington, DC. (3/17/26-3/19/2026) 3. Extends the Proposal Submission Date to 4/3/2026 2pm EST. 4. Incorporates Attachments J- 16 THIS AMENDMENT EXTENDS THE SOLICITATION CLOSING DATE/TIME TO: 04/03/2026 - 14:00 ET US/Eastern ***********************************************Update 3/5/2026*************************************************** FBOP will host an in-person event on 3/17/2026-3/19/2026 from 7:30am until 2:30pm EST located at: Federal Bureau of Prisons Central Office 320 First Street, NW Washington, DC 20534 Prospective Bidders may RSVP by 2pm EST 3/10/2026. Each Prospective Vendor May have three representatives in attendance. The Bureau of Prisons (BOP) will provide a dedicated workstation area equipped with multiple terminals. Vendors may request staff assistance to access specific FBOP site drawings for the purpose of reviewing programming and housing layouts. Please note that photography is strictly prohibited; however, handwritten, or digital notes are permitted. The Bureau anticipates the proposal submission date will be extended in a forthcoming amendment. ******************Update as of 2/13/26*************** Amendment 3 is posted as an attachment as well as an updated SOO, and attachments J-14 & J-15 BOP will provide the minimum required single?mode fiber connectivity to support the infrastructure at all institutions except for the following locations: Ashland FCI, Ashland SPC, Big Spring FCI, Big Spring SPC, Duluth FPC, Edgefield FCI, Edgefield SPC, La Tuna FCI, La Tuna SPC, Montgomery FPC, Morgantown FPC, Safford FCI, Sandstone FCI, Springfield MCFP, and Yankton FPC. For these locations, the BOP will provide 24?strand single?mode fiber cabling on?site, while the contractor shall provide all labor and any additional materials required to install the fiber necessary to support the infrastructure for this project. This amendment does not alter the contractor’s responsibility to install all horizontal copper cabling required to support the wireless infrastructure at every institution. ******************Update as of 2/10/26*************** Please see attched Amended RFP. 15BPCC26R00000001-00021. Offers a 2-day Site Visit for up to three vendor representatives at the Federal Correctional Complex located in Butner, North Carolina on 2/18/2026 and 2/19/2026 from 8:00 AM to 3:30 PM. NCIC paperwork is required with Photo ID for up to 3 Vendor representatives due by COB 2/11/2026.3. Adds 2nd round of clarification questions due 2/23/26 p.m. EST Vendors interested in attending the Site Visit please notify the listed Contracting officers as well as provide the NCIC form and Valid Photo ID for up to three Vendor participants by 5pm EST 2/5/2026. Please note that due to the sensitivity of the information blue prints, drawings, or photos will not be provided. Upon approved NCIC an intructional sheet will be provided. NO ELECTRONICS WILL BE PERMITTED INTO THE INSTITUTION. ****Update as of 2/4/2026*** Amends the solicitation as detailed within the updated RFP 15BPCC26R00000001 00001 and detailed below: 15BPCC26R00000001-0001 hereby: 1. Extends the proposals submission deadline to 3/17/2026 @ 12:00 p.m. EST Answers to all questions submitted will be forthcoming as well a further information in response to the questions. ****Update as of 2/2/2026*** As a result of the questions submitted, the following actions will be taken tomorrow 2/3/2026: 1. Extends the proposals submission deadline to 3/23/2026 @ 2:00 p.m. EST 2. Offer Site Visits for up to 3 vendor representatives During the weeks of 2/17/2026 and 2/23/2026. 3. NCIC paperwork for up to 3 Vendor representatives due by 2/5/2026. Attchment J-13 Please begin filling out the attached NCIC forms if you would like to be included in the site visits. See Attched RFP and Attchments

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy Brayfield
  - Email: tbrayfield@bop.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Wynne, Sr. Contracting Officer
  - Email: rwynne@bop.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: well as an updated SOO, and attachments J-14 & J-15 BOP will provide the minimum required single?mode fiber connectivity to support the infrastructure at all institutions except for the following locations: Ashland FCI, Ashland SPC, Big Spring FCI, Big Spring SPC, Duluth FPC, Edgefield FCI, Edgefield SPC, La Tuna FCI, La Tuna SPC, Montgomery FPC, Morgantown FPC, Safford FCI, Sandstone FCI, Springfield MCFP, and Yankton FPC. For these locations, the BOP will provide 24?strand single?mode fiber cabling on?site, while the contractor shall provide all labor and any additional materials required to install the fiber necessary to support the infrastructure for this project. This amendment does not alter the contractor’s responsibility to install all horizontal copper cabling required to support the wireless infrastructure at every institution. ******************Update as of 2/10/26*************** Please see attched Amended RFP. 15BPCC26R00000001-00021. Offers a 2-day Site Visit for up to three vendor representatives at the Federal Correctional Complex located in Butner, North Carolina on 2/18/2026 and 2/19/2026 from 8:00 AM to 3:30 PM. NCIC paperwork is required with Photo ID for up to 3 Vendor representatives due by COB 2/11/2026.3. Adds 2nd round of clarification questions due 2/23/26 p.m. EST Vendors interested in attending the Site Visit please notify the listed Contracting officers as well as provide the NCIC form and Valid Photo ID for up to three Vendor participants by 5pm EST 2/5/2026. Please note that due to the sensitivity of the information blue prints, drawings, or photos will not be provided. Upon approved NCIC an intructional sheet will be provided. NO ELECTRONICS WILL BE PERMITTED INTO THE INSTITUTION. ****Update as of 2/4/2026*** Amends the solicitation as detailed within the updated RFP 15BPCC26R00000001 00001 and detailed below: 15BPCC26R00000001-0001 hereby: 1. Extends the proposals submission deadline to 3/17/2026 @ 12:00 p.m. EST Answers to all questions submitted will be forthcoming as well a further information in response to the questions. ****Update as of 2/2/2026*** As a result of the questions submitted, the following actions will be taken tomorrow 2/3/2026: 1. Extends the proposals submission deadline to 3/23/2026 @ 2:00 p.m. EST 2. Offer Site Visits for up to 3 vendor representatives During the weeks of 2/17/2026 and 2/23/2026. 3. NCIC paperwork for up to 3 Vendor representatives due by 2/5/2026. Attchment J-13 Please begin filling out the attached NCIC forms if you would like to be included in the site visits. See Attched RFP and Attchments

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/187d85575d1d425d8cfac7745d00d835/view)