---
layout: default
title: Model Shop Rigging and Moving Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: de5a5a990dd84ce3b5522a45d50a663d
---

# Model Shop Rigging and Moving Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 14:39:44.667-04
- Solicitation Number: N0016426SNB56

## Summary

Announcement ##N0016426SNB56 - SOURCES SOUGHT /REQUEST FOR INFORMATION –NSWC Crane Model Shop Equipment Support – FSC/PSC N061 – NAICS 238290 ISSUE DATE: MAR 25 2026 CLOSING DATE: APRIL 13 2026 04:00PM ET MARKET SURVEY SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS - This Request for Information/Sources Sought Notice is being issued by the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Crane Division (NSWC-CR) located in Crane, Indiana. This is NOT a Request for Quote or Pricing. NSWC-CR is conducting market research for vendors with the capabilities to provide rigging services and moving of equipment for various heavy industrial machines in Building 122 Model Shop. The Government is requesting market information from industry for the services as described below. A draft Statement of Work (SOW) is provided as an attachment to define the types of rigging and electrical services that may be required under this effort. Should NSWC Crane issue a RFQ/RFP, a site visit by interested vendors will be required as part of the technical evaluation. Site visits are NOT part of the RFI. Site visit requirement is NOT listed in the attached SOW, however the SOW will be updated to reflect site visit information should an RFP/RFQ be solicited. Rigging and Moving Services: Offloading new, crated machinery from flatbed trailers Moving heavy equipment (up to 60,000 pounds) within a constrained industrial facility Precise placement, leveling, and anchoring of machinery according to manufacturer specifications Potential removal and disposal of decommissioned equipment Types of equipment that may be required will depend on the individual machine’s weight and size. Rigging hardware may include, but is not limited to, the following: High-capacity forklifts Gantry Cranes Air Skates / Air Dollies Machine Skates & Rollers Spreader Bars & Lifting Slings Hydraulic Toe Jacks & Composite Cribbing Blocks This sources sought notice is intended for planning purposes only and is issued solely for conducting market research in accordance with FAR Part 10. This does NOT constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or Request for Quotation (RFQ) or a promise to issue a RFP or RFQ in the future. The Government is NOT seeking or accepting unsolicited proposals. This notice shall NOT be construed as a contract, a promise to contract, or a commitment of any kind by the Government. If a solicitation is issued in the future, it will be announced via the SAM.gov website, and interested parties must comply with that announcement. The Government will not reimburse respondents for any questions submitted or information provided as a result of this sources sought notice. Response Requirements: General. All interested parties are encouraged to submit company and product literature, a white paper no longer than 5 pages to the Contracting Officer, Daniele Wessel, daniele.m.wessel.civ@us.navy.mil, and Contract Specialist, Christopher Jones, christopher.m.jones405.civ@us.navy.mil. The subject field of the email should contain “Model Shop Equipment Support.” Responses should provide sufficient detail for assessment of potential contracting strategies and company interest. Failure to provide a response does not preclude participation in any possible future RFP, if issued. Please be advised that all submissions in response to this sources sought notice will become Government Property and will not be returned. Submitters should properly mark their responses with the appropriate restrictive markings. Information that is proprietary or competition sensitive will be protected from disclosure under the public records law only if properly labeled as such. Specific responses to the approaches will not disqualify or have an impact on participation and evaluation on future solicitations. Questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing via e-mail to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer’s email addresses. Verbal questions will not be accepted. Questions shall not contain classified information. Content. Responses shall be organized into the following sections with the following information: Cover Sheet – Sources sought notice number and title, date of submission, company name, company address, and technical point of contact containing a printed name, title, email address, and telephone number Company Profile – Include the following information: Company Name Company Address Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code Point of Contact E-mail Address Website address Telephone Number Business Category/Size (e.g., large, small disadvantaged, veteran, woman owned, etc.) General Response Information – The Navy requests a capability statement or product literature which addresses the following: Detailed description of relevant industry experience or past performance as it relates specifically to providing rigging services and moving heavy industrial machinery. Describe available rigging equipment (e.g. high-capacity forklifts, gantry cranes, air skates, etc.) Contractors must be properly registered in the Government System for Award Management database (SAM). Contractors may obtain information on SAM registration and annual confirmation of requirements by calling 1-866-606-8220, or via the internet at www.sam.gov. Classification. Any proprietary information submitted must be clearly and separately identified and marked and will be appropriately protected. The Government will NOT be responsible for any proprietary information not clearly marked. Responders may include information that is not within the scope of this request for submissions, but must be relevant to the overall goals. In addition, if responses include technical requirements that have been identified as CUI in accordance with NIST SP 800-171, the documents shall be identified with the appropriate category markings. See https://www.archives.gov/cui/registry/category-marking-list for guidance. Deadline APRIL 13 2026. Respondents must submit program/idea/concept white paper(s) for review and consideration to NSWC Crane Points of Contact identified above no later than 04:00PM ET No additional forms or other materials are needed. Any changes or updates to this announcement can be found at the Government Point of Entry SAM.gov. Individual notifications will not be sent to respondents. It is the respondents’ responsibility to monitor and respond accordingly to Government announcements. Disclaimer: This RFI/SS Announcement is issued solely for information and market research purposes and does not constitute a contractual solicitation or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future or ultimately award a contract. NSWC Crane is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of submissions or of the information received, or to provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted under this request for submissions. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this request for submissions. The Government intends to use the information received in response to this RFI/SS Notice for planning purposes. The Government will not award a contract directly on the basis of this RFI/SS Notice or to otherwise pay for the information solicited.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CHRIS JONES
  - Email: christopher.m.jones405.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 8123812299
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Daniele Wessel
  - Email: daniele.m.wessel.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 8123813498

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: define the types of rigging and electrical services that may be required under this effort. Should NSWC Crane issue a RFQ/RFP, a site visit by interested vendors will be required as part of the technical evaluation. Site visits are NOT part of the RFI. Site visit requirement is NOT listed in the attached SOW, however the SOW will be updated to reflect site visit information should an RFP/RFQ be solicited. Rigging and Moving Services: Offloading new, crated machinery from flatbed trailers Moving heavy equipment (up to 60,000 pounds) within a constrained industrial facility Precise placement, leveling, and anchoring of machinery according to manufacturer specifications Potential removal and disposal of decommissioned equipment Types of equipment that may be required will depend on the individual machine’s weight and size. Rigging hardware may include, but is not limited to, the following: High-capacity forklifts Gantry Cranes Air Skates / Air Dollies Machine Skates & Rollers Spreader Bars & Lifting Slings Hydraulic Toe Jacks & Composite Cribbing Blocks This sources sought notice is intended for planning purposes only and is issued solely for conducting market research in accordance with FAR Part 10. This does NOT constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or Request for Quotation (RFQ) or a promise to issue a RFP or RFQ in the future. The Government is NOT seeking or accepting unsolicited proposals. This notice shall NOT be construed as a contract, a promise to contract, or a commitment of any kind by the Government. If a solicitation is issued in the future, it will be announced via the SAM.gov website, and interested parties must comply with that announcement. The Government will not reimburse respondents for any questions submitted or information provided as a result of this sources sought notice. Response Requirements: General. All interested parties are encouraged to submit company and product literature, a white paper no longer than 5 pages to the Contracting Officer, Daniele Wessel, daniele.m.wessel.civ@us.navy.mil, and Contract Specialist, Christopher Jones, christopher.m.jones405.civ@us.navy.mil. The subject field of the email should contain “Model Shop Equipment Support.” Responses should provide sufficient detail for assessment of potential contracting strategies and company interest. Failure to provide a response does not preclude participation in any possible future RFP, if issued. Please be advised that all submissions in response to this sources sought notice will become Government Property and will not be returned. Submitters should properly mark their responses with the appropriate restrictive markings. Information that is proprietary or competition sensitive will be protected from disclosure under the public records law only if properly labeled as such. Specific responses to the approaches will not disqualify or have an impact on participation and evaluation on future solicitations. Questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing via e-mail to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer’s email addresses. Verbal questions will not be accepted. Questions shall not contain classified information. Content. Responses shall be organized into the following sections with the following information: Cover Sheet – Sources sought notice number and title, date of submission, company name, company address, and technical point of contact containing a printed name, title, email address, and telephone number Company Profile – Include the following information: Company Name Company Address Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code Point of Contact E-mail Address Website address Telephone Number Business Category/Size (e.g., large, small disadvantaged, veteran, woman owned, etc.) General Response Information – The Navy requests a capability statement or product literature which addresses the following: Detailed description of relevant industry experience or past performance as it relates specifically to providing rigging services and moving heavy industrial machinery. Describe available rigging equipment (e.g. high-capacity forklifts, gantry cranes, air skates, etc.) Contractors must be properly registered in the Government System for Award Management database (SAM). Contractors may obtain information on SAM registration and annual confirmation of requirements by calling 1-866-606-8220, or via the internet at www.sam.gov. Classification. Any proprietary information submitted must be clearly and separately identified and marked and will be appropriately protected. The Government will NOT be responsible for any proprietary information not clearly marked. Responders may include information that is not within the scope of this request for submissions, but must be relevant to the overall goals. In addition, if responses include technical requirements that have been identified as CUI in accordance with NIST SP 800-171, the documents shall be identified with the appropriate category markings. See https://www.archives.gov/cui/registry/category-marking-list for guidance. Deadline APRIL 13 2026. Respondents must submit program/idea/concept white paper(s) for review and consideration to NSWC Crane Points of Contact identified above no later than 04:00PM ET No additional forms or other materials are needed. Any changes or updates to this announcement can be found at the Government Point of Entry SAM.gov. Individual notifications will not be sent to respondents. It is the respondents’ responsibility to monitor and respond accordingly to Government announcements. Disclaimer: This RFI/SS Announcement is issued solely for information and market research purposes and does not constitute a contractual solicitation or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future or ultimately award a contract. NSWC Crane is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of submissions or of the information received, or to provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted under this request for submissions. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this request for submissions. The Government intends to use the information received in response to this RFI/SS Notice for planning purposes. The Government will not award a contract directly on the basis of this RFI/SS Notice or to otherwise pay for the information solicited

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/de5a5a990dd84ce3b5522a45d50a663d/view)