---
layout: default
title: RADOME
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 8695bbaa76f04060938d664341109993
---

# RADOME

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 07:46:21.068-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038325QT242

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N791.05|BFC|215-697-0484|christina.foley1@navy.mmil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report Combo||TBD|N00383|TBD|TBD|See Schedule|TBD||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (JAN 2025)|12|336413|1250||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||X| The purpose of this amendment is to update the closing date to 10 APRIL 2026. The purpose of this amendment is to update the POC to Kelly Gipson. Quotes may be emailed to the below address and must be received by 04:30PM EST on the closing date, hereby updated to 10 MARCH 2026: Kelly.a.gipson2.civ@us.navy.mil Quotes received after the closing date are considered to be late and will not be considered for award. If only one acceptable quote is received in response to this solicitation, competitive procedures will shift to sole source negotiations. \ The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation close date to 13 JUN 2025. \ The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation close date to 27 May 2025. \ The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation close date to 09 MAY 2025. \ The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation close date to 21 APR 2025. \ The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation close date to 03 APR 2025. \ This solicitation is for a repair requirement and will be using competitive procedures. This requirement will be awarded to the offeror who can offer the best value to the Government. The evaluation factors for this requirement will be past performance, time of delivery, and price. If only one offer is received in response to this solicitation, competitive procedures will shift to sole source negotiations. Offers must be submitted by closing date and time listed on Page 1 of this solicitation. Offers received after the closing date and time are considered to be late andwill not be considered for award. All offers must be submitted in accordance with Section L of the solicitation. Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) definition: The contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor's facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Required RTAT: 0178 days after receipt of asset. Throughput Constraint: Contractor must provide a throughput Constraint foreach NSN(s). Total assets to be repaired monthly after initial delivery commences X/month (contractor fill in #). A throughput of ## (000)___ per month reflects no throughput constraint. Induction Expiration Date: 365 days after contract award date. Any asset received after this date in days is not authorized for repair without bi-lateral agreement between the Contractor and NAVSUP WSS Contracting Officer. Reconciliation: A reconciliation modification will be issued after final Inspection and Acceptance of all assets inducted under this contract. The parties have agreed to a price (shown on the schedule page) for each unit at the negotiatedRTAT. Such prices are based on the Contractor meeting the RTAT requirements described within the schedule page. If the Contractor does not meet the applicable RTAT requirement, consideration will be assessed and subject to negotiation. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. Early and incremental deliveries accepted. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be repaired, tested andinspected in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in theRequirements Section of this document.

1.2 Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this clause, equipment suchas fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, test equipment, orany other manufacturing aid required for the manufacture and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government or any other source and is the sole responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing or referenced specification.

1.3 The use of MIL-W-81381 wire in any item to be delivered under this procurement is prohibited. The foregoing prohibition applies notwithstanding any reference to MIL-W-81381 wire that may be made in any of the drawings or specifications for this procurement. SAE-AS22759 series wire shall be used in lieu of MIL-W-81381 wire, in any place where MIL-W-81381 wire is cited in this procurement. Any questions concerning this requirement should be directed to the Procuring Contracting Officer.

1.4 If MIL-STD-454 is referenced in the drawings or in the specification,the contractor is expected to show compliance with IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C Personnel performing tasks in accordance with IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C shall be trained and certified as requried by IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C paragraph 5.1.4. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS THIS RADOME MUST BE REPAIRED IAW APPLICABLE REPAIR DOCUMENTS/MANUALS FOUND IN THE A1-F18AC-IETM 3. REQUIREMENTS Repair: F/A-18A-D Radomes must be IAW the Statement of Work and all publications as required/A1-F18A-C-IETM/A copy of the Statement of Work resides with NAVSUP WSS N23 Engineering office and is available on request. The contractor shall prepare and maintain manufacturing, repair, modification assembly and inspection procedures which shall be made available to the Government for review and approval.The procedures shall include sequential diagramsof a process as well as the performance specification to perform the procedures. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE A team from NAVSUP WSS code N23, FRCSW NAVAIR code 4.3.3.1, and the DCMA will be present for the First Article inspection of the Radome. The inspection will include a review of all the repair and inspection documentation. Also testing of the radome.The repair facility must contact the inspection team at least 30 days prior to the inspection so travel arrangements can be made. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156974787
  - Email: KELLY.A.GIPSON2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8695bbaa76f04060938d664341109993/view)