---
layout: default
title: Parka, Navy Working Uniform (NWU), Woodland Camouflage, Type III
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 5831586dc0344b21931fe4ead0cfb95e
---

# Parka, Navy Working Uniform (NWU), Woodland Camouflage, Type III

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 13:06:41.829-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE1C1-26-R-0066

## Summary

Pre-solicitation Notice / Synopsis for Solicitation: SPE1C1-26-R-0066 This is for the purchase of the following: Item 0001: Parka, Navy Working Uniform (NWU), Woodland Camouflage, Type III NSN Series: 8415-01-573-4754 (s) PGC: 03612 End Item Specification: NCTRF PD 04-09C dated 20 January 2012 Pattern Date: 14 December 2020 The solicitation will be set-aside for Small Business concerns. This procurement will result in one (1) Firm Fixed Price, Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract. The contract will consist of a 12-month performance period. In accordance with FAR 10.002(d)(2), the Government does NOT intend to use FAR Part 12 procedures for this procurement. The quantities and dollar value provided below are estimates and may change at the time of solicitation based on changes in demand and supply position. Minimum Quantity: 9,000 EA Annual Estimated Quantity (AEQ): 36,000 EA Maximum Dollar Value: $9,900,000.00 The initial delivery order and any subsequent delivery orders will be required 120 days after the date of the award. The delivery destination for subject item is VSTN (Peckham Inc.; Navy & Coast Guard 3PL). Source Selection criteria will be used for award evaluation purposes in accordance with FAR 15.101-1. For award evaluation purposes non-cost/non-price evaluation factors are more important than price. Evaluation Factors for award are Product Demonstration Models (PDMs), Past Performance Confidence Assessment, and Proposed Price in that order. RFID at item, case, and pallet level will be required for subject items. All materials used to manufacture subject items are to be furnished by the contractor. All materials/components shall be Berry Amendment compliant. Offerors will be required to submit Product Demonstration Models (PDMs) from each proposed place of performance with the following size requirements: Three (3) NWU Parkas, Type III, Woodland Camouflage in size Medium Regular Note: The Government reserves the right to change the PDM requirements and does not incur any responsibility or obligation to offerors, manufacturers, or suppliers in providing these anticipated PDM requirements. Offerors will also be required to submit a history of their experience/past performance record from the period three (3) years prior to the solicitation closing date. PDM(s) are the most important evaluation factor and will be evaluated for conformance to the specifications, Past Performance will be the next important evaluation factor, followed by Price. Availability of solicitations, FAR 5.102(d) applies, as our office no longer issues solicitations or amendments in paper form. The Solicitation will be posted on DIBBS and SAM.gov. Please check both. Refer to the following when viewing solicitation on DIBBS: The Solicitation will be posted on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/ Detailed system requirements and instructions for registration can be found on the DLA DIBBS Home Page accessed on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/. A few highlights of the information that will be found include: 1. On the DLA Internet Bulletin Board System (DIBBS) Home Page, click the VENDOR REGISTRATION link to begin the registration process. 2. In order to register for access to secure portions of DLA DIBBS, the company you are representing must already be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM)(https://www.sam.gov). 3. A Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code registration will be processed immediately. A User ID will appear on the registration screen and a password will be sent separately to the email address of the Super User. If a CAGE is already registered on DLA DIBBS, the name and email address of the Super User will be provided. The Super User should be contacted to set-up additional accounts, logons and passwords for their CAGE. DIBBS Super User * If your CAGE has already been registered on DIBBS, the name and email address of the person designated as your super user will be provided. * The representative who starts the DIBBS registration process has the option to accept their SAM registration POC as the DIBBS super user, or they can designate themselves or another person to act as the super user for the CAGE. * The super user acts as the account administrator for a CAGE. They can add up to ninety-eight (98) additional users, provide user IDs and passwords, modify existing users, and control the login status of each user for their CAGEs through My Account (Account Maintenance). ****The Defense appropriations and authorization acts and other statutes (including what is commonly referred to as “The Berry Amendment”) impose restrictions on the DoD’s acquisition of foreign products and services. Generally, Clothing and Textile items (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7012) and “specialty metals” (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7014), including the materials and components thereof (other than sensors, electronics, or other items added to, and not normally associated with clothing), must be grown, reprocessed, reused, melted or produced in the United States, its possessions or Puerto Rico, unless one of the DFARS 225.7002-2 exceptions applies. NOTICE TO DLA SUPPLIERS: DLA Troop Support has developed a web-based system that allows manufacturers the ability to request specifications, patterns and drawings on our contracting page. To request technical data for this solicitation, use the following link to the DLA Troop Support C&T Technical Data Repository area at: http://www.dla.mil/TroopSupport/ClothingandTextiles/SpecRequest.aspx The points of contact for subject acquisition are: Marissa Sacca; Acquisition Specialist / Email: Marissa.1.Sacca@DLA.mil Randall McArthur; Contracting Officer / Email: Randall.Mcarthur@DLA.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Marissa Sacca
  - Email: Marissa.1.Sacca@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: RANDALL MCARTHUR
  - Email: RANDALL.MCARTHUR@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5831586dc0344b21931fe4ead0cfb95e/view)