---
layout: default
title: WSISS VI
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 37860a4b6759431789b761bdccadd8e1
---

# WSISS VI

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-20 13:10:33.876-04
- Solicitation Number: N6893626R5002

## Summary

The Naval Air Warfare Center Weapon Division (NAWCWD) is issuing the sources sought to allow potential sources the opportunity to provide capability statements. The purpose of this sources sought notice is to conduct market research to determine if responsible sources exist, to assist and gain market knowledge of potential qualified sources. The Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Division (NAWCWD) Contracts Department (D210000), China Lake, CA is seeking information for potential sources regarding Weapons Systems Integration and Software Support Services (WSISS) previously procured with the intention of procuring the services on a competitive basis. The results of this sources sought will be utilized to determine if any Small Business Set-Aside opportunities exist. All Small Business Set-Aside categories will be considered. In your response, please include Company Size (Small or Large according to the NAICS and size standard listed); If your company is a Small Business, specify if your company is or is not each of the following: (a) Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB); (b) HUBZone Small Business; (c) 8(a) Concern; (d) Woman-Owned Small Business; (e) Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business. The Naval Warfare Center Weapons Division (NAWCWD) is the weapons system integration and software support activity for several aircraft Integrated Product Teams (IPTs). The IPTs and Program Support Offices currently operating at the NAWCWD included the F/A-18 & EA-18G, AV-8B, T45, AH-1, F-35 and Unmanned Systems. In addition, the contract may support any other aircraft IPTs assigned to the NAWCWD and interoperability initiatives involving support aircraft. The mission of each IPT and Program Support Office is to provide research, development, test, evaluation, system integration, and programmatic support for weapons systems and associated tactical computer systems embedded within or carried on their aircraft, including related systems, support equipment, and interoperability initiatives. The General Scope of Work Summary: a. Integration of weapons, avionics, sensors, targeting systems, system hardware, and software (including system analysis, research, development, engineering, testing, test equipment design/fabrication/maintenance, mission simulation, and interoperability assurance) b. Software engineering/development for aircraft computers, avionics, sensors, targeting systems, weapons systems, test laboratories, simulators, mission and system support equipment (including Software Quality Assurance (SQA) Software Configuration Management (SCM) and Verification and Validation (V&V) c. IPT program technical services (including special technical research, studies, Quality Assurance (QA), Configuration Management (CM), Data Management (DM), Technical Editors, communications management, equipment management, and maintenance of support systems) d. Design, fabrication, integration, and purchase of materials supporting operation of test and simulation equipment, flight and system trainers and/or simulator equipment (including mission and interoperability simulations) e. Aircraft modifications, aircraft test instrumentation, and telemetry systems design, development, installation, maintenance, service, setup, and operation (including ground-based telemetry systems) f. Training in areas where the contractor has special knowledge or expertise (such as legacy systems, management and collaborative tools, etc.) and in the use and/or maintenance of software and/or system designed by the contractor. CONTRACT BACKGROUND This requirement is a follow-on procurement to a competitively-awarded Small Business Set-Aside contract N6893622D0038 (NAICS Code 336411, 1500 employees), which is currently being performed by Advanced Systems & Software Engineering Technologies LLC (ASSET). The existing contract is a term type, Cost Plus Fixed-Fee. The current level of effort for this contract is ~350 full-time equivalents (FTEs) across 14 active task orders. This contract is due to expire 31 July 2028. The Government anticipates that a successful solution for these services consists of the following: 1. Capability to perform SOW tasking. Describe your company's experience as a prime contractor (or Subcontractor) with weapons and aircraft systems integration, software integration, providing support to Integrated Product Teams, provide contract number(s) applicable. Please provide at least three (3) examples of your company's ability to perform the SOW tasking. 2. Personnel Management: The Government desires a contractor with a local managerial presence capable of effectively staffing for and managing to the Statement of Work (SOW) requirements using the correct personnel with the appropriate skill levels and certifications. The contractor should provide evidence of the personnel type necessary to perform the functions of the SOW as well as any managerial plans the contractor uses for matching personnel to SOW requirements. Please describe your company's ability to provide effective recruitment, retention and management of highly technical and personnel with proper security clearances. Please describe your company's ability to provide and process for accessing subject matter experts on relevant Aircraft Platforms (e.g., F-35, F/A-18, EA-18, AV8B and UAS). 3. History of Successful Performance: The Government desires a contractor with a proven history of managing service contracts similar in scope and effort as defined in the draft SOW. Contractors should provide past performance information including previous contracts and dollar values as well as reference information for those contracts to include, name, contract number, phone number and email address. Please indicate what sections of the SOW correspond to the past performance information. If the work was accomplished as a prime contractor, please indicate the percentage of work subcontracted. If the work was performed as a subcontractor, indicate the dollar value and percentage of work performed. 4. Capability to provide personnel for services required outside of the continental United States (via temporary travel orders). Capability for organizational reach back for subject matter experts that have experience/training/educational background in the disciplines stated in the SOW. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS All Information Technology Systems or software/application development, modification or support shall be performed in accordance with Defense Business Transformation guidance (formerly Business Management Modernization Program (BMMP), Department of the Navy (DON) / Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) Functional Area Manager (FAM) Policies and Guidance, Network and Server Registration, and Web Enablement mandates. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Any resulting contract is anticipated to have a security classification level of Top Secret. Contractor shall describe their plan to accomplish 51 percent of the LOE if proposing a teaming arrangement. A Cyber Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2 (C3PAO) is anticipated for this requirement. If you disagree with the anticipated CMMC Level, please provide a rationale, and the recommended CMMC Level. SUBMISSION DETAILS Interested businesses shall submit responses in Microsoft Word format (version 2016) via e-mail to: Roman Alaniz at roman.g.alaniz.civ@us.navy.mil and Chris Bachman at christopher.p.bachman2.civ@us.navy.mil. Please submit all questions to Roman Alaniz at roman.g.alaniz.civ@us.navy.mil and Chris Bachman at christopher.p.bachman2.civ@us.navy.mil. No phone or e-mail solicitations with regards to the status of the RFP will be accepted prior to its release. E-mail responses shall be received at this office no later than 4:00 P.M. Pacific Standard Time on 06 April 2026 and reference this synopsis number on both the e-mail subject line as well as on all enclosed documents. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. Classified material SHALL NOT be submitted. Interested businesses should submit a brief capabilities statement package of no more than 10 pages in length (no larger than

8.5 X 11 inch pages, no smaller than 10 point font) demonstrating ability to perform those services listed in the Requirements Capability section of this document. Documentation should be in bullet format. All responses shall include Company Name, Company Address, Company Business Size, Company Cage Code, Company DUNS Number, and Points-of-Contact (POC) including name, phone number, fax number, and e-mail address.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Roman Alaniz
  - Email: roman.g.alaniz.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7607934509
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Caitlan Johnson
  - Email: Caitlan.e.johnson.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7607938307

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/37860a4b6759431789b761bdccadd8e1/view)