---
layout: default
title: Second Generation Forward Looking Infrared Commanders Independent Thermal Viewer (CITV), CITV Components, Repairs, and Engineering Services - Follow on
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 845b4439a0264aab8fb557a1e348bb90
---

# Second Generation Forward Looking Infrared Commanders Independent Thermal Viewer (CITV), CITV Components, Repairs, and Engineering Services - Follow on

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 09:11:49.818-04
- Solicitation Number: W909MY25R0003_rev1

## Summary

Synopsis: The Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) Belvoir Division is conducting market research on behalf of the US Product Manager Ground Sensors in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10. The purpose of this Market Research is to identify potential sources that have the skills, experience, knowledge, and capabilities required to manufacture and deliver the following: Second Generation Forward Looking Infrared (2GEN FLIR) Commanders Independent Thermal Viewer (CITV) and spare components. The Government will only consider sources that can deliver all components on attachment 001. SEE ATTACHMENT 001 FOR A COMPLETE PARTS LIST Repair/refurbish of CITVs, CITV Subcomponents, and CCAs stated in #1 above. Engineering & Technical Services - Includes qualification testing, conformance inspection, obsolescence mitigation, and software maintenance Interface and Performance Requirements: The following list contains Performance Specifications that suppliers will need in order to be considered fully qualified for each of the items: Note: The following Performance Specifications cover the CITVs. MIL-PRF-12987771C Performance Specification for the Commanders Independent Thermal Viewer MIL-PRF-5009755G Performance Specification for the Standard Advanced Dewar Assembly Type II (SADA II) The following list contains Interface Control Documents that suppliers will need in order to be considered fully qualified: Note: The following Interface Control Documents cover the CITV. 19200-12991282C Interface Control Document for the 2GEN FLIR CITV A3190635H Interface Control Document for the SADA II The Contractor shall be able to manufacture all items listed in Table 001 to be compatible with all previously delivered 2GEN FLIR CITVs and CITV components. The Government does not have rights to a complete technical data package. For any questions regarding the above technical data or information, to include Attachment 0001 showing the CITV Parts List, contact the below POC: Alexis R. Williams, Contracting Officer, Email: alexis.r.williams.civ@army.mil Please note the following: There is no Government funding available for development and test of the CITV or its components. Deliveries of new procurements are required no later than 18 months after receipt of award (ARO). Foreign participation is excluded. As a condition of responding to this RFI, it is a requirement that all potential responders possess the means to properly store and work on information classified at the SECRET level. Sources responding to this Request for Information must provide the following information with as much detailed information as possible: Brief summary of the company Company Information Company Name: Company CAGE Code: Company DUNS Number. If your Company holds a GSA Schedule contract (541 or other), please provide the Schedule number Company Address: Company Phone #: Company email: Company Representative and Business Title: Company Socioeconomic Classification -- (Small Business (SB), (8)(a), Woman-Owned (WOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned (EDWOSB), Veteran-Owned and Operated (VOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, (SDVOSB), or Historically Underutilized Small Business-Zone (HUBZone), Historically Black College and Universities/ Minority Institutions (HBCU/MI)) 2. Qualifications in Thermal Imaging/Infrared Technology for this effort or like efforts 3. Does your company possess the technical data and capability to manufacture the CITV and its components? If you do not presently manufacture the CITV, components, how long would it take your company to develop, test, qualify, manufacture, and deliver a CITV system and system components which are fully interchangeable with the original equipment manufacturer? 4. Provide the requested information for up to five (5) projects your company/team has performed within the past five (5) years. For each project, provide responses to the set of questions below. Agency/Customer: Project Name: If you have experience as a prime contractor, please provide as much of the following information as possible: Number of task orders you were prime on Contract number(s) Identify the agency or non-government customer, Point of Contact (POC), e-mail address, phone number, and a brief description of your direct support of the effort. If you are unwilling to share your customer's identity, please address whether your company offers the same or similar items commercially. Aggregate dollar value of entire contract Aggregate dollar value of task orders you were the prime on Is the work similar in scope to that of the above performance capabilities and attributes? Period of Performance (for base and options) Were you the Prime or Subcontractor? % of Work Performed Description of Work Performed Security Clearance Requirements (number of personnel and level of clearance and/or designation) 5. Is your company planning on business arrangements with other companies? If so, please describe the process used in selecting members. 6. Please provide details regarding proposed joint ventures, teaming arrangements, strategic alliances, and/or other business arrangements to satisfy these requirements. Respondents are encouraged to identify teams, indicating each team member's size based upon the NAICS code of the work that the team member may be doing. 7. Does your company have a SECRET facility or access to one should it be required? 8. Does your company have an adequate number of employees who have a SECRET clearance who can perform the activities required to manufacture the components listed in attachment 001? 9. Discuss existing production capacity. What is the current maximum capacity and lead times for producing CITVs and the associated subcomponents listed in attachment #001? If you do not currently have a production line, how long would it take to establish one? Additionally, what quantities per year are necessary to maintain an efficient industrial base? Please provide information on your approach to supply chain management and any current risks to maintaining an effective production line. 10. Describe how you will either produce or subcontract for each component or assembly. Please identify sources of supply for any components or assemblies for which you intend to subcontract production. Please identify if this would be a new or established relationship for these components. 11. Does your firm possess an approved Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) accounting system? QUESTIONS 12 - 15 ONLY APPLY TO THE SMALL BUSINESS RESPONDENTS: In addition to the above, small businesses responding should provide the following information: 12. If you are a small business and plan to be the prime, please inform how you will meet the limitations on subcontracting Clause 52.219-14. 13.If you identify your company as a Small Business or any of the Small Business subcategories above, then is your company interested in being a prime on this contract? 14. Under the current SB size standard, do you anticipate your company remaining a small business for at least the next three years, under the stated NAICS code 334511? The Government will use this information to assist in determining if this effort is eligible as a small business set aside. 15. If you are a small business, can your company sustain if not paid for 90 calendar days? 16. Discuss existing production capacity, or required capacity if establishing a production line, and economic quantity requirements necessary to maintain that capacity and industrial base. 17. Please provide the following Point of Contact information on all responses: Company: Address: Point of Contact: Phone Number: Fax Numbers: Email Address: CAGE Code: DUNS Number: 18.Please identify your company's business size standard based on the North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code of 334511 for example. For more information, refer to http://www.sba.gov/content/table-small-business-size-standards: Large Business Concern Small Business (SB) Concern 8(a) Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) Woman-Owned Small Business Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) Veteran-Owned Small Business Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business The Government requests that interested parties with the capabilities to meet the above requirements should electronically submit White Papers of not more than fifteen (15) pages, 8.5" x 11" paper, 12-point, Times New Roman font, with a minimum of one (1) inch margins all around. Responses to Small Business Questions 12 thru 15 are not counted in the above stated twenty (20) page limitation. Any information submitted by respondents to this sources sought notice is totally voluntary and at no cost to the Government. This information will help the Government form its acquisition strategy. All information received in response to this sources sought synopsis that is marked "Proprietary" will be handled accordingly. Responses will not be returned nor will receipt be confirmed. Upon request, the Government will provide Interface Control and Performance Specifications only. To request copies, the request shall be submitted in writing or via Email. NO TELEPHONE REQUEST WILL BE HONORED. Requests must be submitted within 15 days after this notice. Initial responses should be submitted to the POC: Product Manager Ground Sensors (PM GS) 10221 Burbeck Road, Attention: Mr Vincent E. Ramirez, Bldg 399 Room 108, at Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5806 (vincent.e.ramirez4.civ@army.mil). Initial requests must include: Company name, Company and Government Entity (CAGE) Code, classified mailing address. Responses are due no later than 4:00 PM EST (local time at Fort Belvoir, VA) on 11 April 2026, Taylor L. Venanzi, Contract Specialist, email: taylor.l.venanzi.civ@army.mil Alexis R. Williams, Contracting Officer, email: alexis.r.williams.civ@army.mil Vincent E. Ramirez, PM GS, 2GEN FLIR Systems Engineer, Email: vincent.e.ramirez4.civ@army.mil Contracting Office Address: Army Contracting Command, APG-Fort Belvoir 10205 Burbeck Road, Bldg 362 Fort Belvoir VA 22060-5811 Point of Contact: Alexis R. Williams 520.669.7808 alexis.r.williams.civ@army.mil Contracting Office Address: ACC-APG-Belvoir, ATTN: CCCE-CW, 10205 Burbeck Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5863 Place of Performance: PM Ground Sensors, 10221Burbeck Road, Building 399, Fort Belvoir VA 22060-5806 Contracting Office Address: ACC-APG-Belvoir, ATTN: CCCE-CW, 10205 Burbeck Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5863 Point of Contact(s): Alexis R. Williams, 520.669.7808 ACC-APG-Belvoir Attachment 001 Type: Other (RFPs/RFIs, Responses to Questions, etc.) Label: Attachment 001

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Taylor Venanzi
  - Email: taylor.l.venanzi.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Alexis Williams
  - Email: alexis.r.williams.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . SEE ATTACHMENT 001 FOR A COMPLETE PARTS LIST Repair/refurbish of CITVs, CITV Subcomponents, and CCAs stated in #1 above. Engineering & Technical Services - Includes qualification testing, conformance inspection, obsolescence mitigation, and software maintenance Interface and Performance Requirements: The following list contains Performance Specifications that suppliers will need in order to be considered fully qualified for each of the items: Note: The following Performance Specifications cover the CITVs. MIL-PRF-12987771C Performance Specification for the Commanders Independent Thermal Viewer MIL-PRF-5009755G Performance Specification for the Standard Advanced Dewar Assembly Type II (SADA II) The following list contains Interface Control Documents that suppliers will need in order to be considered fully qualified: Note: The following Interface Control Documents cover the CITV. 19200-12991282C Interface Control Document for the 2GEN FLIR CITV A3190635H Interface Control Document for the SADA II The Contractor shall be able to manufacture all items listed in Table 001 to be compatible with all previously delivered 2GEN FLIR CITVs and CITV components. The Government does not have rights to a complete technical data package. For any questions regarding the above technical data or information, to include Attachment 0001 showing the CITV Parts List, contact the below POC: Alexis R. Williams, Contracting Officer, Email: alexis.r.williams.civ@army.mil Please note the following: There is no Government funding available for development and test of the CITV or its components. Deliveries of new procurements are required no later than 18 months after receipt of award (ARO). Foreign participation is excluded. As a condition of responding to this RFI, it is a requirement that all potential responders possess the means to properly store and work on information classified at the SECRET level. Sources responding to this Request for Information must provide the following information with as much detailed information as possible: Brief summary of the company Company Information Company Name: Company CAGE Code: Company DUNS Number. If your Company holds a GSA Schedule contract (541 or other), please provide the Schedule number Company Address: Company Phone #: Company email: Company Representative and Business Title: Company Socioeconomic Classification -- (Small Business (SB), (8)(a), Woman-Owned (WOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned (EDWOSB), Veteran-Owned and Operated (VOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, (SDVOSB), or Historically Underutilized Small Business-Zone (HUBZone), Historically Black College and Universities/ Minority Institutions (HBCU/MI)) 2. Qualifications in Thermal Imaging/Infrared Technology for this effort or like efforts 3. Does your company possess the technical data and capability to manufacture the CITV and its components? If you do not presently manufacture the CITV, components, how long would it take your company to develop, test, qualify, manufacture, and deliver a CITV system and system components which are fully interchangeable with the original equipment manufacturer? 4. Provide the requested information for up to five (5) projects your company/team has performed within the past five (5) years. For each project, provide responses to the set of questions below. Agency/Customer: Project Name: If you have experience as a prime contractor, please provide as much of the following information as possible: Number of task orders you were prime on Contract number(s) Identify the agency or non-government customer, Point of Contact (POC), e-mail address, phone number, and a brief description of your direct support of the effort. If you are unwilling to share your customer"s identity, please address whether your company offers the same or similar items commercially. Aggregate dollar value of entire contract Aggregate dollar value of task orders you were the prime on Is the work similar in scope to that of the above performance capabilities and attributes? Period of Performance (for base and options) Were you the Prime or Subcontractor? % of Work Performed Description of Work Performed Security Clearance Requirements (number of personnel and level of clearance and/or designation) 5. Is your company planning on business arrangements with other companies? If so, please describe the process used in selecting members. 6. Please provide details regarding proposed joint ventures, teaming arrangements, strategic alliances, and/or other business arrangements to satisfy these requirements. Respondents are encouraged to identify teams, indicating each team member"s size based upon the NAICS code of the work that the team member may be doing. 7. Does your company have a SECRET facility or access to one should it be required? 8. Does your company have an adequate number of employees who have a SECRET clearance who can perform the activities required to manufacture the components listed in attachment 001? 9. Discuss existing production capacity. What is the current maximum capacity and lead times for producing CITVs and the associated subcomponents listed in attachment #001? If you do not currently have a production line, how long would it take to establish one? Additionally, what quantities per year are necessary to maintain an efficient industrial base? Please provide information on your approach to supply chain management and any current risks to maintaining an effective production line. 10. Describe how you will either produce or subcontract for each component or assembly. Please identify sources of supply for any components or assemblies for which you intend to subcontract production. Please identify if this would be a new or established relationship for these components. 11. Does your firm possess an approved Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA) accounting system? QUESTIONS 12 - 15 ONLY APPLY TO THE SMALL BUSINESS RESPONDENTS: In addition to the above, small businesses responding should provide the following information: 12. If you are a small business and plan to be the prime, please inform how you will meet the limitations on subcontracting Clause 52.219-14. 13.If you identify your company as a Small Business or any of the Small Business subcategories above, then is your company interested in being a prime on this contract? 14. Under the current SB size standard, do you anticipate your company remaining a small business for at least the next three years, under the stated NAICS code 334511? The Government will use this information to assist in determining if this effort is eligible as a small business set aside. 15. If you are a small business, can your company sustain if not paid for 90 calendar days? 16. Discuss existing production capacity, or required capacity if establishing a production line, and economic quantity requirements necessary to maintain that capacity and industrial base. 17. Please provide the following Point of Contact information on all responses: Company: Address: Point of Contact: Phone Number: Fax Numbers: Email Address: CAGE Code: DUNS Number: 18.Please identify your company"s business size standard based on the North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code of 334511 for example. For more information, refer to http://www.sba.gov/content/table-small-business-size-standards: Large Business Concern Small Business (SB) Concern 8(a) Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) Woman-Owned Small Business Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) Veteran-Owned Small Business Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business The Government requests that interested parties with the capabilities to meet the above requirements should electronically submit White Papers of not more than fifteen (15) pages, 8.5" x 11" paper, 12-point, Times New Roman font, with a minimum of one (1) inch margins all around. Responses to Small Business Questions 12 thru 15 are not counted in the above stated twenty (20) page limitation. Any information submitted by respondents to this sources sought notice is totally voluntary and at no cost to the Government. This information will help the Government form its acquisition strategy. All information received in response to this sources sought synopsis that is marked "Proprietary" will be handled accordingly. Responses will not be returned nor will receipt be confirmed. Upon request, the Government will provide Interface Control and Performance Specifications only. To request copies, the request shall be submitted in writing or via Email. NO TELEPHONE REQUEST WILL BE HONORED. Requests must be submitted within 15 days after this notice. Initial responses should be submitted to the POC: Product Manager Ground Sensors (PM GS) 10221 Burbeck Road, Attention: Mr Vincent E. Ramirez, Bldg 399 Room 108, at Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5806 (vincent.e.ramirez4.civ@army.mil). Initial requests must include: Company name, Company and Government Entity (CAGE) Code, classified mailing address. Responses are due no later than 4:00 PM EST (local time at Fort Belvoir, VA) on 11 April 2026, Taylor L. Venanzi, Contract Specialist, email: taylor.l.venanzi.civ@army.mil Alexis R. Williams, Contracting Officer, email: alexis.r.williams.civ@army.mil Vincent E. Ramirez, PM GS, 2GEN FLIR Systems Engineer, Email: vincent.e.ramirez4.civ@army.mil Contracting Office Address: Army Contracting Command, APG-Fort Belvoir 10205 Burbeck Road, Bldg 362 Fort Belvoir VA 22060-5811 Point of Contact: Alexis R. Williams 520.669.7808 alexis.r.williams.civ@army.mil Contracting Office Address: ACC-APG-Belvoir, ATTN: CCCE-CW, 10205 Burbeck Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5863 Place of Performance: PM Ground Sensors, 10221Burbeck Road, Building 399, Fort Belvoir VA 22060-5806 Contracting Office Address: ACC-APG-Belvoir, ATTN: CCCE-CW, 10205 Burbeck Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22060-5863 Point of Contact(s): Alexis R. Williams, 520.669.7808 ACC-APG-Belvoir Attachment 001 Type: Other (RFPs/RFIs, Responses to Questions, etc.) Label: Attachment 001

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/845b4439a0264aab8fb557a1e348bb90/view)