---
layout: default
title: Inactive Duty Training Lodging & Feeding
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 9ea908e560104aeca1bd4b2494e01b15
---

# Inactive Duty Training Lodging & Feeding

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 15:49:59.079-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S8H26Q0011

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ), solicitation number W50S8H-26-Q-0011, in accordance with FAR Parts 12 and 13, and is in accordance with provisions and clauses effective in Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC 2026-01 effective 13 March 2026). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number is 721110 and the small business size standard is $40,000,000.00. This acquisition is 100% competitive set-aside for SBA-Certified Woman-Owned Small Businesses. The intent of this combined synopsis/solicitation is to issue a single award Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) with a period of performance of 9 April 2026 through 31 March 2028. The Government requires inactive duty (IDT) lodging and feeding support at the below listed locations on a varying basis. Though the IDT schedule is known the exact number of nightly IDT rooms and lunch meals needed under this BPA will not be known until 5 calendar days prior to each drill weekend. BPA calls are expected to be issued to fund lodging room nights as well as lunch meals. All invoicing shall be conducted through Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). When checking in, though individual service members will need to have the ability to sign up for the next drill weekend, a master lodging roster shall be sent to the contractor no later than 5 calendar days in advance of rooms being needed. A master feeding roster shall be provided to the contractor no later than 5 calendar days in advance of meals being needed. The contractor must also provide support for rescheduled IDT lodging rooms performed at times differently than the posted drill schedule. The contractor shall be provided the number and location of needed rooms no later than 5 calendar days prior to them being needed. ***Amendment to Add the Following Two Paragraphs as of April 2, 2026 at 3:50PM EST*** The offeror shall be evaluated on the ability to provide the required nightly rooms at all locations needed either at or below the GSA per diem nightly rate for the specific locality and correct time of the calendar year due to fluctuations during peak / off-peak seasons. The offeror shall also be evaluated on the ability to provide the required lunch meals either at or below the GSA per diem lunch meal rate. Finally, the contractor shall be evaluated on their ability to provide a capabilities statement. All parking must be included at all hotel facilities. In the offer, offerors must indicate the amount of lead time needed for the Government to make room reservations and place lunch meal orders as well as the lead time needed to make cancellations or adjustments for both rooms and meals either as an increase or decrease. Line Items: CLIN 0001 – 180 Each – Off-Peak Season Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 107th Attack Wing, 9910 Blewett Avenue, Niagara Falls, NY 14304. Approximately 180 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0002 – 60 Each – Peak Season Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 107th Attack Wing, 9910 Blewett Avenue, Niagara Falls, NY 14304. Approximately 60 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0003 – 1440 Each – Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 274th ASOS, 6001 East Molloy Road, Syracuse, NY 13211. Approximately 1440 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is May 1, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0004 – 576 Each – Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 525 Brooks Road, Rome, NY 13441. Approximately 576 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0005 – 24 Each – September Through October Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 7900 Telegraph Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22315. Approximately 24 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0006 – 48 Each – November Through February Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 7900 Telegraph Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22315. Approximately 48 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0007 – 48 Each – March Through June Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 7900 Telegraph Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22315. Approximately 48 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0008 – 24 Each – July Through August Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 7900 Telegraph Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22315. Approximately 24 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0009 – 48 Each – Lodging Room Rates Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 105th Air Wing, 1 Militia Way, Newburgh, NY 12550. Approximately 48 rooms are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final room count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first night of arrival. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. The Government will not pay more than the applicable GSA Per Diem nightly room rate for the location lodging is provided. - Doubling of all service members is required for enlisted ranks E1 through E8 and officer ranks O4 and below. CLIN 0010 – 672 Each – In-Person Lunch Meals Provided Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 525 Brooke Avenue, Rome, NY 13441. Approximately 672 lunch meals are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final meal count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first day meals are required. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. CLIN 0011 – 1152 Each – In-Person Lunch Meals Provided Within a 10-Mile Driving Distance of: 7900 Telegraph Road, Fort Belvoir, VA 22315. Approximately 1152 lunch meals are required over a 2 calendar year period. A final meal count will be provided no later than 5 calendar days in advance of the first day meals are required. - Period of Performance is April 9, 2026 through March 31, 2028. - Award will be based on lowest price & a review of the contractor-provided capability statement. Address for Program Management is: 107th Force Support Services 2260 Johnson Street Niagara Falls ARS, NY 14304 Protests to NG Protest Decision Authority shall be filed at: National Guard Bureau Office of the Director of Acquisitions ATTN: NGB-AQ-O 111 S. George Mason Dr. Arlington, VA 22204 Email: ng.ncr.ngb-arng.mbx.ngb-task-order-ombudsman@mail.mil A. Offerors must comply with all instructions contained in FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items. B. Offerors shall remit a completed copy of the REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS IAW FAR 52.212-3, following the instructions as provided in the clause. C. By offer submission in response to this synopsis the offeror agrees to comply with all terms and conditions IAW FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items. D. The following PROVISIONS/CLAUSES to be incorporated into this RFQ and subsequent order as applicable: CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (Full text can be accessed at: http://www.acquisition.gov) 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct. 2021-11 52.204-7 System for Award Management. 2024-11 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance. 2018-10 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting. 2020-08 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance. 2020-08 52.204-29 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Representation and Disclosures. 2023-12 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 2023-09 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 2023-11 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 2011-09 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights. 2022-12 252.203-7003 Agency Office of the Inspector General. 2019-08 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 2022-09 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services. 2023-01 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System. 2023-03 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation. 2023-01 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium. 2023-01 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program. 2024-02 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors. 2022-03 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities. 2022-04 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 2022-05 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 2023-01 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region-Representation. 2023-06 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. 2023-06 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports. 2018-12 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments. 2006-12 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services. 2023-11 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea. 2024-10 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY FULL TEXT 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Alternate I) 2025-10 Alternate I 2024-02 Alternate I (Feb 2024). As prescribed in 12.301 (b)(2), add the following paragraph (c)(12) to the basic provision: (12) (Complete if the offeror has represented itself as disadvantaged in paragraph (c)(5) of this provision.) [ ] Black American. [ ] Hispanic American. [ ] Native American (American Indians, Eskimos, Aleuts, or Native Hawaiians). [ ] Asian-Pacific American (persons with origins from Burma, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Brunei, Japan, China, Taiwan, Laos, Cambodia (Kampuchea), Vietnam, Korea, The Philippines, Republic of Palau, Republic of the Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Samoa, Macao, Hong Kong, Fiji, Tonga, Kiribati, Tuvalu, or Nauru). [ ] Subcontinent Asian (Asian-Indian) American (persons with origins from India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, the Maldives Islands, or Nepal). [ ] Individual/concern, other than one of the preceding. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders -Commercial Products and Commercial Services.(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 and 2025-O0004) 2025-10 Deviation 2025-O0004 2025-03 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2025) (DEVIATION 2025-O0003 and 2025-O0004) (a) The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: (1) 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (2) 52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (3) 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (4) 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015). (5) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) (31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801). (6) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (Aug 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553). (7) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) (Public Laws 108-77 and 108-78 ( 19 U.S.C. 3805 note)). (b) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] [X] (1) 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020), with Alternate I (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4704 and 10 U.S.C. 4655). [X] (2) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509)). [ ] (3) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Jun 2010) (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-5). (Applies to contracts funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.) [ ] (4) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) (41 U.S.C. 4712); this clause does not apply to contracts of DoD, NASA, the Coast Guard, or applicable elements of the intelligence community-see FAR 3.900(a). [X] (5) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note). [ ] (6) [Reserved]. [ ] (7) 52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). [ ] (8) 52.204-15, Service Contract Reporting Requirements for Indefinite-Delivery Contracts (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). [ ] (9) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). [X] (10) 52.204-28, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, and Multi-Agency Contracts. (Dec 2023) (Pub. L. 115-390, title II). [X] (11) (i) 52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Prohibition. (Dec 2023) (Pub. L. 115-390, title II). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204-30. [X] (12) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note). [ ] (13) 52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018) (41 U.S.C. 2313). [ ] (14) [Reserved]. [ ] (15) 52.219-3, Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole-Source Award (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657a). [ ] (16) 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (if the offeror elects to waive the preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a). [ ] (17) [Reserved] [X] (18) (i) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-6. [ ] (19) (i) 52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-7. [ ] (20) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025)(15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)). [ ] (21) (i) 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. [ ] (iii) Alternate II (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. [ ] (iv) Alternate III (Jun 2020) of 52.219-9. [ ] (v) Alternate IV (Jan 2025) of 52.219-9. [ ] (22) (i) 52.219-13, Notice of Set-Aside of Orders (Mar 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-13. [ ] (23) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657s). [ ] (24) 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages-Subcontracting Plan (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F) (i)). [ ] (25) 52.219-27, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Concerns Eligible Under the SDVOSB Program (Feb 2024) (15 U.S.C. 657f). [X] (26) (i) 52.219-28, Postaward Small Business Program Rerepresentation (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 632 (a)(2)). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-28. [ ] (27) 52.219-29, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). [X] (28) 52.219-30, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). [ ] (29) 52.219-32, Orders Issued Directly Under Small Business Reserves (Mar 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)). [ ] (30) 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)). [X] (31) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (Jun 2003) (E.O.11755). [X] (32) 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan 2025)(E.O. 13126). [ ] (33) [Reserved] [ ] (34) [Reserved] [X] (35) (i) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-35. [X] (36) (i) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-36. [X] (37) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). [ ] (38) 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). [X] (39) (i) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O.13627). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). [ ] (40) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2025) (Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial products or commercial services as prescribed in FAR 22.1803.) [ ] (41) (i) 52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (May 2008) ( 42 U.S.C. 6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) [ ] (ii) Alternate I (May 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(C)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) [ ] (42) 52.223-11, Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (May 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). [ ] (43) 52.223-12, Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (May 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). [ ] (44) 52.223-20, Aerosols (May 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). [ ] (45) 52.223-21, Foams (May 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). [ ] (46) 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (MAR 2025) (DEVIATION 2025-O0004)) (7 U.S.C. 8102, 42 U.S.C. 6962, 42 U.S.C. 8259b, and 42 U.S.C. 7671l). [ ] (47) (i) 52.224-3 Privacy Training (Jan 2017) (5 U.S.C. 552 a). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3. [ ] (48) (i) 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Oct 2022) of 52.225-1. [ ] (49) (i) 52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (NOV 2023) (19 U.S.C. 3301 note, 19 U.S.C. 2112 note, 19 U.S.C. 3805 note, 19 U.S.C. 4001 note, 19 U.S.C. chapter 29 (sections 4501-4732), Public Law 103-182, 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 108-302, 109-53, 109- 169, 109-283, 110-138, 112-41, 112-42, and 112-43. [ ] (ii) Alternate I [Reserved]. [ ] (iii) Alternate II (Jan 2025) of 52.225-3. [ ] (iv) Alternate III (Feb 2024) of 52.225-3. [ ] (v) Alternate IV (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3. [ ] (50) 52.225-5, Trade Agreements (NOV 2023) (19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note). [X] (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.'s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). [ ] (52) 52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) (Section 862, as amended, of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note). [ ] (53) 52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). [ ] (54) 52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). [ ] (55) 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) (E.O. 13513). [ ] (56) 52.229-12, Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements (Feb 2021). [ ] (57) 52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). [ ] (58) 52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). [X] (59) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct2018) (31 U.S.C. 3332). [ ] (60) 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) (31 U.S.C. 3332). [ ] (61) 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (May 2014) (31 U.S.C. 3332). [ ] (62) 52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (Aug 1996) (5 U.S.C. 552a). [ ] (63) 52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered Foreign Entities (Nov 2024) (Sections 1821-1826, Pub. L. 118-31, 41 U.S.C. 3901 note prec.). [ ] (64) 52.242-5, Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Jan 2017) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(13)). [ ] (65) (i) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2021) (46 U.S.C. 55305 and 10 U.S.C. 2631). [ ] (ii) Alternate I (Apr 2003) of 52.247-64. [ ] (iii) Alternate II (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64. (c) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial services, that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] [ ] (1) 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter67). [ ] (2) 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). [ ] (3) 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). [ ] (4) 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (May 2014) ( 29U.S.C.206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). [ ] (5) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). [ ] (6) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). [X] (7) 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan2022). [X] (8) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706). [ ] (9) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (Jun 2020) (42 U.S.C. 1792). [ ] (10) 52.247-69, Reporting Requirement for U.S.-Flag Air Carriers Regarding Training to Prevent Human Trafficking (Jan 2025) (49 U.S.C. 40118(g)). (d) Comptroller General Examination of Record. The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d) if this contract was awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, as defined in FAR 2.101, on the date of award of this contract, and does not contain the clause at 52.215-2, Audit and Records-Negotiation. (1) The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to and right to examine any of the Contractor's directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract. (2) The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for examination, audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in FAR subpart 4.7, Contractor Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. If this contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be made available for 3 years after any resulting final termination settlement. Records relating to appeals under the disputes clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or relating to this contract shall be made available until such appeals, litigation, or claims are finally resolved. (3) As used in this clause, records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type and regardless of form. This does not require the Contractor to create or maintain any record that the Contractor does not maintain in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to a provision of law. (e)(1) Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this clause, the Contractor is not required to flow down any FAR clause, other than those in this paragraph (e)(1), in a subcontract for commercial products or commercial services. Unless otherwise indicated below, the extent of the flow down shall be as required by the clause- (i) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509). (ii) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) (41 U.S.C. 4712). (iii) 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (iv) 52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (v) 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (vi) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). (vii)(A) 52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Prohibition. (Dec 2023) (Pub. L. 115-390, title II). (B) Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204-30. (viii) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)), in all subcontracts that offer further subcontracting opportunities. If the subcontract (except subcontracts to small business concerns) exceeds the applicable threshold specified in FAR 19.702(a) on the date of subcontract award, the subcontractor must include 52.219-8 in lower tier subcontracts that offer subcontracting opportunities. (ix) [Reserved] (x) [Reserved] (xi) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (xii) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). (xiii) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (xiv) 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (f) of FAR clause 52.222-40. (xv) 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xvi) (A) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). (B) Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C....

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Philip J Rott
  - Email: philip.rott@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7162362493
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer DeWispelaere
  - Email: jennifer.dewispelaere@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7162362520

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9ea908e560104aeca1bd4b2494e01b15/view)