---
layout: default
title: DACA675260009200 — U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) seeks to lease approximately 1400-1800 square feet of office space in Vancouver, Washington for an Armed Forces Career Center (Army Medical Recruiting Office)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 54435d66f0174c57a31939681cc07770
---

# DACA675260009200 — U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) seeks to lease approximately 1400-1800 square feet of office space in Vancouver, Washington for an Armed Forces Career Center (Army Medical Recruiting Office)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 09:43:58.123-04
- Solicitation Number: 442911

## Summary

The U.S. Government, by and through United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), seeks to lease the following space: State: Washington City: Vancouver Delineated Area: North: NE 179th Street South: State Highway 500 / E. 4th Plain Blvd / NE 28th Street East: NE 162nd Ave West: NW Lakeshore Ave Gross Square Feet: 1,416 - 1,770 Net Square Feet: 1,180 - 1,475 Space Type: Office GOV Parking Spaces (Total): 3 Full Term: 60 months Option Term: None Address: U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Seattle District, ATTN: CENWS-RES, 4735 East Marginal Way South, Building 1202, Seattle, Washington 98134-2388 Email Address: cenwsre-rfp@usace.army.mil Real Estate Contracting Officer: Thomas J. Seymour will be signing the lease for the Government. Electronic Offer Submission: Offers must be submitted electronically via email listed above. Offers are due on or before: April 24, 2025. Any questions regarding this solicitation may be directed to Primary or Secondary Points of Contact listed in the “Contact Information” section of this notice. The U.S. Government, by and through USACE, currently occupies office space in a building under a lease in the city and state specified above. The Government is considering relocation to an alternative space if economically advantageous. In making this determination, the Government will consider, among other things, the availability of alternative space that can potentially satisfy the Government's requirements, as well as costs likely to be incurred through relocating, such as physical move costs, replication of tenant improvements and telecommunication infrastructure, non-productive agency downtime, and costs, including rent, related to vacating the current location prior to lease termination. The Government's desire is for a full-service lease to include base rent, CAM, utilities, and janitorial services for office space for an Armed Forces Career Center for a term of five (5) years with Government termination rights and location within the delineated area specified above. Non-exclusive parking for government vehicles must be provided 24 hours 7 days. Offered space must meet Government requirements per the terms of the Government Lease. Interested respondents may include building owners and representatives with the exclusive right to represent building owners. Representatives of building owners must include the exclusivity granting the exclusive right to represent the building owner with their response to this advertisement. Additional Requirements: Space for three (3) Government vehicles Space must be located in a prime office space with attractive surroundings with a prevalence of modern design and/or tasteful rehabilitation in modern use. Space shall be located in a professional office setting and preferably not within close proximity to residential areas, railroad tracks, or power transmission lines. Space should not be located within the 100-year flood plain or wetland unless the Government has determined it to be the only practicable alternative. Space should not be located near establishments whose primary operation is the sale of alcoholic beverages, firearms sold/discharged, marijuana dispensaries, or where there are tenants or invitees related to drug treatment or detention facilities. Employee and visitor entrances of the building must be connected to public sidewalks or street by continuous, accessible sidewalks. Regularly scheduled public transportation (if provided by municipality) during the workday is required within 1,000 feet. Parking must be available per local code and be available within four walkable blocks from the building. The parking-to-square-foot ratio available onsite shall at least meet current local code requirements. Restricted or metered parking of one hour or less within the four-block area of the space does not meet parking requirements. Subleases are not acceptable. Space configuration shall be conducive to an efficient layout. Considerations for an efficient layout include, but are not limited to, the following: size and location of interior fire (support) walls, size and number of columns, column placement, bay depths, window size and placement, convector size and placement, electrical and telephone accessibility, and angles, curves, or offsets that will result in an inefficient use of space. The following space configurations will not be considered: Space with atriums and other areas interrupting contiguous space, extremely long or narrow runs of space (more than twice as long as wide), irregularly shaped space configurations or other unusual building features adversely affecting usage. Columns cannot exceed two (2') square feet and space between columns and/or walls cannot be less than twenty (20') feet. The offered space must meet or be capable of meeting Government requirements for Security, Fire Life Safety and Handicapped Accessibility. If space offered is above ground level, there must be elevator access. The Government requires a fully serviced lease. All services, janitorial supplies, utilities, and tenant alterations are to be provided as part of the rental consideration. The Government will have access to the space 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Normal hours of operation are Monday through Friday 0900 to 1700 (excluding weekends and Federal holidays). Additionally, offerors must review the attached documents which contain other Government leasing requirements: Request for Lease Proposals Exhibit A – Rental Proposal Worksheet, USACE Recruiting Form 1364 Exhibit B – U. S. Government Lease for Real Property Exhibit C – General Clauses, GSA Template 3517B Exhibit D – Construction and Security Specifications Exhibit E – Construction Specifications Bid Proposal Worksheet Exhibit F – Janitorial Specifications Exhibit G – SAM Representations and Certifications, GSA Form 3518 Exhibit H – Lessor’s Annual Cost Statement, GSA Form 1217 Exhibit I – Certificate of Authorization Exhibit J – Agency Agreement, Authorization for Property Manager to Act on Behalf of Owner (where applicable) To be responsive, your offer should be based on all the terms, conditions, and responsibilities expressed throughout the RLP and Lease and be submitted electronically. Please review the RLP and all attachments carefully paying particular attention to the solicitation requirements. The following forms must be completed, initialed, and/or signed and returned electronically with your initial offer. (Note: There may be other required forms. Refer to the enclosed RLP for details.) Exhibit A – Rental Proposal Worksheet, USACE Recruiting Form 1364 Exhibit E – Construction Specifications Bid Proposal Worksheet For your proposal for new builds, please ensure that you obtain at least three (3) bids from contractors to complete the build-out based on the Construction and Security Specifications. Once you have obtained contractors’ bids, please complete, sign, and submit the attached Rental Proposal Worksheet and Construction Specifications Bid Proposal Worksheet. For existing spaces, please complete, sign, and submit the attached Rental Proposal Worksheet only; a completed Construction Specifications Bid Proposal Worksheet is not required. Exhibit G – SAM Representations and Certifications, GSA Form 3518 (if offeror is not registered in SAM at the time of the offer submission) Exhibit H – Lessor’s Annual Cost Statement, GSA Form 1217 Exhibit K – Seismic Offer Forms (where applicable) Evidence of ownership (warranty deed) or control of building or site. Please note that you are not required to initial and return the following documents at this time: Request for Lease Proposal (RLP) Exhibit B – U. S. Government Lease for Real Property Exhibit C – General Clauses, GSA Template 3517B Exhibit D – Construction and Security Specifications Exhibit F – Janitorial Specifications Exhibit I – Certificate of Authorization Please review all the attached documents thoroughly to obtain a complete understanding of the Government’s requirements. One item of note in the General Clauses, GSA Form 3517B, is the requirement to register in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.SAM.gov (General Clause 17, CFR 52.204-7). This registration is mandatory for any entity wishing to do business with the Government and must be completed at the time of lease award. Entities not currently registered in SAM are advised to start the registration process as soon as possible. After receipt of all proposals, conclusions of any discussions, and receipt of best and final offers, the Government will select a location based on the best value specified in the enclosed RLP. Past performance, if applicable, will also be taken into consideration. The selection is expected to occur approximately thirty (30) days following the initial proposal response date stated above. A Government market survey, appraisal, or value estimate will be conducted to determine fair market rental value. Offered space must meet Government requirements for fire safety, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the Lease. Offered space shall not be in the 1-percent-annual chance floodplain (formerly referred to as “100-year” floodplain). Entities are advised to familiarize themselves with the telecommunications prohibitions outlined under Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), as implemented by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). For more information, visit: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B. Funds may or may not be presently available for this effort. No award will be made under this solicitation until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date for receipt of proposals. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse offeror(s) for any cost.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew James
  - Email: matthew.james@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2067024293
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mike Arne
  - Email: Michael.L.Arne@usace.army.mi
  - Phone: 2064983911

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Rental Proposal Worksheet, USACE Recruiting Form 1364 Exhibit B – U. S. Government Lease for Real Property Exhibit C – General Clauses, GSA Template 3517B Exhibit D – Construction and Security Specifications Exhibit E – Construction Specifications Bid Proposal Worksheet Exhibit F – Janitorial Specifications Exhibit G – SAM Representations and Certifications, GSA Form 3518 Exhibit H – Lessor’s Annual Cost Statement, GSA Form 1217 Exhibit I – Certificate of Authorization Exhibit J – Agency Agreement, Authorization for Property Manager to Act on Behalf of Owner (where applicable) To be responsive, your offer should be based on all the terms, conditions, and responsibilities expressed throughout the RLP and Lease and be submitted electronically. Please review the RLP and all attachments carefully paying particular attention to the solicitation requirements. The following forms must be completed, initialed, and/or signed and returned electronically with your initial offer. (Note: There may be other required forms. Refer to the enclosed RLP for details.) Exhibit A – Rental Proposal Worksheet, USACE Recruiting Form 1364 Exhibit E – Construction Specifications Bid Proposal Worksheet For your proposal for new builds, please ensure that you obtain at least three (3) bids from contractors to complete the build-out based on the Construction and Security Specifications. Once you have obtained contractors’ bids, please complete, sign, and submit the attached Rental Proposal Worksheet and Construction Specifications Bid Proposal Worksheet. For existing spaces, please complete, sign, and submit the attached Rental Proposal Worksheet only; a completed Construction Specifications Bid Proposal Worksheet is not required. Exhibit G – SAM Representations and Certifications, GSA Form 3518 (if offeror is not registered in SAM at the time of the offer submission) Exhibit H – Lessor’s Annual Cost Statement, GSA Form 1217 Exhibit K – Seismic Offer Forms (where applicable) Evidence of ownership (warranty deed) or control of building or site. Please note that you are not required to initial and return the following documents at this time: Request for Lease Proposal (RLP) Exhibit B – U. S. Government Lease for Real Property Exhibit C – General Clauses, GSA Template 3517B Exhibit D – Construction and Security Specifications Exhibit F – Janitorial Specifications Exhibit I – Certificate of Authorization Please review all the attached documents thoroughly to obtain a complete understanding of the Government’s requirements. One item of note in the General Clauses, GSA Form 3517B, is the requirement to register in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.SAM.gov (General Clause 17, CFR 52.204-7). This registration is mandatory for any entity wishing to do business with the Government and must be completed at the time of lease award. Entities not currently registered in SAM are advised to start the registration process as soon as possible. After receipt of all proposals, conclusions of any discussions, and receipt of best and final offers, the Government will select a location based on the best value specified in the enclosed RLP. Past performance, if applicable, will also be taken into consideration. The selection is expected to occur approximately thirty (30) days following the initial proposal response date stated above. A Government market survey, appraisal, or value estimate will be conducted to determine fair market rental value. Offered space must meet Government requirements for fire safety, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the Lease. Offered space shall not be in the 1-percent-annual chance floodplain (formerly referred to as “100-year” floodplain). Entities are advised to familiarize themselves with the telecommunications prohibitions outlined under Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), as implemented by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). For more information, visit: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B. Funds may or may not be presently available for this effort. No award will be made under this solicitation until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date for receipt of proposals. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse offeror(s) for any cost

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/54435d66f0174c57a31939681cc07770/view)