---
layout: default
title: 6515--COMPUTER-AIDED DETECTION SYSTEMS
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fd0c941e9b794510b288a25ffa9080fc
---

# 6515--COMPUTER-AIDED DETECTION SYSTEMS

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 17:32:54.055-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0554
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR MARKET RESEARCH AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION 1. Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research only to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of Small Businesses, including Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB/VOSB), who are interested in submitting proposals for this procurement and who are capable of performing the work required for this procurement. 2. The NAICS for this requirement is 339112 Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing 3. The Contractor shall supply, install, configure, and validate a computer aided detection system product and provide on-going technical support and maintenance services for that installed software product for the San Diego VA Medical Center located in San Diego, California. The required supply item (computer aided detection system product) must take in data from multiple VA legacy systems, including Veterans Health Information Systems and Technology Architecture (VistA)/Computerized Patient Record System (CPRS), to provide ongoing surveillance and real-time alerts of clinical activity to VA clinical staff. The required services (installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance for computer aided detection system) shall be provided by the contractor along with all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described in the attached DRAFT Statement of Work (SOW). 4. Interested and capable Contractors are encouraged to respond to this notice not later than Wednesday, April 1, 2026 at 03:00 PM PST, by providing the following information via email only to hanan.mccullick@va.gov. (a) Company name (b) Address (c) Point of contact (d) Phone, fax, and email of primary point of contact (e) Contractor s Unique Entity ID (SAM) number (f) Type of small business, if applicable, (e.g. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Woman Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, or Small Business). (g) Statement indicating whether your company is considered small under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (h) Statement indicating the product name of the computer aided detection system product referenced above that you intend to provide for this procurement. (i) Statement indicating whether you are the manufacturer of the computer aided detection system product that you intend to provide for this procurement. If you intend to provide a computer aided detection system product manufactured by a company other than your own, state the name of the company whose computer aided detection system product you intend to provide, the country of origin for the computer aided detection system product you intend to provide, and whether the company that manufactures that product is a small business under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (j) Statement indicating if you have a current contract to provide the computer aided detection system product that you intend to provide for this procurement, along with the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement, under either the General Services Administration s Federal Supply Schedule or with NAC, NASA SEWP, or any other federal contract. If yes, provide the contract type and contract number, as well as the identity of the federal agency with whom you hold that contract. (k) Statement indicating how many calendar days you estimate it would take you to install, configure, and validate the computer aided detection system product that you intend to provide for this procurement in a medical center similar to the San Diego VA Medical Center. (l) General pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. (m) A capability statement that provides detailed information for one or more reference contracts that demonstrate your experience providing computer aided detection system that meets the requirements described in the attached DRAFT Statement of Work and demonstrates your experience providing the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract the respondent identifies as evidence of the respondent s capability to perform the work required by this procurement. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract: (1) the legal name of entity with whom the respondent held the contract; (2) the contract number; (3) a description providing details of the specific tasks the respondent performed under that contract; (4) the dates during which the respondent performed the contract; (5) the name, phone number, and email address of a person at the entity with whom the respondent held the contract who can verify the information the respondent provides regarding this reference contract. If a respondent offers to demonstrate experience through the proposed use of subcontractors, the respondent must identify the legal name of each subcontractor and provide all of the information required above for one or more reference contracts performed by each subcontractor the respondent intends to use. NOTE: The information requested above is required for the Government to evaluate whether there are sufficient small business concerns of a particular type who are capable of performing the work required by this procurement to determine if this procurement should be set aside for a given type of small business concern. FAILURE TO SUBMIT ALL OF THE INFORMATION REQUESTED ABOVE MAY BE VIEWED BY THE GOVERNMENT AS EVIDENCE THAT THE RESPONDENT LACKS THE ABILITY TO PROVIDE THE COMPUTER AIDED DETECTION SYSTEM AND SERVICES REQUIRED BY THIS PROCUREMENT. THIS, IN TURN, MAY AFFECT THE GOVERNMENT S DETERMINATION ABOUT WHETHER THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A SET-ASIDE PROCUREMENT HAVE BEEN MET. 5. All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database found at https://www.sam.gov. Registration must include Representations and Certifications. --End of Sources Sought Announcement-- DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES: SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Must provide real time parathyroid detection Must use near-infrared autofluorescence to confirm visually suspected parathyroid Must be up to 96% accurate in confirming parathyroid gland Must be compatible with Medtronic Console Software Must include one year warranty from date of purchase Vendor must provide onsite in person training on how to properly set up and operate the equipment STATEMENT OF WORK: The Contractor shall provide all management, tools, parts, materials, equipment, travel, and labor necessary to provide and install the instrumentation described above. Contractor will be required to provide an on-station in-service on the proper use and setup of the equipment and training to the end user. WARRANTY OF EQUIPMENT: Government requirement for standard manufacturer industry warranty term. The government does not accept an extended warranty, which requires advance payment. PERFORMANCE: All items are to be delivered and/or installed after receipt of purchase order. Delivery and receipt of the proposed items is anticipated to be directed at the location identified below. Confirmation of delivery location will be provided by the VA POC post-award. Delivery must be coordinated with VA COR POC Jose A Rodriguez (Cell): 858-210-5381 prior to any attempts at delivery. Any item that has not been coordinated will be turned away and any additional charges will be the responsibility of the sender/transportation company. Vendor`s responsibility will include offloading the equipment from the truck, moving the equipment to the correct delivery location in the space, uncrating or unboxing the equipment then removing all trash, and setting up the equipment according to the manufacturer`s specification followed by testing the equipment to verify that it is operational. Equipment installation paperwork & warranty information must be handed to the approved government contact onsite. Noncontract Charges: The contractor shall not perform any service that will result in additional charges without prior approval from the Contracting Officer. Waste Removal: The contractor is responsible for removing and properly disposing of all waste related to the services provided on-site at all VA facilities. All shipping for parts will be included in the cost of the contract. SECURITY Information Security The vendor shall ensure adequate LAN/Internet, data, information, and system security in accordance with VA standard operating procedures and standard contract language, conditions laws, and regulations. The vendor s firewall and web server shall meet or exceed the government minimum requirements for security. All government data shall be protected behind an approved firewall. Any security violations or attempted violations shall be reported to the VA Project Manager and the VBA Headquarters Information Security Officer as soon as possible. The vendor shall follow all applicable VA policies and procedures governing information security, especially those that pertain to certification accreditation. The contractor shall follow The Veterans Affair Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) security clause VAAR- 852.273-75 SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES sited in section C. Contract Clauses (a) The contractor and their personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA policies as VA personnel, regarding information and information system security. These include but are not limited to the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), Appendix III of OMB Circular A-130, and guidance and standards, available from the Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). This also includes the use of common security configurations available from NIST's Web site at: http://checklists.nist.gov (b) To ensure that appropriate security controls are in place, Contractors must follow the procedures set forth in "VA Information and Information System Security/Privacy Requirements for IT Contracts" located at the following Web site: http://www.iprm.oit.va.gov Contract Personnel Security All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affairs' computer systems shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C). The level of background security investigation will be in accordance with VA Directive 0710 dated September 10, 2004, and is available at: http://www.va.gov/pubs/asp/edsdirec.asp (VA Handbook 0710, Appendix A, Tables 1 - 3). Appropriate Background Investigation (BI) forms will be provided upon contract (or task order) award and are to be completed and returned to the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) within 30 days for processing. Contractors will be notified by 07C when the BI has been completed and adjudicated. These requirements are applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the security clearance investigation is not completed prior to the start date of the contract, the employee may work on the contract while the security clearance is being processed, but the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. In the event that damage arises from work performed by contractor personnel, under the auspices of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for the resources necessary to remedy the incident.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hanan McCullick
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hanan.Mccullick@va.gov
  - Phone: 562-766-2234

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of OMB Circular A-130, and guidance and standards, available from the Department of Commerce"s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). This also includes the use of common security configurations available from NIST"s Web site at: http://checklists.nist.gov (b) To ensure that appropriate security controls are in place, Contractors must follow the procedures set forth in "VA Information and Information System Security/Privacy Requirements for IT Contracts" located at the following Web site: http://www.iprm.oit.va.gov Contract Personnel Security All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affairs" computer systems shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C). The level of background security investigation will be in accordance with VA Directive 0710 dated September 10, 2004, and is available at: http://www.va.gov/pubs/asp/edsdirec.asp (VA Handbook 0710, Appendix A, Tables 1 - 3). Appropriate Background Investigation (BI) forms will be provided upon contract (or task order) award and are to be completed and returned to the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) within 30 days for processing. Contractors will be notified by 07C when the BI has been completed and adjudicated. These requirements are applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the security clearance investigation is not completed prior to the start date of the contract, the employee may work on the contract while the security clearance is being processed, but the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. In the event that damage arises from work performed by contractor personnel, under the auspices of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for the resources necessary to remedy the incident

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fd0c941e9b794510b288a25ffa9080fc/view)