---
layout: default
title: Pyrotechnics Explosive Products
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b18c21aead4c4de8959e3abe00c8f6e9
---

# Pyrotechnics Explosive Products

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-20 10:15:40.881-04
- Solicitation Number: DJA-26-AEET-PR-0290

## Summary

THIS NOTICE IS A SOURCES SOUGHT and market research PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL OR QUOTE. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. ALL QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS RFI SHALL BE IN WRITING. NO PHONE CALLS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Summary/ PURPOSE: The purpose of this Sources Sought is to ascertain the capabilities and past performance of qualified small and socio-economic program participants capable of providing Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. This includes 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses capable of providing and meeting the required Pyrotechnics Explosives Products under NAICS Code 713990 – All Other Amusement and Recreation Industries, and in accordance with Attachment A - Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. The Government anticipates a Single Award. BACKGROUND: The Department of Justice (DOJ) Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) National Center for Explosives Training and Research (NCETR) has a requirement to purchase Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The requirement is anticipated to be awarded by May 2026. The Government estimates (90) days delivery. The projected release date for the Request for Proposals (RFP) or Requests for Quote (RFQ) estimated late April or early May 2026. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE: The requirement is contemplated to be firm-fixed priced. RFI RESPONSE SUBMITTAL INFORMATION: If you are an 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses and are interested in providing Pyrotechnics Explosives Products in accordance with the attached Attachment A - Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. Responding vendors shall provide how the Pyrotechnics Explosives Products are packaged and provide your own list of available Pyrotechnics Explosives Products consistent to those listed in Attachment A – Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. All specifications must meet or exceed salient characteristics. A detail listing of specifications must be provided for “ALL” items. Please submit one (1) copy of your response in Microsoft Word and one (1) copy in PDF format. Each document should not exceed eight (8) one-sided 8 ½ x 11 pages per document. That is a total of not more than (16) pages, with one-inch margins, and font no smaller than 12-point. Should any vendor exceed the eight (8) page limit per document only the first eight (8) pages will be evaluated. Additionally, there is to be no cover page, table of contents, appendix or extensive emails; if submitted, each page will count towards the total page limit. Item #1. Company name, CAGE code, address, telephone number, a point of contact with email address and Unique Entity ID (UEI) under SAM.gov. Indicate business size status for the NAICS Code identified in this document. Item #2. A summary of the firm’s relevant past experience; to include a minimum of two (2) references in providing the same or similar Pyrotechnics Explosives Products as those required in the attached Attachment A - Pyrotechnics Explosives Products during the past (2) years, including any on-going contracts. Include contracting activities/agencies, contract numbers, contract value, contract period of performance, whether your company served as a prime contractor or subcontractor, and a point of contact (name, email address and telephone number) at the activity that can verify the information you are providing. Item #3. Capability Statement – Please describe in detail how you would fulfill the requirements of the Attachment A - Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. The Government will evaluate all responses and determine if the pool of interested 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses firms are capable of fulfilling this requirement. The Government does not intend to rank submitted capabilities based on the submission. It is highly recommended that, prior to submitting a response, all interested 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses vendors ensure the accuracy of their SAM.gov, CAGE code, and Unique Entity ID (UEI) information and status under the applicable NAICS Code NAICS Code 713990 – All Other Amusement and Recreation Industries, as these requirements are mandatory for any firm selected for award. Any interested 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses vendors capable of providing the required Pyrotechnics Explosives Products are encouraged to submit the information requested in items 1-3 for consideration, and inclusion in notice of additional information. Any questions shall be sent via email to Contract Officer, Brian Wilkins, at Brain.Wilkins@atf.gov not later than 12:00PM Eastern Time on April 22, 2026. Questions or comments regarding this notice must be emailed to Brian.Wilkins@atf.gov -- no telephone calls will be accepted. The capability package shall be sent via email to Contract Officer, Brian Wilkins, at Brain.Wilkins@atf.gov not later than 5:00PM Eastern Time on April 24, 2026, NO US-MAIL will be accepted. NOTE: No pricing information is requested. As noted above, this is not a Request for Proposals or Quotations. Responses to this Sources Sought are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Respondents should not submit any proprietary information when responding. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by respondents to this Sources Sought.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Wilkins
  - Email: Brian.Wilkins@atf.gov
  - Phone: 2026489120

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. The Government anticipates a Single Award. BACKGROUND: The Department of Justice (DOJ) Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) National Center for Explosives Training and Research (NCETR) has a requirement to purchase Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The requirement is anticipated to be awarded by May 2026. The Government estimates (90) days delivery. The projected release date for the Request for Proposals (RFP) or Requests for Quote (RFQ) estimated late April or early May 2026. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE: The requirement is contemplated to be firm-fixed priced. RFI RESPONSE SUBMITTAL INFORMATION: If you are an 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses and are interested in providing Pyrotechnics Explosives Products in accordance with the attached Attachment A - Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. Responding vendors shall provide how the Pyrotechnics Explosives Products are packaged and provide your own list of available Pyrotechnics Explosives Products consistent to those listed in Attachment A – Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. All specifications must meet or exceed salient characteristics. A detail listing of specifications must be provided for “ALL” items. Please submit one (1) copy of your response in Microsoft Word and one (1) copy in PDF format. Each document should not exceed eight (8) one-sided 8 ½ x 11 pages per document. That is a total of not more than (16) pages, with one-inch margins, and font no smaller than 12-point. Should any vendor exceed the eight (8) page limit per document only the first eight (8) pages will be evaluated. Additionally, there is to be no cover page, table of contents, appendix or extensive emails; if submitted, each page will count towards the total page limit. Item #1. Company name, CAGE code, address, telephone number, a point of contact with email address and Unique Entity ID (UEI) under SAM.gov. Indicate business size status for the NAICS Code identified in this document. Item #2. A summary of the firm’s relevant past experience; to include a minimum of two (2) references in providing the same or similar Pyrotechnics Explosives Products as those required in the attached Attachment A - Pyrotechnics Explosives Products during the past (2) years, including any on-going contracts. Include contracting activities/agencies, contract numbers, contract value, contract period of performance, whether your company served as a prime contractor or subcontractor, and a point of contact (name, email address and telephone number) at the activity that can verify the information you are providing. Item #3. Capability Statement – Please describe in detail how you would fulfill the requirements of the Attachment A - Pyrotechnics Explosives Products. The Government will evaluate all responses and determine if the pool of interested 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses firms are capable of fulfilling this requirement. The Government does not intend to rank submitted capabilities based on the submission. It is highly recommended that, prior to submitting a response, all interested 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses vendors ensure the accuracy of their SAM.gov, CAGE code, and Unique Entity ID (UEI) information and status under the applicable NAICS Code NAICS Code 713990 – All Other Amusement and Recreation Industries, as these requirements are mandatory for any firm selected for award. Any interested 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disable Veteran Owned, Woman Owned, and general Small Businesses vendors capable of providing the required Pyrotechnics Explosives Products are encouraged to submit the information requested in items 1-3 for consideration, and inclusion in notice of additional information. Any questions shall be sent via email to Contract Officer, Brian Wilkins, at Brain.Wilkins@atf.gov not later than 12:00PM Eastern Time on April 22, 2026. Questions or comments regarding this notice must be emailed to Brian.Wilkins@atf.gov -- no telephone calls will be accepted. The capability package shall be sent via email to Contract Officer, Brian Wilkins, at Brain.Wilkins@atf.gov not later than 5:00PM Eastern Time on April 24, 2026, NO US-MAIL will be accepted. NOTE: No pricing information is requested. As noted above, this is not a Request for Proposals or Quotations. Responses to this Sources Sought are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Respondents should not submit any proprietary information when responding. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by respondents to this Sources Sought

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b18c21aead4c4de8959e3abe00c8f6e9/view)