---
layout: default
title: 6525--B-SCAN EYE ULTRASOUND
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5a0b7a3de5f44d4aa1bb441574146f6c
---

# 6525--B-SCAN EYE ULTRASOUND

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 12:03:53.927-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0556
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of all qualified sources to perform a potential requirement, and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Women Owned Small Business, and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing items requested, as well as any large business interested and capable. This REQUEST FOR INFORMATION/SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE in support of the Portland VA Healthcare System, is for market research purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. Results will be used to determine set-aside. The intended contract is a firm-fixed price supply purchase. Potential contractors shall provide, at a minimum, the following information: 1) Company name, address, and point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and SAM.gov UEI number/code. 2) Anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 334517. The largest a firm can be and still qualify as a small business for Federal Government programs is no more than 1000 Employees. Please indicate whether you are a Small Business, SDVOSB, VOSB, Small Business Manufacturer, Other Small Business, or Large Business, and whether you are the manufacturer of the item listed below. 3) The Government is not obligated to nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought notice. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Notice to Potential Offerors: All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System Award Management (SAM located on the web at www.sam.gov). It is desirable that any Offeror to have completed their business Online Representations and Certifications Application in the System for Award Management (SAM). 4) Any Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the U.S. Small Business Administration at Veteran Small Business Certification at http://veterans.certify.sba.gov. 5) If not a manufacturer, only authorized representatives/providers/distributors of the manufacturer will be considered. Equipment must be new, no used or refurbished equipment accepted. Please provide a proof of authorized dealer or reseller letter from manufacturer. 6) If you are the manufacturer, do you have any designated or authorized distributors? If so, please provide their name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). 7)Please identify manufacturer name (OEM) and manufacturer part number, as well as any warranty information and country of origin. Please provide a courtesy quote in response to this request to evaluate price reasonableness for any set-aside determination. For each item, please specify if the item is available via an existing Government contract vehicle or open market. It is the intent of the VA to use the information gathered for market research purposes only. If a formal solicitation is released, it will be posted via the Contracting Opportunities website located at beta.sam.gov. or GSA eBuy. DESCRIPTION OF THE REQUIREMENT: The Department of Veterans Affairs is looking to obtain information on vendors who can provide the products as outlined below. This is an Unrestricted/Open Market Request for Information/Sources Sought Notice. Delivery address: Portland VA Medical Center 3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Road Portland, OR 97239 Items: Brand Name or Equal to Sonomed Eye Ultrasound System Quantity Part Number Description Price 2 B.580.US VuPad B-Scan system Includes: 5575-1403-2 VuPad Unit B101-9 12 mhz B-Probe SH106 Multi-Probe Cable SH124-1 USB Foot Pedal PS01-0010-44 VuPad Medical-Grade Power Supply 12V 2.5A CA20-1802-42 2 Prong 60Hz USA Mains Power Cord VuPad User Manual Windows 10 loT enterprise 221 ltsc entry (esd)-epkea 2 BUA.580.US.IM.20,50 VuPad B-Scan/UBM/A-Scan System Includes: 5575-1403-2 Vu-Pad Unit A101 2.0 kv Standard Probe 10Mhz B101-4 20 Mhz B Probe B101-5 Water Path Probe B101-7 50 Mhz Transducer SH106 Multi Probe Cable SH124-1 USB Foot Pedal PS01-0010-44 VuPad Medical-Grade Power Supply 12V 2.5A CA20-1802-42 2 Prong 60Hz USA Mains Power Cord VuPad User Manual A118-3Kite Immersion Cups (set of 4-18/20/22 silicone) Windows 10 to loT enterprise 221 ltsc entry (esd)-epkea 4 U21 DICOM 8 A101 2.0 kv Standard Probe 10Mhz 6 B-101-4 20Mhz B Probe TOTAL Ophthalmic ultrasound Salient characteristics: Must have ability to record scans. Must be capable of providing A-scan and/or B-scan and/or UBM scans (according to the equipment configuration) that measures axial length of the eyeball through immersion or direct contact measurements. Measurements need to specify the depth of the anterior chamber, thickness of the lens, and the vitreous depth. The gain decibels need to be adjustable. The system needs to have touch screen capabilities. System must be capable of being mounted to a VESA mount and desktop arm. Must meet the sterilization/cleaning requirements at the Portland Oregon Veterans Hospital. Must have current approval to connect to the OIT network. Must have DICOM compatibility. Must have capability to seamlessly connect to the Zeiss FORUM database, PACs imaging system, VISTA, Compass Router, and Biomed network storage. A Scan capabilities ` Must have a 10 mhz A probe Must have immersion or direct contact mode, including cataract, dense cataract, aphakic, and pseudophakic modes Must auto calculate axial length, anterior chamber depth, lens thickness, and vitreous length individual zone velocity. Must have axial length average and standard deviation provided for up to 10 scans per exam Must have IOL formulas and selection: Binkhorst, regression -II, theoretic/T, Holladay, Hoffer-Q, Haigis post-refractive IOL formulas: latkany myopic, latkany hyperopic, aramberri double-K. B Scan capabilities Must have sealed magnetic-drive B-probes with 12 MHz or 20 MHz B-probes with focused transducers Must have scan settings for orbit, vitreous body, retina surface, and deep retina/chorokd. Must have scan sampling of 256-ray scan with 2048 sample points for each ray. Must have scan controls: adjustable, time-varied gain, baseline, log gain, and exponential gain. Must have scan position indicator: axial or longitudinal scan clock position with eye model confirmation. Must have video clips: capture and store 50 frame video clips up to 20 fps with replay in real-time, scalable slow motion, or single frame at a time. Must have capability to store 12 video clips per exam. Must have unlimited measurements using linear calipers and angle measurement tool. UBM Must have HD magnetic-drive water path probe with 35 mhz or 50 mhz focused transducers Must have scan settings to optimize image quality, including presets for sulcus to sulcus angle detail, motion picture, and high resolution. Must have scan sampling of 256-ray scan with 2048 sample points for each ray. Must have scan controls: adjustable, time-varied gain, baseline, log gain, and exponential gain. Must have scan position indicator: axial or longitudinal scan clock position with eye model confirmation. Must have video clips: capture and store 50 frame video clips up to 20 fps with replay in real-time, scalable slow motion, or single frame at a time. Must have capability to store 12 video clips per exam. Must have unlimited measurements using linear calipers and angle measurement tool. Must have angle analysis quantification tool eye tracking alignment tool. If your business is interested and capable, please send the capability statement outlined above, and a courtesy market research quote to Maureen.Sundstrom@va.gov by 10:00 am PT on April 20, 2026. NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE. Again, this is not a request for quote, and no solicitation is available at this time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Maureen Sundstrom
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Maureen.Sundstrom@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5a0b7a3de5f44d4aa1bb441574146f6c/view)