---
layout: default
title: On-Site Training on How to Write Performance Work Statements for Federal Government Contracts (Buy Indian Act Market Research)
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: adb8c5b773bc4ed38bf7e9f3e4fa6f62
---

# On-Site Training on How to Write Performance Work Statements for Federal Government Contracts (Buy Indian Act Market Research)

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 07:13:39.892-04
- Solicitation Number: 1523983

## Summary

On-Site Training on How to Write Performance Work Statements for Federal Government Contracts (Buy Indian Act Market Research) This Sources Sought Notice (SSN) is for market research and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or an obligation or commitment to issue a solicitation by the Indian Health Service (IHS). This SSN is seeking information from the specific types of entities listed below to assess their capabilities in fulfilling the requirements set forth in this SSN. The information from this SSN will be used to determine the appropriate set-aside, if any, in accordance with the applicable regulations listed. The Government encourages the identified to respond to this Notice and will be assessed of their capabilities in the following priority: Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEE) Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE) in accordance with HHSAR 326.603-1 Responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether an ISBEE or IEE set-aside is possible based on the Contracting Officer’s reasonable expectation of obtaining offers from two or more relevant concerns that will be competitive in terms of market price, product quality, and delivery capability. An organization that is not considered an ISBEE or IEE firm under the applicable NAICS code should NOT submit a response to this notice. The applicable primary NAICS code for this requirement is 611430 - Professional and Management Development Training. The anticipated period of performance for this effort will include 12 months from the date of award. Generic capability statements are not sufficient and may not be considered when assessing entity capabilities. Background The Indian Health Service (IHS) in the US Department of Health and Human Services is the principal federal health care provider and health advocate for Indian people, and its goal is to raise their health status to the highest possible level. IHS provides a comprehensive health service delivery system for approximately 2.3 million American Indians and Alaska Natives (AI/AN) who belong to 573 federally recognized Tribes in 37 states. The Navajo Area Indian Health Service (NAIHS) is one of 12 regional administrative units of the Indian Health Service (IHS). The Northern Navajo Medical Center (NNMC) in Shiprock, NM is one of the NAIHS hospitals that provides inpatient, emergency, outpatient, public health, and other services. The NNMC Administration’s acquisition team maintains a high volume of contract output. To ensure compliance and efficiency, there is a need for targeted on-site training specifically focusing on “Writing Performance Work Statements” (PWS) for Federal Government contracts. Purpose and Objectives The NNMC Administration is requesting that most acquisition support staff attend specialized PWS training for Federal Government contracts. The goal is to ensure they have a thorough, practical understanding of PWS development. Training attendees will gain the ability to articulate the strategic importance of PWS in acquisition. They will learn to draft, analyze, and finalize comprehensive PWS documents – including problem statements and project visions, while mastering the development of clear requirements and understanding the direct impact of precise PWS language on project success. We require on-site training to utilize in-house computer labs (23 stations). Due to the high number of attendees, we are scheduling five separate 3-day sessions to be scheduled over separate weeks. Please read the attached Statement of Work (SOW) which details the requirement. Capability Statement/Submission Information A response to this SSN will be in the form of a capability statement to demonstrate capability and experience in the task areas identified further below. Specifically, please provide the following information below to demonstrate capabilities: Cover Page Please provide a cover page to include: Company Name Company Designation (ISBEE/IEE) Type of Business – as applicable (e.g. 8(a), Woman Owned Small Business, HUBZone, etc.) UEI Number Point of contact, email address, and phone number Primary NAICS Code(s) Existing federal contracting vehicle(s) numbers, as applicable (e.g. GSA MAS number, NITAAC/CIO SP3, other Government Wide Agency Contracts, etc.) System for Award Management (SAM) registration status. Note, all respondents must be registered on the SAM located at http://www.sam.gov/ prior to any potential award. Executive Summary Provide a high-level overview of your services and include how it will benefit the Indian Health Service. Technical Areas Respondents are expected to submit a capability statement detailing and demonstrating their expertise and technical capabilities in the areas outlined further below in this SSN. Past Performance Please provide any past performance information to support demonstration of your capabilities in the relevant technical areas and magnitude of work. Other Information Indian-owned Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEEs) and Indian-owned Economic Enterprises (IEEs) must also submit a completed IHS IEE Representation Form (attached) in accordance with HHSAR 326.606-1(b). You may include any other information that may be helpful in developing or finalizing the requirements of the potential acquisition. Submission Format To assist the Government in an expeditious review of your capabilities, the capability statement should be organized as follows: Cover page Executive Summary Technical Areas in the order listed Other Information, as applicable The tailored capability statement should not exceed 10 pages excluding Past Performance information. Font must not be less than 10 point (for readability) and may be submitted in either in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) but must be a standard 8-1/2 by 11 inch in paper size. All proprietary information should be marked as such. Generic capability statements are not sufficient and will not be considered compliant with the requirements of this notice. Disclaimer and Important Notes This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Any information provided by industry to the Government as a result of this SSN is strictly voluntary. Responses will not be returned. No entitlements to payment of direct or indirect costs or charges to the Government will arise as a result of contractor submission of responses or the Government's use of such information. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s capabilities to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received. After receipt of responses to the Sources Sought Notice, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published on a Government Point of Entry (GPE). However, responses to this Sources Sought Notice will not be considered adequate responses to any resultant solicitation. Confidentiality: No classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. The Government reserves the right to use any non-proprietary technical information in any resultant solicitation(s). Thank you for your interest in IHS programs.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Deborah Blyveis
  - Email: deborah.blyveis@hhs.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Daniel Weingarten
  - Email: Daniel.Weingarten@hhs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/adb8c5b773bc4ed38bf7e9f3e4fa6f62/view)