---
layout: default
title: J065--Lumenis Selecta Duet Laser SMA
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 20cfde924c1048ffb65975bec05f0cca
---

# J065--Lumenis Selecta Duet Laser SMA

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 18:13:18.679-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25726Q0277
- Awardee: null

## Summary

36C25726Q0277 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 36C25726Q0277 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser Full-Service Maintenance Agreement. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. This is an unrestricted solicitation. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure including options for requested services; See Attachment 1 - 36C25726Q0277; for the contractor qualifications, description of the required items and services (see Statement of Work), and B.2 Price/Cost Schedule for the contract line-item numbers, quantities, and options requested in the solicitation. Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure 0001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment - GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Base Year: TBD - 1/31/2027 12 MO 0002 Pre-Inspection Fee GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser Service Maintenance Agreement (SMA); SN: 10346; Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. 1 JB 1001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment -GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Option Year 1: 2/1/2027 - 1/31/2028 12 MO 2001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment -GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Option Year 2: 2/1/2028 - 1/31/2029 12 MO 3001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment -GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Option Year 3: 2/1/2029 - 1/31/2030 12 MO 4001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment -GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Option Year 4: 2/1/2030 - 1/31/2031 12 MO Description of requirements Statement of Work Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser Service Maintenance Agreement VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System A. GENERAL INFORMATION 1. Title of Project: Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser Service Maintenance Agreement 2. Background: The mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Health Administration, VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System, at Harlingen, Texas, is to provide benefits and services to veterans of the United States. In meeting these goals, Ophthalmology Service at VCB strives to provide high quality, effective and efficient specialty services to those Departments providing care to the Veterans at the point-of-care as well as throughout all the points of the veterans health care in an effective, timely and compassionate manner. VCB depends on the skills and services of the Ophthalmology Service to meet mission goals. 3. Scope of Work: This requirement fulfills the need for Full Service of Preventative Maintenance and Repairs of VA owned equipment used in Ophthalmology Services. The Contractor shall provide as part of this firm-fixed price contract, all parts, tools, labor, and travel necessary to perform the required tasks in accordance with the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) scheduled maintenance requirements and as specified herein. The Contractor shall provide Scheduled Maintenance and Emergency Repair Service for the items listed in B.2, PRICE/COST SCHEDULE. The Contractor shall ensure proper service levels are maintained and make certain that equipment performance is optimal in accordance with manufacturer specifications. All work must be performed by Certified and Qualified Field Service Technician in compliance with applicable manufacturer s recommendations, codes, and standards in its entirety. Maintenance and repair (when necessary) shall be performed as indicated in manufacturer s requirements and recommendations for this equipment. Additional inspections and tests shall be performed as needed or upon request of the Government. 4. Performance of Period: The base period is to be determined (TBD) through 01/31/2027. At the discretion of the Contracting Officer, the Government may exercise up to four one-year option periods. Option Year 1: 02/01/2027 - 01/31/2028 Option Year 2: 02/01/2028 01/31/2029 Option Year 3: 02/01/2029 01/31/2030 Option Year 4: 02/01/2030 01/31/2031 5. All coordination will be made with the Point of Contact (POC), before work begins. All maintenance and repair services shall be scheduled in advance with the POC and shall occur Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays, during regular business hours between 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM. Work at the government site shall not take place on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Also included would be any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a National Holiday. Federal Holidays observed by the VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System are: New Years' Day Labor Day Martin Luther King Day Columbus Day Presidents' Day Veterans' Day Memorial Day Thanksgiving Day Juneteenth Day Christmas Day Independence Day 6. Place of Performance: The services will be performed at VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System Harlingen Health Care Center (HCC) 2601 Veterans Drive Harlingen, Texas 78550 United States B. CONTRACT AWARD MEETING The contractor shall not commence performance on the tasks in this SOW until the CO has conducted a kickoff meeting or has advised the contractor that a kickoff meeting is waived. C. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS The intent of this Statement of Work is to provide a broad overview of the requirements not to list all the requirements. Partial listing of the requirements in this Statement of Work does not reduce or eliminate the obligation of the Contractor to meet all manufacturers requirements. The Contractor shall provide scheduled maintenance and emergency repair service for the equipment listed in B.2, PRICE/COST SCHEDULE in accordance with all applicable standards and manufacturer s requirements and recommendations. 1. The Contractor shall perform the required preventative maintenance tasks as scheduled; repairs, calibrations, and maintenance calls will be addressed as needed. The Contractor shall employ Field Service Representatives who have OEM training on the Equipment in B.2, PRICE/COST SCHEDULE . Proprietary Software shall have the current updates and patches provided by the Contractor. 2. The Contractor shall provide all parts, tools, labor, and travel to perform maintenance service and repairs (preventative or corrective). To maintain the equipment in accordance with Original Equipment Manufacturer specifications, parts requiring replacement will be replaced with new parts. All parts that are removed from Government equipment during repairs or preventative maintenance must be turned into the Biomedical Engineering Department (POC) prior to Contractor departure. All parts shall be OEM. 3. The Contractor shall provide Technical Support/Help Desk Support Monday Friday, between the hours of 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM to address questions and problems on an immediate, real-time basis. 4. Preventative maintenance and unscheduled repairs shall be accompanied by: a. Diagnosis/FboNotice cause analysis - defined resolution approach and or workaround or fix. b. Quality/training initiatives to increase operator knowledge and decrease the number of incoming incidents (informal). 5. Phone Response of 60 min, On Site within 24 hours Uptime of 95% and Parts Order Requirement by 6:00 PM and Parts Delivery Next Day. 6. The Contractor will notify the POC, at least three weekdays before a preventative maintenance visit is required. All work shall be coordinated with the POC before commencement of work or entry onto Government premises. The Vendor shall ensure the POC is notified of the name of each Contractor representative assigned to the task at least 24 hours/one business day before the work is to begin. 7. Each representative of the Contractor will be required to sign in and out and provide a government-issued picture identification during the sign-in process at the Security/VA Police checkpoint. Contractor staff shall remain under escort while on Government premises. 8. This contract includes preventative maintenance and repair services. However, the Contractor shall submit a list of all needed or anticipated repairs revealed, during the performance of preventative maintenance tasks, to the POC (or designee) along with the test reports prior to leaving site. 9. Information Systems Officer, Information Protection: The contractor will not have access to VA Desktop computers, nor will they have access to online resources belonging to the government while conducting services. If removal of equipment from the VA is required, any memory storage devices, such as hard drives, solid state drives and non-volatile memory units will remain in VA control and will not be removed from VA custody. Privacy Officer: The contractor will not have access to protected Patient Health Information (PHI) nor will they have the capability of accessing patient information during the services provided to the VA and if removal of equipment from the VA is required, any memory storage devices, such as hard drives, solid state drives and non-volatile memory units will remain in VA control and will not be removed from VA custody. All research data available for Contractor analyses is de-identified. Records Manager: 1. Contractor shall comply with all applicable records management laws and regulations, as well as National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) records policies, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. chs. 21, 29, 31, 33), NARA regulations at 36 CFR Chapter XII Subchapter B, and those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a). These policies include the preservation of all records, regardless of form or characteristics, mode of transmission, or state of completion. 2. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, all data created for Government use and delivered to, or falling under the legal control of, the Government are Federal records subject to the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) (5 U.S.C. 552), as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a), as amended and must be managed and scheduled for disposition only as permitted by statute or regulation. 3. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, Contractor shall maintain all records created for Government use or created while performing the contract and/or delivered to, or under the legal control of the Government and must be managed in accordance with Federal law. Electronic records and associated metadata must be accompanied by sufficient technical documentation to permit understanding and use of the records and data. 4. TVCBHCS and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of TVCBHCS or destroyed except for in accordance with the provisions of the agency records schedules and with the written concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. In the event of any unlawful or accidental removal, defacing, alteration, or destruction of records, Contractor must report to TVCBHCS. The agency must report promptly to NARA in accordance with 36 CFR 1230. 5. The Contractor shall immediately notify the appropriate Contracting Officer (CO) upon discovery of any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of information, data, documentary materials, records, or equipment. Disclosure of non-public information is limited to authorized personnel with a need-to-know as described in the [contract vehicle]. The Contractor shall ensure that the appropriate personnel, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established to ensure the security and confidentiality of this information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is properly protected. The Contractor shall not remove material from Government facilities or systems, or facilities or systems operated or maintained on the Government s behalf, without the express written permission of the Head of the Contracting Activity. When information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is no longer required, it shall be returned to Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS control, or the Contractor must hold it until otherwise directed. Items returned to the Government shall be hand carried, mailed, emailed, or securely electronically transmitted to the Contracting Officer or address prescribed in the [contract vehicle]. Destruction of records is EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED unless in accordance with Paragraph (4). 6. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, contracts. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS guidance for protecting sensitive, proprietary information, classified, and controlled unclassified information. 7. The Contractor shall only use Government IT equipment for purposes specifically tied to or authorized by the contract and in accordance with Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS policy. 8. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any non-public Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS information that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. 9. The Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected from public disclosure by an exemption to the Freedom of Information Act. 10. The Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS owns the rights to all data and records produced as part of this contract. All deliverables under the contract are the property of the U.S. Government for which Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Any Contractor rights in the data or deliverables must be identified as required by FAR 52.227-11 through FAR 52.227-20. 11. Training. All Contractor employees assigned to this contract who create, work with, or otherwise handle records are required to take VHA-provided records management training, Talent Management System (TMS) Item #10176, Privacy and Information Security, Rules of Behavior. The Contractor is responsible for confirming training has been completed according to agency policies, including initial training and any annual or refresher training. At the conclusion of the service visit, and prior to leaving the site, the contractor shall provide a written service report indicating: a. the date of service, b. the model, serial number, and VA identifying number (which is always on a bar code with EE#), c. the location of the equipment serviced d. the name of the Contractor personnel performing the work, e. the service(s) performed, and the parts replaced. All written deliverables will be phrased in layperson s language. Statistical and other technical terminology will not be used without providing a glossary of terms. D. CHANGES TO STATEMENT OF WORK Any changes to this SOW shall be authorized and approved only through written correspondence from the CO. A copy of each change will be kept in a project folder along with all other products of the project. Costs incurred by the contractor through the actions of parties other than the CO shall be borne by the contractor. E. TRAVEL The Government anticipates travel to perform the tasks associated with this request throughout the period of performance. Quotes should include all estimated travel costs in your firm-fixed price line items. These costs will not be directly reimbursed by the Government. The total estimated number of trips in support of this effort will vary depending on the Vendor proposed schedule and unanticipated equipment failures. The requirement is for Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser which requires either (2) or (4) preventative maintenance calls per annual period. All work will be performed at Harlingen Health Care VA (HCC) 2601 Veterans Drive, Harlingen TX 78550. F. CONTRACTOR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS All inspections and testing shall be performed by a certified technician, whose credentials shall be submitted to the point of contact (POC) upon request. The OEM Certificate of Training shall be no less than two years. All Contractor personnel who will perform the required services shall have received the Original Equipment Manufacturer s repair and maintenance training, specific to the Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser. G. POINT OF CONTACT The POC will serve as the primary point of contact for the contractor. The contractor shall notify the POC if problems arise adversely impacting the performance of work. The POC duties are not delegable, and all responsibilities shall revert to the Contracting Officer, should the POC be unable to discharge their responsibilities. Inspection and Acceptance shall be by the POC assigned to this contract. The POC shall request security badges,(as applicable) through his/her immediate supervisor, for all contractor and subcontractor employees needing physical access to Government facilities; ensure that contractor employees complete pre-employment security awareness training and refresher training when required; ensure that contractor employees sign the Certificate of Confidentiality and Non-disclosure and a copy is provided to the Contracting Officer; coordinate the collection of necessary information from contractors to meet background investigation requirements for contractor personnel; and initiate the appropriate steps for contractor employees when the contract is complete or the contractor employee leaves for any reason. This delegation does not authorize the POC to take any other actions, including but not limited to the following, all of which remain the responsibility of the Contracting Officer: Make any commitments or changes which will affect the price, quantity, quality, or delivery terms of the contract. Require additional supplies or services or supplies or services beyond the scope of the contract. Extend the completion time established in the contract. Terminate the contract in whole or in part. Give instructions which may constitute an assignment of additional work outside the general scope of the project. Change any of the expressed terms, conditions, or specifications of the contract. Under no circumstances are you to assume that the contract has been extended or otherwise renewed unless you are informed by the Contracting Officer. The anticipated Period of Performance for the requirement is as follows: Base Year: TBD 01/31/2027 Option Year 1: 02/01/2027 01/31/2028 Option Year 2: 02/01/2028 01/31/2029 Option Year 3: 02/01/2029 01/31/2030 Option Year 4: 02/01/2030 01/31/2031 The contract effective date is date of award. Place of Performance: VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System Harlingen Health Care Center (HCC) 2601 Veterans Drive Harlingen, Texas 78550 United States F.O.B Point FOB Destination A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition: 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation 52.204-7 System for Award Management 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest when Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services Addendum to 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.216-1 Type of Contract 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition: 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistle blower rights 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Services 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HubZone Small Business Concerns 52.219-28 Postaward Small Business Program Representations 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements 52.223-5 Pollution Prevention and Right to Know Information 52.223-23 Sustainable Products 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractors Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer -System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.237-2 Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems 52.244-6DEV Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. Submission of your response shall be received not later than Friday, February 27th, 2026, at 9:00 AM CST as specified in Block 8 of the Standard Form (SF) 1449 of the solicitation directly to Erika Taylor, Contract Specialist, at erika.taylor@va.gov and Vance W. Farrell, Contracting Officer at vance.farrell@va.gov . Offeror shall submit offers via email directly to Erika N. Taylor, Contract Specialist, at erika.taylor@va.gov. Subject line of e-mail shall be Quote 36C25726Q0277 Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser SMA . Due to service constraints, it is requested that emails be no larger than 12MB in size. Do not send ZIP files. VA servers typically do not transfer the content of ZIP files. If needed, submit multiple emails for an offer. Offerors are advised that it is your responsibility to review and monitor the website frequently to ensure you have the most up to date information, including amendments. All offerors must be registered in www.sam.gov to do business with the Government. Ensure your registration is correct, current and has not expired. All Responses Shall Include: Signed SF 1449, and SF 30, if applicable Technical Capability Statement Completed B.2 Price/Cost Schedule Three (3) past performance references for this type of service within the last 36 months. Identify business size SAM UEI Number For references, offerors shall list the following: name/address of organization; contract number/title; period of performance; brief description of contract scope and dollar value; and Point of Contact information (name/title/phone number/e-mail address). References may be from Federal/State/Local Government organizations or from commercial organizations in which the contractor performed as a Prime Contractor. Failure to provide all of the submission requirements may determine the offerors proposal to be non-compliant to the solicitation. Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811210, with a small business size standard of $34 Million Dollars. The PSC is J065 Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment Medical, Dental, and Veterinary Equipment. Technical questions shall be accepted by the Government in writing via email on Tuesday, February 24th, 2026, no later than 12:00 PM Central Time (CST). Please list Technical Questions 36C25726Q0277 Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser SMA in the subject line of the e-mail and send to Erika N. Taylor, Contract Specialist, at erika.taylor@va.gov. Please include in your questions the section of the solicitation/page number that your question is referencing. An amendment to the solicitation will be posted answering submitted questions on Wednesday, February 25th, 2026, at 5:00 PM CST.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Erika N. Taylor
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Erika.Taylor@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - 36C25726Q0277; for the contractor qualifications, description of the required items and services (see Statement of Work), and B.2 Price/Cost Schedule for the contract line-item numbers, quantities, and options requested in the solicitation. Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure 0001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment - GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Base Year: TBD - 1/31/2027 12 MO 0002 Pre-Inspection Fee GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser Service Maintenance Agreement (SMA); SN: 10346; Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. 1 JB 1001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment -GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Option Year 1: 2/1/2027 - 1/31/2028 12 MO 2001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment -GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Option Year 2: 2/1/2028 - 1/31/2029 12 MO 3001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment -GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Option Year 3: 2/1/2029 - 1/31/2030 12 MO 4001 This requirement fulfills the need for full-service maintenance and repairs of VA owned equipment -GAS910000LED - Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser; SN:10346 Contractor to provide services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Option Year 4: 2/1/2030 - 1/31/2031 12 MO Description of requirements Statement of Work Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser Service Maintenance Agreement VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System A. GENERAL INFORMATION 1. Title of Project: Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser Service Maintenance Agreement 2. Background: The mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Health Administration, VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System, at Harlingen, Texas, is to provide benefits and services to veterans of the United States. In meeting these goals, Ophthalmology Service at VCB strives to provide high quality, effective and efficient specialty services to those Departments providing care to the Veterans at the point-of-care as well as throughout all the points of the veterans health care in an effective, timely and compassionate manner. VCB depends on the skills and services of the Ophthalmology Service to meet mission goals. 3. Scope of Work: This requirement fulfills the need for Full Service of Preventative Maintenance and Repairs of VA owned equipment used in Ophthalmology Services. The Contractor shall provide as part of this firm-fixed price contract, all parts, tools, labor, and travel necessary to perform the required tasks in accordance with the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) scheduled maintenance requirements and as specified herein. The Contractor shall provide Scheduled Maintenance and Emergency Repair Service for the items listed in B.2, PRICE/COST SCHEDULE. The Contractor shall ensure proper service levels are maintained and make certain that equipment performance is optimal in accordance with manufacturer specifications. All work must be performed by Certified and Qualified Field Service Technician in compliance with applicable manufacturer s recommendations, codes, and standards in its entirety. Maintenance and repair (when necessary) shall be performed as indicated in manufacturer s requirements and recommendations for this equipment. Additional inspections and tests shall be performed as needed or upon request of the Government. 4. Performance of Period: The base period is to be determined (TBD) through 01/31/2027. At the discretion of the Contracting Officer, the Government may exercise up to four one-year option periods. Option Year 1: 02/01/2027 - 01/31/2028 Option Year 2: 02/01/2028 01/31/2029 Option Year 3: 02/01/2029 01/31/2030 Option Year 4: 02/01/2030 01/31/2031 5. All coordination will be made with the Point of Contact (POC), before work begins. All maintenance and repair services shall be scheduled in advance with the POC and shall occur Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays, during regular business hours between 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM. Work at the government site shall not take place on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Also included would be any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a National Holiday. Federal Holidays observed by the VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System are: New Years" Day Labor Day Martin Luther King Day Columbus Day Presidents" Day Veterans" Day Memorial Day Thanksgiving Day Juneteenth Day Christmas Day Independence Day 6. Place of Performance: The services will be performed at VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System Harlingen Health Care Center (HCC) 2601 Veterans Drive Harlingen, Texas 78550 United States B. CONTRACT AWARD MEETING The contractor shall not commence performance on the tasks in this SOW until the CO has conducted a kickoff meeting or has advised the contractor that a kickoff meeting is waived. C. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS The intent of this Statement of Work is to provide a broad overview of the requirements not to list all the requirements. Partial listing of the requirements in this Statement of Work does not reduce or eliminate the obligation of the Contractor to meet all manufacturers requirements. The Contractor shall provide scheduled maintenance and emergency repair service for the equipment listed in B.2, PRICE/COST SCHEDULE in accordance with all applicable standards and manufacturer s requirements and recommendations. 1. The Contractor shall perform the required preventative maintenance tasks as scheduled; repairs, calibrations, and maintenance calls will be addressed as needed. The Contractor shall employ Field Service Representatives who have OEM training on the Equipment in B.2, PRICE/COST SCHEDULE . Proprietary Software shall have the current updates and patches provided by the Contractor. 2. The Contractor shall provide all parts, tools, labor, and travel to perform maintenance service and repairs (preventative or corrective). To maintain the equipment in accordance with Original Equipment Manufacturer specifications, parts requiring replacement will be replaced with new parts. All parts that are removed from Government equipment during repairs or preventative maintenance must be turned into the Biomedical Engineering Department (POC) prior to Contractor departure. All parts shall be OEM. 3. The Contractor shall provide Technical Support/Help Desk Support Monday Friday, between the hours of 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM to address questions and problems on an immediate, real-time basis. 4. Preventative maintenance and unscheduled repairs shall be accompanied by: a. Diagnosis/FboNotice cause analysis - defined resolution approach and or workaround or fix. b. Quality/training initiatives to increase operator knowledge and decrease the number of incoming incidents (informal). 5. Phone Response of 60 min, On Site within 24 hours Uptime of 95% and Parts Order Requirement by 6:00 PM and Parts Delivery Next Day. 6. The Contractor will notify the POC, at least three weekdays before a preventative maintenance visit is required. All work shall be coordinated with the POC before commencement of work or entry onto Government premises. The Vendor shall ensure the POC is notified of the name of each Contractor representative assigned to the task at least 24 hours/one business day before the work is to begin. 7. Each representative of the Contractor will be required to sign in and out and provide a government-issued picture identification during the sign-in process at the Security/VA Police checkpoint. Contractor staff shall remain under escort while on Government premises. 8. This contract includes preventative maintenance and repair services. However, the Contractor shall submit a list of all needed or anticipated repairs revealed, during the performance of preventative maintenance tasks, to the POC (or designee) along with the test reports prior to leaving site. 9. Information Systems Officer, Information Protection: The contractor will not have access to VA Desktop computers, nor will they have access to online resources belonging to the government while conducting services. If removal of equipment from the VA is required, any memory storage devices, such as hard drives, solid state drives and non-volatile memory units will remain in VA control and will not be removed from VA custody. Privacy Officer: The contractor will not have access to protected Patient Health Information (PHI) nor will they have the capability of accessing patient information during the services provided to the VA and if removal of equipment from the VA is required, any memory storage devices, such as hard drives, solid state drives and non-volatile memory units will remain in VA control and will not be removed from VA custody. All research data available for Contractor analyses is de-identified. Records Manager: 1. Contractor shall comply with all applicable records management laws and regulations, as well as National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) records policies, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. chs. 21, 29, 31, 33), NARA regulations at 36 CFR Chapter XII Subchapter B, and those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a). These policies include the preservation of all records, regardless of form or characteristics, mode of transmission, or state of completion. 2. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, all data created for Government use and delivered to, or falling under the legal control of, the Government are Federal records subject to the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) (5 U.S.C. 552), as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a), as amended and must be managed and scheduled for disposition only as permitted by statute or regulation. 3. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, Contractor shall maintain all records created for Government use or created while performing the contract and/or delivered to, or under the legal control of the Government and must be managed in accordance with Federal law. Electronic records and associated metadata must be accompanied by sufficient technical documentation to permit understanding and use of the records and data. 4. TVCBHCS and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of TVCBHCS or destroyed except for in accordance with the provisions of the agency records schedules and with the written concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. In the event of any unlawful or accidental removal, defacing, alteration, or destruction of records, Contractor must report to TVCBHCS. The agency must report promptly to NARA in accordance with 36 CFR 1230. 5. The Contractor shall immediately notify the appropriate Contracting Officer (CO) upon discovery of any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of information, data, documentary materials, records, or equipment. Disclosure of non-public information is limited to authorized personnel with a need-to-know as described in the [contract vehicle]. The Contractor shall ensure that the appropriate personnel, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established to ensure the security and confidentiality of this information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is properly protected. The Contractor shall not remove material from Government facilities or systems, or facilities or systems operated or maintained on the Government s behalf, without the express written permission of the Head of the Contracting Activity. When information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is no longer required, it shall be returned to Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS control, or the Contractor must hold it until otherwise directed. Items returned to the Government shall be hand carried, mailed, emailed, or securely electronically transmitted to the Contracting Officer or address prescribed in the [contract vehicle]. Destruction of records is EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED unless in accordance with Paragraph (4). 6. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer"s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, contracts. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS guidance for protecting sensitive, proprietary information, classified, and controlled unclassified information. 7. The Contractor shall only use Government IT equipment for purposes specifically tied to or authorized by the contract and in accordance with Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS policy. 8. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any non-public Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS information that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. 9. The Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected from public disclosure by an exemption to the Freedom of Information Act. 10. The Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS owns the rights to all data and records produced as part of this contract. All deliverables under the contract are the property of the U.S. Government for which Texas Valley Coastal Bend HCS shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Any Contractor rights in the data or deliverables must be identified as required by FAR 52.227-11 through FAR 52.227-20. 11. Training. All Contractor employees assigned to this contract who create, work with, or otherwise handle records are required to take VHA-provided records management training, Talent Management System (TMS) Item #10176, Privacy and Information Security, Rules of Behavior. The Contractor is responsible for confirming training has been completed according to agency policies, including initial training and any annual or refresher training. At the conclusion of the service visit, and prior to leaving the site, the contractor shall provide a written service report indicating: a. the date of service, b. the model, serial number, and VA identifying number (which is always on a bar code with EE#), c. the location of the equipment serviced d. the name of the Contractor personnel performing the work, e. the service(s) performed, and the parts replaced. All written deliverables will be phrased in layperson s language. Statistical and other technical terminology will not be used without providing a glossary of terms. D. CHANGES TO STATEMENT OF WORK Any changes to this SOW shall be authorized and approved only through written correspondence from the CO. A copy of each change will be kept in a project folder along with all other products of the project. Costs incurred by the contractor through the actions of parties other than the CO shall be borne by the contractor. E. TRAVEL The Government anticipates travel to perform the tasks associated with this request throughout the period of performance. Quotes should include all estimated travel costs in your firm-fixed price line items. These costs will not be directly reimbursed by the Government. The total estimated number of trips in support of this effort will vary depending on the Vendor proposed schedule and unanticipated equipment failures. The requirement is for Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser which requires either (2) or (4) preventative maintenance calls per annual period. All work will be performed at Harlingen Health Care VA (HCC) 2601 Veterans Drive, Harlingen TX 78550. F. CONTRACTOR EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS All inspections and testing shall be performed by a certified technician, whose credentials shall be submitted to the point of contact (POC) upon request. The OEM Certificate of Training shall be no less than two years. All Contractor personnel who will perform the required services shall have received the Original Equipment Manufacturer s repair and maintenance training, specific to the Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser. G. POINT OF CONTACT The POC will serve as the primary point of contact for the contractor. The contractor shall notify the POC if problems arise adversely impacting the performance of work. The POC duties are not delegable, and all responsibilities shall revert to the Contracting Officer, should the POC be unable to discharge their responsibilities. Inspection and Acceptance shall be by the POC assigned to this contract. The POC shall request security badges,(as applicable) through his/her immediate supervisor, for all contractor and subcontractor employees needing physical access to Government facilities; ensure that contractor employees complete pre-employment security awareness training and refresher training when required; ensure that contractor employees sign the Certificate of Confidentiality and Non-disclosure and a copy is provided to the Contracting Officer; coordinate the collection of necessary information from contractors to meet background investigation requirements for contractor personnel; and initiate the appropriate steps for contractor employees when the contract is complete or the contractor employee leaves for any reason. This delegation does not authorize the POC to take any other actions, including but not limited to the following, all of which remain the responsibility of the Contracting Officer: Make any commitments or changes which will affect the price, quantity, quality, or delivery terms of the contract. Require additional supplies or services or supplies or services beyond the scope of the contract. Extend the completion time established in the contract. Terminate the contract in whole or in part. Give instructions which may constitute an assignment of additional work outside the general scope of the project. Change any of the expressed terms, conditions, or specifications of the contract. Under no circumstances are you to assume that the contract has been extended or otherwise renewed unless you are informed by the Contracting Officer. The anticipated Period of Performance for the requirement is as follows: Base Year: TBD 01/31/2027 Option Year 1: 02/01/2027 01/31/2028 Option Year 2: 02/01/2028 01/31/2029 Option Year 3: 02/01/2029 01/31/2030 Option Year 4: 02/01/2030 01/31/2031 The contract effective date is date of award. Place of Performance: VA Texas Valley Coastal Bend Healthcare System Harlingen Health Care Center (HCC) 2601 Veterans Drive Harlingen, Texas 78550 United States F.O.B Point FOB Destination A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition: 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation 52.204-7 System for Award Management 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest when Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services Addendum to 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.216-1 Type of Contract 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition: 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistle blower rights 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Services 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HubZone Small Business Concerns 52.219-28 Postaward Small Business Program Representations 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements 52.223-5 Pollution Prevention and Right to Know Information 52.223-23 Sustainable Products 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractors Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer -System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.237-2 Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems 52.244-6DEV Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. Submission of your response shall be received not later than Friday, February 27th, 2026, at 9:00 AM CST as specified in Block 8 of the Standard Form (SF) 1449 of the solicitation directly to Erika Taylor, Contract Specialist, at erika.taylor@va.gov and Vance W. Farrell, Contracting Officer at vance.farrell@va.gov . Offeror shall submit offers via email directly to Erika N. Taylor, Contract Specialist, at erika.taylor@va.gov. Subject line of e-mail shall be Quote 36C25726Q0277 Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser SMA . Due to service constraints, it is requested that emails be no larger than 12MB in size. Do not send ZIP files. VA servers typically do not transfer the content of ZIP files. If needed, submit multiple emails for an offer. Offerors are advised that it is your responsibility to review and monitor the website frequently to ensure you have the most up to date information, including amendments. All offerors must be registered in www.sam.gov to do business with the Government. Ensure your registration is correct, current and has not expired. All Responses Shall Include: Signed SF 1449, and SF 30, if applicable Technical Capability Statement Completed B.2 Price/Cost Schedule Three (3) past performance references for this type of service within the last 36 months. Identify business size SAM UEI Number For references, offerors shall list the following: name/address of organization; contract number/title; period of performance; brief description of contract scope and dollar value; and Point of Contact information (name/title/phone number/e-mail address). References may be from Federal/State/Local Government organizations or from commercial organizations in which the contractor performed as a Prime Contractor. Failure to provide all of the submission requirements may determine the offerors proposal to be non-compliant to the solicitation. Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811210, with a small business size standard of $34 Million Dollars. The PSC is J065 Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment Medical, Dental, and Veterinary Equipment. Technical questions shall be accepted by the Government in writing via email on Tuesday, February 24th, 2026, no later than 12:00 PM Central Time (CST). Please list Technical Questions 36C25726Q0277 Lumenis Smart Selecta Duet Laser SMA in the subject line of the e-mail and send to Erika N. Taylor, Contract Specialist, at erika.taylor@va.gov. Please include in your questions the section of the solicitation/page number that your question is referencing. An amendment to the solicitation will be posted answering submitted questions on Wednesday, February 25th, 2026, at 5:00 PM CST

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/20cfde924c1048ffb65975bec05f0cca/view)