---
layout: default
title: H999--Fire Life Safety Review
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: bf9ceb94165f45b194468e1bc8beda76
---

# H999--Fire Life Safety Review

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 11:08:23.406-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0344
- Awardee: null

## Summary

VA Connecticut Healthcare System VACHS Life Safety Code Assessments and Statement of Conditions Page 2 of 2 Combined Synopsis Solicitation West Haven VAMC Fire Life Safety Review (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 36C24126Q0344 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). (iii) A statement that the solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. (iv) This requirement is being issued as a SDVOSB set-aside. The associated NAICS 561121 and small business size standard is $25.0 million. (v) The Government intends to award a firm-fixed price award for Fire Life Safety Review at the West Haven and Newington VAMC. Please see the attached Performance Work Statement for full requirement details. Please complete the Price Schedule below and submit with the quote submission. (vi) The Contractor shall provide all resources necessary to provide Steam Coil Replacement IAW the attached (Performance Work Statement). Please see the attached PWS for full requirement details. (vii) The Place of Performance is West Haven and Newington as described per the (Performance Work Statement). (viii) Provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the provision: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998); 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018); 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (JUL 2016); 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990); 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) (ix) Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, applies to this requirement. Site Visit: No site visit Submission of Quotes: (1) Quotes shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. Note: Offers received after the due date and time shall not be considered. (2) Offerors shall submit their quotes electronically via email to sheena.carlyle@va.gov. (3) Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is March 23 2026 by 12:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time may not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. (4) Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Evaluation Process: Award shall be made to the best value, as determined to be the most beneficial to the Government. Please read each section below carefully for the submittals and information required as part of the evaluation. Failure to provide the requested information below shall be considered non-compliant and your quote could be removed from the evaluation process. Offeror quotes shall be evaluated under FAR Part 13.106-2(b) -- Evaluation of Quotations or Offers. Therefore, the Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct discussions with all contractors, solicit final revised quotes, and use other techniques associated with FAR Part 15. The Government shall award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation shall be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:Â Price (Follow these instructions): Offeror shall complete Attachment 1 - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor's business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due March 26 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: sheena.carlyle@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is sheena.carlyle@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Fire Life Safety Review

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT 2 PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK FIRE AND LIFE SAFETY SURVEY AND REVIEW OF MIXED-USE BUILDINGS VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 VA MEDICAL CENTER NEWINGTON 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System s West Haven and Newington Campuses require updated Joint Commission Life Safety Code Assessments and Fire & Life Safety Reviews and Documentation of various mixed-use buildings at each facility. Provide an updated 2026 Fire/Life Safety Assessment & Statement of Conditions, including floor-specific drawings, to reflect all current conditions which is in compliance with the most recent Joint Commission and National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) standards. JUSTIFICATION Veterans Health Administration (VA) seeks to update all Fire & Life Safety Documentation, including Statement of Conditions and associated drawings, as required by Joint Commission, NFPA, and VA requirements. LOCATION OF SERVICES VA Medical Center West Haven 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 VA Medical Center Newington 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The contract period of performance for this work is 90 calendar days starting from the date of the notice to proceed (NTP). QUALIFICATIONS To be eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall provide evidence of having successfully self-performed all work on, and successfully completed, at least five (5) similar assessments and updates within the past two (2) years. Completed assessments must be demonstrated to have been similar in size and scope to this current assessment. References and points of contact for each completed assessment must be provided for review and use. Bidders must provide documentation of training, qualifications, and certification for all personnel proposed to perform work under this contract. The credentials and information provided must demonstrate that inspectors and other staff are trained and qualified in performing Joint Commission Life Safety Code Assessments and Fire & Life Safety Reviews and in preparing required documentation. A professional engineer (PE) must certify and stamp the final document submittal package. The Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Contractor s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the elements of this contract, based upon credentials provided. Subcontracting of any ensuing award of this solicitation shall not be allowed without written permission of the Contracting Officer. SCOPE OF WORK The contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, and all incidentals to conduct Joint Commission Life Safety Code Assessments and Fire & Life Safety Reviews and prepare all Documentation, including updated Statement of Conditions, floor plan drawings, etc. for identified West Haven campus buildings as well as identified Newington campus buildings. Conduct 2026 Joint Commission Life Safety Code Assessment Fire & Life Safety Review of mixed-use buildings. Survey buildings and floors listed in the Building Inventory tables below. West Haven Campus Building Inventory Building Floor Approximate Size (SF) 1 SSG 3224 1 SG 62861 1 G 73835 1 1 41902 1 2 39097 1 3 39847 1 4 36975 1 5 33130 1 6 26889 1 7 25563 1 8 25564 1 9 19665 1 Penthouse 11224 1 Elevator Machine 3307 2 G 64661 2 1 93632 2 2 66919 2 3 33389 2 4 29363 2 5 29145 2 6 26361 2 7 24913 2 8 13860 2 Penthouse 3227 2 Penthouse 2976 36 Basement 6649 36 1 6624 Newington Campus Building Inventory Building Floor Approximate Size (SF) 1 1 11328 1 2 13682 1 3 13393 1 4 7746 1 5 12885 1 Attic 1500 2C Basement 3720 2C 1 19003 2C 2 16726 2C 3 13027 2C Attic 12061 2E Basement 32118 2E 1 34754 2E 2 25143 2E 3 24671 2E 4 19770 2E 5 19777 2E 6 6360 2W Basement 9429 2W 1 8789 Update the previous Fire/Life Safety Assessments & Statement of Conditions, including all drawings, to reflect all current conditions. Update the previous Fire/Life Safety Assessments & Statement of Conditions, including all drawings, to include updates for all projects/renovations completed since last update. Ensure all life safety elements represented by NFPA 101 are labeled such as, but not limited to: Different fire and smoke barrier times (30min, 1hr, 2hr, etc.) Suite designations Areas open to corridor with smoke detection Areas open to corridor without no smoke detection required Exit stairwells/passageways Hazardous and other room designations Vertical chutes (linen, trash, etc.) Perform an onsite physical survey of all identified buildings and floors to determine compliance with the 2026 edition of NFPA 101, Life Safety Code. Verify and confirm presence of all life safety elements/equipment and devices through onsite physical verification of each item. Do not rely on drawing/document review to confirm presence of life safety elements/equipment. Provide recommendations for the appropriate occupancy classification for each section/area of each applicable building and/or floor. Evaluate the existing fire and smoke barrier walls and make recommendations to decommission any walls and cross corridor doors that are no longer necessary or required. Conduct a random 25% survey of fire and smoke barrier walls above ceilings to confirm location, construction, and condition. As an infection control precaution, do not survey above ceilings in patient occupied rooms. Perform all barrier surveys of critical areas (operating suite, sterile processing, radiology spaces, etc.) after normal business hours when spaces are unoccupied, generally evenings, nights, and weekends. Conduct a random 25% survey of all fire and smoke barrier doors to confirm, location, construction, labeling, and condition. For all surveys conducted, identify deviations from NFPA 101 and document so that maintenance related work orders and corrective action plans can be developed. Prepare lists of minor deficiencies that are best corrected through normal maintenance efforts or work orders. Prepare lists of Long-Term correction items for any items that are not normally correctable under the work order system. Prepare and present the following data in Microsoft Word and Adobe PDF: Statement of Qualifications. General building descriptions including height, size, construction classification, and occupancy. Any/all equivalencies approved by The Joint Commission which apply. Recommendations on how to correct any non-compliant items that are not correctable by simple, straightforward methods. Recommended submission (highlighting proposed revisions) to the facility Joint Commission Basic Building Information (BBI). Prepare and present the following data in AutoCAD and Adobe PDF: Floor plan drawings showing current room layouts, occupancy classifications, fire barrier walls, smoke barrier walls, smoke compartment names or designations, and exits for each floor. Identify suites, hazardous rooms, and keynote all life safety features. Ensure drawings show and label all life safety elements identified by NFPA as indicated in item d. above. Submit electronic draft copies of the Fire & Life Safety Review documents for review. Provide one master and four (4) numbered copies of the final certified Fire & Life Safety Review documents and drawings. Additionally, provide a ProCore or SharePoint file sharing site containing all final certified copies of the Fire & Life Safety Review documents and drawings. Provide an exit conference at the site with VA Connecticut Facilities Management, Safety and Executive Leadership to discuss findings, trends, and recommendations. Provide follow-up technical support activities from your staff on the Fire & Life Safety Review and Drawings or other related issues leading up to, and immediately following, the next Joint Commission survey for a total of twenty-four (24) hours anticipating an average of approximately two (2) hours per month. The next anticipated Joint Commission survey is expected to occur by end of June 2027. Provide a ProCore or SharePoint file sharing site accessible to the medical center which can be used by the facility to provide existing drawings. The medical center will provide the following to the selected vendor after award of the contract. Previous Life Safety Statement of Conditions Drawings (.dwg files) for West Haven Campus Building 1 & Building 2 Only Floor Plan Drawings (.dwg files) for West Haven Campus Building 36 and all Newington Campus Buildings in this contract. Note these drawings do not include life safety or other features and are basic floor plan drawings only. Life Safety Drawings (.dwg files) where available for projects and renovations completed since 2021. Note that not all projects, renovations, reconfigurations may be available. Scheduled site surveys and field inspections shall be completed Monday through Friday during regular business hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. with a minimum 5-day notification. Critical & sensitive operational areas which cannot be accessed during these hours will require after hours work on weekends, evenings, or nights as identified by the Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). It is anticipated at least four to five 8-hour shifts will be necessary to complete during after-hours periods to complete all survey work. No work shall be performed on Government Holidays unless an emergency status has been indicated by the VA Contracting Officer. US Federal Holidays: New Year s Day Martin Luther King Jr. Day President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veteran s Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day VA Connecticut Healthcare System West Haven Boiler #3 Inspection and Repairs Page 2 of 2 SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Contractor Check-in: All employees of the service provider shall comply with VA Security Management Program and obtain permission of the VA Police and restricted from unauthorized access. Upon arrival, the contractor shall sign-in at Building 15 in West Haven and Building 3, 3rd Floor in Newington and receive a temporary identification badge prior to performing services at VA Connecticut Healthcare System. The contractor shall wear visible identification always displaying the name and company ID while on site. All site visits shall be coordinated with the VA COR or assigned POC. Due to security requirements, keys will not be issued to any of service provider s personnel. Escorts will be required to be provided by VA. VA can provide up to two (2) escort personnel per shift for survey activities. All survey activities which are not occurring in public spaces (common areas, corridors, lobbies, waiting rooms) will require escort by VA staff. Per Directive 1805, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. VA reserves the right to close down or shut down the facilities and order Service provider employees off the premises in the event of a national emergency. The Service provider may return to the site only with the written approval of the VA Contracting Officer. Parking for Service provider and employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider shall coordinate with VA COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with request for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service item was completed. Labor charges shall be billed hurly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the service report. Safety Codes / Certification / Licensing: Environmental abatement work, if necessary, is to be performed by Service Provider under supervision and monitoring for the VA by a Certified Industrial Hygienist. The Service Provider shall comply with all codes as described above, as well as codes customarily applied in VA construction jobs such as NFPA fire code, OSHA, VA Design Guides, etc. Labs used by the Service Provider shall be licensed as required by any applicable governing agencies, and their certifications and licenses shall be included in the reports. Travel: Service Provider and/or subcontractors will travel from their place of business to the West Haven and Newington VA Medical Center of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sheena Carlyle
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: sheena.carlyle@va.gov
  - Phone: 276-591-0374

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor"s business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due March 26 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: sheena.carlyle@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is sheena.carlyle@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Fire Life Safety Review
- Attachment 2: PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK FIRE AND LIFE SAFETY SURVEY AND REVIEW OF MIXED-USE BUILDINGS VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 VA MEDICAL CENTER NEWINGTON 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System s West Haven and Newington Campuses require updated Joint Commission Life Safety Code Assessments and Fire & Life Safety Reviews and Documentation of various mixed-use buildings at each facility. Provide an updated 2026 Fire/Life Safety Assessment & Statement of Conditions, including floor-specific drawings, to reflect all current conditions which is in compliance with the most recent Joint Commission and National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) standards. JUSTIFICATION Veterans Health Administration (VA) seeks to update all Fire & Life Safety Documentation, including Statement of Conditions and associated drawings, as required by Joint Commission, NFPA, and VA requirements. LOCATION OF SERVICES VA Medical Center West Haven 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 VA Medical Center Newington 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The contract period of performance for this work is 90 calendar days starting from the date of the notice to proceed (NTP). QUALIFICATIONS To be eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall provide evidence of having successfully self-performed all work on, and successfully completed, at least five (5) similar assessments and updates within the past two (2) years. Completed assessments must be demonstrated to have been similar in size and scope to this current assessment. References and points of contact for each completed assessment must be provided for review and use. Bidders must provide documentation of training, qualifications, and certification for all personnel proposed to perform work under this contract. The credentials and information provided must demonstrate that inspectors and other staff are trained and qualified in performing Joint Commission Life Safety Code Assessments and Fire & Life Safety Reviews and in preparing required documentation. A professional engineer (PE) must certify and stamp the final document submittal package. The Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Contractor s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the elements of this contract, based upon credentials provided. Subcontracting of any ensuing award of this solicitation shall not be allowed without written permission of the Contracting Officer. SCOPE OF WORK The contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, and all incidentals to conduct Joint Commission Life Safety Code Assessments and Fire & Life Safety Reviews and prepare all Documentation, including updated Statement of Conditions, floor plan drawings, etc. for identified West Haven campus buildings as well as identified Newington campus buildings. Conduct 2026 Joint Commission Life Safety Code Assessment Fire & Life Safety Review of mixed-use buildings. Survey buildings and floors listed in the Building Inventory tables below. West Haven Campus Building Inventory Building Floor Approximate Size (SF) 1 SSG 3224 1 SG 62861 1 G 73835 1 1 41902 1 2 39097 1 3 39847 1 4 36975 1 5 33130 1 6 26889 1 7 25563 1 8 25564 1 9 19665 1 Penthouse 11224 1 Elevator Machine 3307 2 G 64661 2 1 93632 2 2 66919 2 3 33389 2 4 29363 2 5 29145 2 6 26361 2 7 24913 2 8 13860 2 Penthouse 3227 2 Penthouse 2976 36 Basement 6649 36 1 6624 Newington Campus Building Inventory Building Floor Approximate Size (SF) 1 1 11328 1 2 13682 1 3 13393 1 4 7746 1 5 12885 1 Attic 1500 2C Basement 3720 2C 1 19003 2C 2 16726 2C 3 13027 2C Attic 12061 2E Basement 32118 2E 1 34754 2E 2 25143 2E 3 24671 2E 4 19770 2E 5 19777 2E 6 6360 2W Basement 9429 2W 1 8789 Update the previous Fire/Life Safety Assessments & Statement of Conditions, including all drawings, to reflect all current conditions. Update the previous Fire/Life Safety Assessments & Statement of Conditions, including all drawings, to include updates for all projects/renovations completed since last update. Ensure all life safety elements represented by NFPA 101 are labeled such as, but not limited to: Different fire and smoke barrier times (30min, 1hr, 2hr, etc.) Suite designations Areas open to corridor with smoke detection Areas open to corridor without no smoke detection required Exit stairwells/passageways Hazardous and other room designations Vertical chutes (linen, trash, etc.) Perform an onsite physical survey of all identified buildings and floors to determine compliance with the 2026 edition of NFPA 101, Life Safety Code. Verify and confirm presence of all life safety elements/equipment and devices through onsite physical verification of each item. Do not rely on drawing/document review to confirm presence of life safety elements/equipment. Provide recommendations for the appropriate occupancy classification for each section/area of each applicable building and/or floor. Evaluate the existing fire and smoke barrier walls and make recommendations to decommission any walls and cross corridor doors that are no longer necessary or required. Conduct a random 25% survey of fire and smoke barrier walls above ceilings to confirm location, construction, and condition. As an infection control precaution, do not survey above ceilings in patient occupied rooms. Perform all barrier surveys of critical areas (operating suite, sterile processing, radiology spaces, etc.) after normal business hours when spaces are unoccupied, generally evenings, nights, and weekends. Conduct a random 25% survey of all fire and smoke barrier doors to confirm, location, construction, labeling, and condition. For all surveys conducted, identify deviations from NFPA 101 and document so that maintenance related work orders and corrective action plans can be developed. Prepare lists of minor deficiencies that are best corrected through normal maintenance efforts or work orders. Prepare lists of Long-Term correction items for any items that are not normally correctable under the work order system. Prepare and present the following data in Microsoft Word and Adobe PDF: Statement of Qualifications. General building descriptions including height, size, construction classification, and occupancy. Any/all equivalencies approved by The Joint Commission which apply. Recommendations on how to correct any non-compliant items that are not correctable by simple, straightforward methods. Recommended submission (highlighting proposed revisions) to the facility Joint Commission Basic Building Information (BBI). Prepare and present the following data in AutoCAD and Adobe PDF: Floor plan drawings showing current room layouts, occupancy classifications, fire barrier walls, smoke barrier walls, smoke compartment names or designations, and exits for each floor. Identify suites, hazardous rooms, and keynote all life safety features. Ensure drawings show and label all life safety elements identified by NFPA as indicated in item d. above. Submit electronic draft copies of the Fire & Life Safety Review documents for review. Provide one master and four (4) numbered copies of the final certified Fire & Life Safety Review documents and drawings. Additionally, provide a ProCore or SharePoint file sharing site containing all final certified copies of the Fire & Life Safety Review documents and drawings. Provide an exit conference at the site with VA Connecticut Facilities Management, Safety and Executive Leadership to discuss findings, trends, and recommendations. Provide follow-up technical support activities from your staff on the Fire & Life Safety Review and Drawings or other related issues leading up to, and immediately following, the next Joint Commission survey for a total of twenty-four (24) hours anticipating an average of approximately two (2) hours per month. The next anticipated Joint Commission survey is expected to occur by end of June 2027. Provide a ProCore or SharePoint file sharing site accessible to the medical center which can be used by the facility to provide existing drawings. The medical center will provide the following to the selected vendor after award of the contract. Previous Life Safety Statement of Conditions Drawings (.dwg files) for West Haven Campus Building 1 & Building 2 Only Floor Plan Drawings (.dwg files) for West Haven Campus Building 36 and all Newington Campus Buildings in this contract. Note these drawings do not include life safety or other features and are basic floor plan drawings only. Life Safety Drawings (.dwg files) where available for projects and renovations completed since 2021. Note that not all projects, renovations, reconfigurations may be available. Scheduled site surveys and field inspections shall be completed Monday through Friday during regular business hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. with a minimum 5-day notification. Critical & sensitive operational areas which cannot be accessed during these hours will require after hours work on weekends, evenings, or nights as identified by the Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). It is anticipated at least four to five 8-hour shifts will be necessary to complete during after-hours periods to complete all survey work. No work shall be performed on Government Holidays unless an emergency status has been indicated by the VA Contracting Officer. US Federal Holidays: New Year s Day Martin Luther King Jr. Day President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veteran s Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day VA Connecticut Healthcare System West Haven Boiler #3 Inspection and Repairs Page 2 of 2 SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Contractor Check-in: All employees of the service provider shall comply with VA Security Management Program and obtain permission of the VA Police and restricted from unauthorized access. Upon arrival, the contractor shall sign-in at Building 15 in West Haven and Building 3, 3rd Floor in Newington and receive a temporary identification badge prior to performing services at VA Connecticut Healthcare System. The contractor shall wear visible identification always displaying the name and company ID while on site. All site visits shall be coordinated with the VA COR or assigned POC. Due to security requirements, keys will not be issued to any of service provider s personnel. Escorts will be required to be provided by VA. VA can provide up to two (2) escort personnel per shift for survey activities. All survey activities which are not occurring in public spaces (common areas, corridors, lobbies, waiting rooms) will require escort by VA staff. Per Directive 1805, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. VA reserves the right to close down or shut down the facilities and order Service provider employees off the premises in the event of a national emergency. The Service provider may return to the site only with the written approval of the VA Contracting Officer. Parking for Service provider and employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider shall coordinate with VA COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with request for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service item was completed. Labor charges shall be billed hurly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the service report. Safety Codes / Certification / Licensing: Environmental abatement work, if necessary, is to be performed by Service Provider under supervision and monitoring for the VA by a Certified Industrial Hygienist. The Service Provider shall comply with all codes as described above, as well as codes customarily applied in VA construction jobs such as NFPA fire code, OSHA, VA Design Guides, etc. Labs used by the Service Provider shall be licensed as required by any applicable governing agencies, and their certifications and licenses shall be included in the reports. Travel: Service Provider and/or subcontractors will travel from their place of business to the West Haven and Newington VA Medical Center of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bf9ceb94165f45b194468e1bc8beda76/view)