---
layout: default
title: C211--589A6-26-415, Install Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning System l EKH
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: f94eeebe05df4d97a87ab0d7d8d1ca5d
---

# C211--589A6-26-415, Install Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning System l EKH

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 13:06:47.093-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526R0067
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 2 of 2 Pre-Solicitation Synopsis PROJECT TITLE: 589A6-26-415 Install Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning System (HVAC) BLDG 71 VAMC Leavenworth CONTRACT INFORMATION This A-E Services requirement is being procured in accordance with the Brooks Act (Public Law (PL0582) and implemented in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 36. Firms will be selected based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required work. b. This procurement is restricted to Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) firms. This requirement is being procured in accordance with the VAAR 836.606-73 as implemented in FAR Subpart 36.6. c. This is not a Request for Proposal, and an award will not be made with this announcement. This announcement is a request for SF 330 s from qualified contractors that meet the professional requirements. d. The selection criteria for this acquisition will be in accordance with FAR 36.602-1 and VAAR 836.602-1 and are listed below in descending order of importance. The completed SF 330 will be evaluated by the Leavenworth VA Medical Center Evaluation Board in accordance with FAR 36.602-5(a) and the selection report shall serve as the final selection list, which will be provided directly to the Contracting Officer. The Government will not pay nor reimburse any costs associated with responding to this request. The Government is under no obligation to award a contract because of this announcement. e. Award of any resultant contract is contingent upon the availability of funds. f. No solicitation document is available and no other information pertaining to project scope, etc. is available currently. Any request for assistance with submission or other procedural matters shall be submitted via email only to timothy.parison@va.gov. Personal visits to discuss this announcement will not be allowed. g. The NAICS Code for this procurement is 541330 Engineering Services and small business size standard of $25.5M. Award of a Firm Fixed Price contract is anticipated. The anticipated time for completion of design is approximately 180 calendar days including time for VA reviews. h. DATABASE REGISTRATION INFORMATION: VERIFICATION OF STATUS OF APPARENTLY SUCCESSFUL OFFEROR THIS ACQUISITION IS 100% SET-ASIDE FOR QUALIFIED SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESS AE FIRMS INCOMPLIANCE WITH VAAR 852.219-10. ONLY BUSINESSES VERIFIED AND LISTED IN THE VENDOR INFORMATION PAGES DATABASE, (http://www.Vetbiz.gov), SHALL BE CONSIDERED. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM): Federal Acquisition Registrations require that federal contractors register in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov and enter all mandatory information into the system. Award cannot be made until the contractor has registered. Offerors are encouraged to ensure that they are registered in SAM prior to submitting their qualifications package. THE EXCLUDED PARTIES LIST SYSTEM (EPLS): To ensure that the individuals providing services under the contract have not engaged in fraud or abuse regarding Sections 1128 and1128A of the Social Security Act regarding federal health care programs, the contractor is required to check the Excluded Parties List System (EPLS) located at www.sam.gov for each person providing services under this contract. Further the contractor is required to certify that all persons listed in the qualifications package have been compared against the EPLS list and are NOT listed. During the performance of this contract the Contractor is prohibited from using any individual or business listed on the List of Excluded Individuals/Entities. E-VERIFY SYSTEM: Companies awarded a contract with the federal government shall be required to enroll in E-Verify within 30 days of the contract award date. They shall also need to begin using the E-Verify system to confirm that all of their new hires and their employees directly working on federal contracts are authorized to legally work in the United States. E-Verify is an Internet-based system that allows an employer, using information reported on an employee's Form I-9, to determine the eligibility of that employee to work in the United States. There is no charge to employers to use E-Verify. (FAR 52.222-54) i. Electronically. m. Completed package shall be delivered electronically on or before 04/17//2026 at 2:00PM Central Standard Time to the NCO 15 Contracting Office, Attn: Tim Parison, Contracting Officer at timothy.parison@va.gov. PROJECT INFORMATION The mission of the VA Medical Center, Leavenworth, Kansas is to provide the highest quality health care to our nation s veterans. To accomplish this mission, VA Medical Center Leavenworth Engineering Service intends to partner with an Architect/Engineer A/E or Engineer Firm for a design completion to Install HVAC System, BLDG 71 Leavenworth, and additional supplemental guidance published by VA for VA owned facility at the VA Medical Center, Leavenworth Kansas. Supplement B A/E services are required for the preparation of Field Investigations and Studies, Schematics, Design Development, Construction Documents, Cost Estimate, and Construction Period Services for project number 589A6-26-415 Install Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning System (HVAC) System BLDG 71. This delivery order shall cover the following tasks. General Statement This project will: replace floor mounted, 4 pipe FCU s with ceiling mounted, 4 pipe FCU s on the south side of the building; replace the VRF system on the north side of the building with 4 pipe, ceiling mounted FCU s; provide and install ventilation ductwork to the existing, south ERV; and use the existing VRF system as a back-up system for the existing ERV s located in the attic. Anticipated time for completion of design is 180 calendar days including time for VA reviews. DESIGN WITHIN FUNDING LIMITATIONS: The design shall be prepared by the A/E to permit the award of a construction contract, using Federal Acquisition Regulation procedures for the construction of the facilities, at an estimated construction contract magnitude of $1,000,000.00 and $5,000,000.00. Evaluation FACTORS Selection Criteria are in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 36.602-5 and VA Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) Part 836.602-1.Â Prospective firms are required to address all selection criteria within submitted SF330 packages using additional pages as necessary.Â SF 330 submissions including any additional pages are not to exceed fifty (50) pages. Each page cannot exceed 81/2 x 11 in size. Qualifications (SF330) submitted by each firm for project number: 589A6-26-415 Install Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning System (HVAC) System BLDG 71 VA Medical Center Leavenworth, Kansas will be reviewed and evaluated based on the following evaluation criteria listed below in descending order of importance: 1. TEAM PROPOSED FOR THIS PROJECT. Professional Qualifications: the qualifications of the individuals which will be used for these services will be examined for experience and education and their record of working together as a team. A&E firms shall have licensed professional architects and engineers currently registered in the state of Kansas or in a state of which Kansas has recognized the engineering license. The specific disciplines which will be evaluated are Architects, Civil Engineer, Mechanical Engineers, Electrical Engineers, Structural Engineers, Industrial Hygienists, Estimators, CAD operators, Project Managers, LEED Consultant, Fire Protection Engineer, and Interior Designer. 2. PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE OF PROPOSED TEAM. Provide detailed project information on any projects (that are complete - design and construction) the proposed team has worked together on in the last five (5) years. Special emphasis will be given to any medical facility-related projects. If the entire team has not worked together previously, provide detailed project information that each of the team members has worked on in the last three (3) years with special emphasis on medical facility projects. The project information should include project titles, a short scope of work, date of design completion, date of construction completion, firms involved, etc. The A/E shall also describe if they have any experience completing a design that was started by another A/E firm. Provide the project title, scope of work, date of design start for this team, percentage of design when accepted by team and completion of design. 3. LOCATION AND FACIILITIES OF WORKING OFFICES: The geographic proximity of each firm to the location of the VA Medical Center will be evaluated. The medical center is located at Dwight D. Eisenhower, VA Medical Center, Leavenworth, Kansas. 4. PROJECT CONTROL. Provide the plan on how management will control the design schedule and costs. How will the quality control reviews for each design discipline be conducted? How will coordination reviews between all design disciplines be conducted? Who conducts these quality control and coordination reviews? 5. CAPACITY TO ACCOMPLISH THE WORK. The general workload and staffing capacity of the design offices, which will be responsible for most of the design and the ability to accomplish the work in the required time will be evaluated. In accordance with VAAR 852.219-10(c)(1), prime contractors shall clearly demonstrate how they will meet the requirement that at least 50 percent of the design work be accomplished by employees of the concern or employees of eligible service-disabled veteran owned small business subcontractor/consultant. 6. ESTIMATING EFFECTIVENESS. Provide information on the five (5) most recently awarded construction projects that were designed by this A/E team. Provide the project title, brief scope of work, A/E team s construction estimate total and actual construction award price. If the difference is greater than 10% explain why the A/E believes the difference was greater than 10%. If the team does not have any recent projects, provide the same information on projects that the prime A/E for this team was the prime A/E for the past projects. Provide the names, titles and experience of the persons that will perform the design for each discipline; and then has oversight of the entire estimate. 7. MISCELLANEOUS EXPERIENCE AND CAPABILITIES. For projects within the last five (5) years on each of the following: Provide information on projects that included surgery operating rooms where any A/E team member was a part of the design team. Provide the A/E team members experience with doing designs in Revit drawing software. Provide the A/E prime team member s experience with designing projects that must follow hospital infection prevention measures (ICRA) and interim life safety measures (ILSM). Provide the A/E team members experience with hazardous material abatement projects. 8. CLAIMS, TERMINATIONS AND LITIGATION. Claims and Terminations: record of significant claims against the firm or terminated contracts because of improper or incomplete architectural and engineering services will be examined. Provide information on any litigation involvement of the past five (5) years and the outcome.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: TIMOTHY PARISON
  - Title: CONTRACTING OFFICER
  - Email: timothy.parison@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1140

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f94eeebe05df4d97a87ab0d7d8d1ca5d/view)