---
layout: default
title: Z2DA--689-22-700 EHRM IU West Haven VAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b6c2397a7ef64e13a87696b0bffcc2f3
---

# Z2DA--689-22-700 EHRM IU West Haven VAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 08:59:26.056-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C77626Q0184
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SYNOPSIS: INTRODUCTION: This Sources Sought Notice (SSN) is for market research and information purposes only at this time and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration (VHA), Program Contracting Activity Central (PCAC) is conducting a market survey and is seeking potential sources for the Electronic Health Record Modernization (EHRM) Infrastructure Upgrades Construction project at the West Haven VA Medical Center (VAMC) located at 950 Campbell Avenue, West Haven CT 06516. PROJECT DESCRIPTION: The Department of Veteran Affairs is in the process of migrating from its existing Computerized Patient Record System (CPRS) to the new EHRM platform. The scope of this project includes but is not limited to the following: upgrade facility fiber throughout the buildings to each Telecommunications Room (TR), provide a redundant fiber run throughout the facility to each TR, provide redundant fiber mains to the redundant demarcation rooms from the provider point, install data drops, install new electrical outlets throughout the facility, provide additional power in each TR, upgrade facility power distribution as required, upgrade facility HVAC distribution as required, physical security assessment and upgrades, and hazardous material abatement. In addition to ensuring adequate capacity for planned growth and maintenance, this project addresses deficiencies as defined by the PSRDM (Physical Security Design and Resiliency Manual) 2021 VA Standard. The following buildings have been identified as having deficiencies to address: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 8.5, 9, 11, 11A, 12, 14, 15, 16A, 21, 22, 24, 27, 34, 35, 35A, 36, 36A, 12A, 14A, 15A, 2B, and site. Project also includes new data center. If additional buildings are found to be integral to patient services, they will be included in the survey and design to ensure that this program is successful and all required connectivity is installed prior to the Go Live date. To date all buildings have been surveyed. A DRAFT Statement of Work (SOW) has been provided. Please note this is a DRAFT and there are no attachments at this time. See Attachment 01 - DRAFT SOW - 689-22-700 EHRM IU West Haven PROCUREMENT INFORMATION: The proposed project will be a competitive, firm-fixed-price contract utilizing the Design-Bid-Build approach (Final Specifications and Drawings will be provided). The anticipated solicitation will be issued either as a Request for Proposal (RFP) in accordance with FAR Part 15, considering Technical Approach, Project Challenges/Phasing & Schedule and Price factors. The results and analysis of the market research will finalize the determination of the procurement method. The type of socio-economic set-aside, if any, will depend upon the responses to this notice and any other information gathered during the market research process. This project is planned for advertising in May 2026. In accordance with Veteran Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 836.204, the magnitude of construction is between $20,000,000.00 and $50,000,000.00 (Note that the VAAR magnitude of construction is closer to the higher end of this range). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 236220 (size standard $45.0 million) applies to this procurement. The duration of the project is currently estimated at 627 calendar days from the issuance of a Notice to Proceed. The services for this project will include providing all construction related services such as: providing labor, materials and equipment required to complete the project as per contract documents prepared by an independent Architect-Engineer firm. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Respondents shall provide a general capabilities statement to include the following information: Section 1: Provide company name, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), company address, Point-of-Contact name, phone number and email. Section 2: Provide company business size based on NAICS code 236220. Also, provide business type (i.e., Large Business, Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women-Owned Small Business, Hub Zone Small Business, etc.). Section 3: Provide a Statement of Interest in the project. Section 4: Provide the prime contractor s available bonding capacity in the form of a letter of intent from your bonding company with this submission. *Please ensure that the individual bonding capacity is in line with the VAAR Magnitude of Construction listed above. Section 5: Provide the type of work your company has performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement. This section is IMPORTANT as it will help to determine the type of socio-economic set-aside, if any. Please provide the following in your response: No more than three (3) contracts that your company has performed within the last seven (7) years that are of comparable size, complexity, and scope to this requirement. Include the project name, project owner and contact information as this person may be contacted for further information, project scope, project size (Example: square footage), building use (Example: Medical Facility, Office Building, etc.), project dollar value, start and completion dates. Provide specific examples that relate aspects of previous projects to the proposed project. Describe specific technical skills and key personnel your company possess to perform the requirements described under description of work. Describe your Self-Performed** effort (as either a Prime or Subcontractor). Describe Self-Performed work in terms of dollar value and description. **Self-Performed means work performed by the offeror themselves, NOT work performed by another company for them for any of the project examples provided. Section 6: Project Labor Agreement (PLA) - A PLA is defined as a pre-hire Collective Bargaining Agreement with one (01) or more labor organizations that establishes the terms and conditions of employment for a specific construction project and is an agreement described in 29 U.S.C. 158(f). The PLA questionnaire must be filled out and returned with the Sources Sought response. The questionnaire can be found at the end of this document. It is requested that interested contractors submit a response (electronic submission) of no more than nine (9) single sided pages, single-spaced, 12-point font minimum that addresses the above information (this is inclusive of the PLA questionnaire). This response must be submitted as a single application-generated (not scanned) PDF document that is less than or equal to 4MB in size. Please note that hard copies will not be accepted. Please also include a cover page, which includes, at a minimum: the company s name, address, Unique Entity Identifier (if available), socio-economic status, point-of-contact name, phone number, and e-mail address. Responses must include the Sources Sought number and project title in the subject line of their e-mail response. Submissions (responses) shall be submitted via email to the primary point of contact Contract Specialist Jacquelyn Wise (jacquelyn.wise@va.gov) and Contracting Officer Megan Dohm (megan.dohm@va.gov) listed below by May 1, 2026 at 1pm EST. The Capabilities Statement submitted in response to this Sources Sought shall not be considered to be a bid or proposal. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and is neither to be construed as a commitment by the Government nor will the Government pay for information solicited. No evaluation letters and/or results will be issued to the respondents. After completing its analyses, the Government will determine whether to limit competition among the small business categories listed above or proceed with full and open competition as other than small business. At this time no solicitation exists; therefore, please do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released it will be synopsized in Contract Opportunities at https://sam.gov/. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor this site for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. Contracting Office Address: VHA Program Contracting Activity Central (VHA-PCAC) 6150 Oak Tree Blvd. Suite 490 Independence, OH 44131 Primary Point of Contact: Jacquelyn Wise Contract Specialist jacquelyn.wise@va.gov Secondary Point of Contract: Megan Dohm Contracting Officer megan.dohm@va.gov PROJECT LABOR AGREEMENT (PLA) QUESTIONNAIRE (Please respond to the questions below) 1. Is your company familiar with Project Labor Agreement (PLA) and its use on construction projects? Yes/No Comments: 2. Would your company likely submit a proposal for the VA construction solicitation that requires the use of a PLA? Yes/No Comments: 3. If VA requires a PLA, would your proposed construction cost likely to increase or decrease and what is the likely percentage of cost increase or decrease? Comments: 4. Does the VA requirement to use of a PLA on a construction project restrict competition? Yes/No Comments: 5. Do you expect subcontractor resistance should VA requires the use of a PLA on this construction solicitation? Yes/No Comments: 6. Do you have additional comments regarding the use of a PLA for this project? Comments: 7. Has your Firm participated in projects with PLA agreements? Yes/No Â a. Were there cost increases, labor shortages, or other issues experienced on contracts that had the labor union clauses? If so, please provide more details. Â b. Did pricing remain as expected? If not, did it increase or decrease as a result? c. Was the project completed on time? Â d. Was craftsmanship acceptable (or better) than a level typically seen on other non-union projects. --- End of PLA Questionnaire ---

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Contract Specialist
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: jacquleyn.wise@va.gov
  - Phone: Contracting Officer

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - DRAFT SOW - 689-22-700 EHRM IU West Haven PROCUREMENT INFORMATION: The proposed project will be a competitive, firm-fixed-price contract utilizing the Design-Bid-Build approach (Final Specifications and Drawings will be provided). The anticipated solicitation will be issued either as a Request for Proposal (RFP) in accordance with FAR Part 15, considering Technical Approach, Project Challenges/Phasing & Schedule and Price factors. The results and analysis of the market research will finalize the determination of the procurement method. The type of socio-economic set-aside, if any, will depend upon the responses to this notice and any other information gathered during the market research process. This project is planned for advertising in May 2026. In accordance with Veteran Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 836.204, the magnitude of construction is between $20,000,000.00 and $50,000,000.00 (Note that the VAAR magnitude of construction is closer to the higher end of this range). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 236220 (size standard $45.0 million) applies to this procurement. The duration of the project is currently estimated at 627 calendar days from the issuance of a Notice to Proceed. The services for this project will include providing all construction related services such as: providing labor, materials and equipment required to complete the project as per contract documents prepared by an independent Architect-Engineer firm. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Respondents shall provide a general capabilities statement to include the following information: Section 1: Provide company name, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), company address, Point-of-Contact name, phone number and email. Section 2: Provide company business size based on NAICS code 236220. Also, provide business type (i.e., Large Business, Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women-Owned Small Business, Hub Zone Small Business, etc.). Section 3: Provide a Statement of Interest in the project. Section 4: Provide the prime contractor s available bonding capacity in the form of a letter of intent from your bonding company with this submission. *Please ensure that the individual bonding capacity is in line with the VAAR Magnitude of Construction listed above. Section 5: Provide the type of work your company has performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement. This section is IMPORTANT as it will help to determine the type of socio-economic set-aside, if any. Please provide the following in your response: No more than three (3) contracts that your company has performed within the last seven (7) years that are of comparable size, complexity, and scope to this requirement. Include the project name, project owner and contact information as this person may be contacted for further information, project scope, project size (Example: square footage), building use (Example: Medical Facility, Office Building, etc.), project dollar value, start and completion dates. Provide specific examples that relate aspects of previous projects to the proposed project. Describe specific technical skills and key personnel your company possess to perform the requirements described under description of work. Describe your Self-Performed** effort (as either a Prime or Subcontractor). Describe Self-Performed work in terms of dollar value and description. **Self-Performed means work performed by the offeror themselves, NOT work performed by another company for them for any of the project examples provided. Section 6: Project Labor Agreement (PLA) - A PLA is defined as a pre-hire Collective Bargaining Agreement with one (01) or more labor organizations that establishes the terms and conditions of employment for a specific construction project and is an agreement described in 29 U.S.C. 158(f). The PLA questionnaire must be filled out and returned with the Sources Sought response. The questionnaire can be found at the end of this document. It is requested that interested contractors submit a response (electronic submission) of no more than nine (9) single sided pages, single-spaced, 12-point font minimum that addresses the above information (this is inclusive of the PLA questionnaire). This response must be submitted as a single application-generated (not scanned) PDF document that is less than or equal to 4MB in size. Please note that hard copies will not be accepted. Please also include a cover page, which includes, at a minimum: the company s name, address, Unique Entity Identifier (if available), socio-economic status, point-of-contact name, phone number, and e-mail address. Responses must include the Sources Sought number and project title in the subject line of their e-mail response. Submissions (responses) shall be submitted via email to the primary point of contact Contract Specialist Jacquelyn Wise (jacquelyn.wise@va.gov) and Contracting Officer Megan Dohm (megan.dohm@va.gov) listed below by May 1, 2026 at 1pm EST. The Capabilities Statement submitted in response to this Sources Sought shall not be considered to be a bid or proposal. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and is neither to be construed as a commitment by the Government nor will the Government pay for information solicited. No evaluation letters and/or results will be issued to the respondents. After completing its analyses, the Government will determine whether to limit competition among the small business categories listed above or proceed with full and open competition as other than small business. At this time no solicitation exists; therefore, please do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released it will be synopsized in Contract Opportunities at https://sam.gov/. It is the potential offeror"s responsibility to monitor this site for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. Contracting Office Address: VHA Program Contracting Activity Central (VHA-PCAC) 6150 Oak Tree Blvd. Suite 490 Independence, OH 44131 Primary Point of Contact: Jacquelyn Wise Contract Specialist jacquelyn.wise@va.gov Secondary Point of Contract: Megan Dohm Contracting Officer megan.dohm@va.gov PROJECT LABOR AGREEMENT (PLA) QUESTIONNAIRE (Please respond to the questions below) 1. Is your company familiar with Project Labor Agreement (PLA) and its use on construction projects? Yes/No Comments: 2. Would your company likely submit a proposal for the VA construction solicitation that requires the use of a PLA? Yes/No Comments: 3. If VA requires a PLA, would your proposed construction cost likely to increase or decrease and what is the likely percentage of cost increase or decrease? Comments: 4. Does the VA requirement to use of a PLA on a construction project restrict competition? Yes/No Comments: 5. Do you expect subcontractor resistance should VA requires the use of a PLA on this construction solicitation? Yes/No Comments: 6. Do you have additional comments regarding the use of a PLA for this project? Comments: 7. Has your Firm participated in projects with PLA agreements? Yes/No Â a. Were there cost increases, labor shortages, or other issues experienced on contracts that had the labor union clauses? If so, please provide more details. Â b. Did pricing remain as expected? If not, did it increase or decrease as a result? c. Was the project completed on time? Â d. Was craftsmanship acceptable (or better) than a level typically seen on other non-union projects. --- End of PLA Questionnaire ---

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b6c2397a7ef64e13a87696b0bffcc2f3/view)