---
layout: default
title: Y1DZ--659-22-405 | Install Campus Generator | Salisbury VAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: f31e41b3a19d4e299d4b752e70a75eff
---

# Y1DZ--659-22-405 | Install Campus Generator | Salisbury VAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 13:28:03.168-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24626B0011
- Awardee: null

## Summary

W.G. (Bill) Hefner Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center 1601 Brenner Avenue Salisbury, North Carolina 28144 Subject: Statement of Work: Install Campus Generators Location: Campus Project #: 659-22-405 Date: 17 November 2025 STATEMENT OF WORK Scope of Work: General: Department of Veterans Affairs has an inherent need for emergency backup power. Currently, the backup power is being provided by small temporary backups in multiple buildings along with an outdated generator that has outlived its life expectancy.Â The VAMC is pursuing a project to install an emergency generator station. The Period of Performance is 420 calendar days and includes a 1-year warranty on all items. The vendor has responsibility for Duty to Report any fraud, waste and abuse witnessed while on VA premises to the Integrity and Compliance Officer. Site Civil: Applicable, Code, Guidelines, and Standards: VA PG-18-3 Design and Construction Procedures State of North Carolina General Permit to Clear and Grade a Proposed Site, General NPDES Permit Number SWG030000. State of North Carolina Erosion and Sediment Control Design Manual Code of Federal Regulation (CFR) 112 Oil Pollution Prevention Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasures Existing base map Existing field run topographic survey base mapping information is based on a CAD file entitled, 4531_Salisbury VA Topo . The existing base mapping is supplemented by topographic information based on a CAD file entitled, Department of Veterans Affairs, Salisbury, North Carolina, dated February 1993, updated October 2006. The vertical datum is based on mean sea level NAVD88. The horizontal datum is based on North Carolina State Plan Coordinate system NAD83. Aerial Imagery obtained via Google Earth Pro dated January 2021. Grading Site grading will be provided to accommodate the equipment enclosure and associated fuel delivery. Positive drainage will be directed away from the new equipment enclosure in all directions to match the existing drainage pattern. One finished floor elevation will be provided for the equipment enclosure. The fuel delivery area will be sloped in accordance with the existing drainage pattern and tie into existing grade beyond the improvements at a maximum 3:1 slope. Vehicular Circulation The proposed concrete fuel delivery area is designed to accommodate a standard AASHTO WB-65 truck template. The fuel delivery area will be surrounded by retaining wall / curb to provide containment in the event of a fuel spill. Pedestrian Circulation The new equipment building is not accessible to the public and shall be accessed by authorized maintenance staff only. An accessible sidewalk ramp is proposed at the east side of the building site. Utilities Water, sanitary and electrical improvements are required for the equipment enclosure. Sanitary sewer requirements will be met within the enclosure and no additional infrastructure is required. Water requirements will be met by providing a 6-inch waterline to the equipment enclosure for domestic service and the sprinkler system. Water service will be provided through a connection into the existing water system. Final water connection location will be determined once the sub-surface utility investigation has been completed. Electrical conduit will be rerouted to the new building connecting to the existing campus infrastructure. No impacts to existing storm or sewer lines are anticipated. Storm Sewer A storm inlet and associated storm sewer will be provided at the low point within the concrete fuel delivery pad. Fuel containment measures will be provided in the event of a spill. All other areas are expected to run off overland to the fence line at the perimeter of the site adjacent to the proposed improvements. Landscaping Stabilization measures such as sodding, and seeding are anticipated as part of this project scope. Since no trees are expected to be removed as part of this project, no new trees are proposed. Structural Applicable Codes, Guidelines, and Standards: VA PG-18-3 Design and Construction Procedures (Nov 1, 2023) VA Handbook H-18-8 VA Seismic Design Requirements for VA Hospital Facilities (July 1, 2023) VA PG-18-10 Structural Design Manual (Oct 1, 2022 Rev July 1, 2023) VA Physical Security and Resiliency Design Manual (PSRDM) (Oct 1, 2020 Rev Jan 1, 2024) 2021 International Building Code (IBC) ASCE 7-22 Minimum Design Loads for Buildings and Other Structures ACI 318-19 Building Code Requirements for Reinforced Concrete AISC 360-16 Specification for Structural Steel Buildings AISC 341-16 Seismic Provisions for Structural Steel Buildings TMS 402-16 Building Code Requirements and Specification for Masonry Structures Overview and Design Approach: The proposed building is approximately 62 x 102 x 24 tall with a 42 x 50 x 15 tall tank enclosure yard to the east. The exterior walls for the building and yard enclosure will need to be extremely high impact resistant as the generators support a critical facility. The extreme high impact loads are per the direction of the Physical Security consultant. The proposed building structure is steel framed with steel joists and wide flange girders with bare metal deck and steel columns. During the geotechnical investigation, it was found that there is a significant amount of unsuitable fill on the site, varying from 5 to 17 from top of grade. In the report, there are two potential foundation options to consider, either remove the existing fill and replace with consolidated structural fill or utilize ground improvement of aggregate piers down to natural soils with the existing fill in place. After review of costs, removal of the existing fill and replacement has been selected as the basis of design. The building and yard enclosure has been designed for the highest structural Risk Category IV per the VA Handbook H-18-8 VA Seismic Design Requirements for VA Hospital Facilities. Using Site Class C , per the Geotechnical report, this results in a Seismic Design Category C, which requires seismic bracing for all MEP components. The proposed lateral system is to use the CMU walls as non-load bearing shear walls. Design Loads: Dead Loads: Refer to calculations in appendix. Floor Live Load 150 psf Roof Live Load 20 psf Snow Load Ground Snow, pg = 31 psf (22 psf ASD) Thermal Factor, Ct =

1.2 Flat Roof Snow Load, pf = 26 psf (19 psf ASD) Minimum Flat Roof Snow Load, pm = 31 psf (22 psf) Wind Load Vult = 121 mph Tornado Load VT = 70 mph Seismic Load Site Class C Seismic Design Category C Risk Category IV (Critical Facility) Foundation and Slab on Grade: During the geotechnical investigation, it was found that there is a significant amount of unsuitable fill on the site, varying from 5 to 17 from top of grade. In the report, there are two potential foundation options to consider: Remove the existing fill and replace with consolidated structural fill, with an allowable bearing pressure of 2000 psf Utilize ground improvement of aggregate piers down to natural soils with the existing fill in place, with an allowable a bearing pressure of 6000 psf After review of costs, removal of the existing fill and replacement has been selected as the basis of design. The geotechnical testing has provided the following approximations of soil that needs to be replaced: The shallow foundations include isolated spread footings for columns and continuous strip footings for the walls to be founded at or below the frost depth of 1 -0 . Foundations have been coordinated to be below all utilities penetrating the exterior walls. An exterior perimeter foundation drain will be provided to prevent hydrostatic loading on the walls. The slab on grade will be a minimum 6 thick concrete slab reinforced with #5 at 12 o.c. each way. To prevent the translation of vibration from the generators to the rest of the structure, the generators will be supported on 4 -0 thick foundations. The exterior yard will have a washed gravel base with an elevation to match the building slab elevation. The fuel tanks will be supported on isolated saddle support foundations and associated catwalk platforms and stairs on isolated spread footings. Roof Framing: The roof framing will be approximately 30 -0 long steel joists spaced at 6 -0 o.c. maximum with a 1 1/2 metal roof deck with wide flange steel girders supported by steel columns. The steel girder over the generator bay has been designed to clear span space to avoid conflict with the generators. The steel joists have been designed to account for the snow drift created by the parapet walls and 20psf MEP hanging load. Exterior Walls The exterior walls for the building and yard enclosure will need to be extremely high impact resistant as the generators support a critical facility. The exterior reinforced CMU building walls have been analyzed and designed for the extreme high impact loads per the direction of the Physical Security consultant with a minimum 12 thickness. Where large louver openings are located, steel HSS frames are required at 4 -6 maximum to meet the requirements of the extreme high impact loads per the direction of the Physical Security consultant. Lateral Force Resisting System: The building and yard enclosure have been designed for the highest structural Risk Category IV per the VA Handbook H-18-8 VA Seismic Design Requirements for VA Hospital Facilities. Using Site Class C , per the Geotechnical report, this results in a Seismic Design Category C, which requires seismic bracing for all MEP components. The proposed lateral system is to use the CMU walls as non-load bearing shear walls. Enclosed Tank Yard The same type of wall construction as the building walls will be required around the fuel tank(s). Architectural Applicable Codes, Guidelines, and Standards: 2021 NFPA 101 Life Safety Code VA Physical Security and Resiliency Design Manual (PSRDM) 2021 International Building Code (IBC) 2021 International Existing Building Code (IEBC) Overview and Design Approach: Project scope includes construction of a new 1-story building to house emergency generators and all related infrastructure needed to operate them. The building will be approximately 6,300 square feet in area. Open air fuel tank yard will be created adjacent to the building to protect tanks per PSRDM. The yard will be approximately 2,000 square feet in area. Code Summary Industrial Use, Special Purpose Occupancy Classification: industrial occupancies that are characterized by relatively low density of employee population, with much of the area occupied by machinery or equipment. Type II (000) Construction: walls, floors, roofs, structural elements shall be of noncombustible or limited combustible materials. Building Exterior Exterior design is anticipated to follow the design aesthetic of the surrounding buildings on campus. Brick veneer with an insulated concrete masonry unit backup wall will be used for all exterior walls. Large, blast-rated louvers will be provided based on design criteria of the generator air intake and exhaust requirements. The roof will be single sloped towards the campus property line and drained with a large gutter running along the entire length of the building. Downspouts will be used to move water from the gutter to the stormwater system. Exterior enclosure will be blast-rated following the guidelines in the VA s Physical Security & Resiliency Design Manual. Design Ideas: Interior Design The interior design will be utilitarian in nature. Interior walls will be comprised of 8 concrete masonry units for durability and ease of maintenance. Exposed concrete and painted concrete masonry units will be utilized throughout. Finishes will be reviewed and selected in conjunction with VA Interior Design staff and based on durability, maintenance, and aesthetics. 5. Fire Suppression Applicable Codes, Guidelines, and Standards: VA PG-18-10 Fire Protection Design Manual, Eighth Edition VA PG-18-4 Standard Details and CAD Standards VHA Directive 1061 Prevention of Healthcare-Associated Legionella Disease and Scald Injury from Water Systems International Fire Code (IFC) National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) NFPA 13 Standard for the Installation of Fire Sprinkler Systems NFPA 20 Standard for the Installation of Stationary Pumps for Fire Protection NFPA 37 Standard for the Installation and Use of Stationary Combustion Engines and Gas Turbines NFPA 101 National Life Safety Codes The new Generator Building will be sprinkled with the new water service to be sourced from the existing water main. The existing water main will need to be relocated to avoid the new foundational footprint of the new generator building and fuel storage yard. The re-routing of the existing water main will be shown on the Civil plans, with a point of connection identified for the new connection to the building. The spaces within the Generator Building will be designated as Extra Hazard or Ordinary Hazard, Group 1, and the sprinkler heads will be standard response pendent sprinklers per the VA Wet-Pipe Sprinkler Systems specification. The standby generator room shall be protected in accordance with NFPA 37. The new fire service connection will be backflow prevented and separated from the domestic water service to support the new building. The new fire service connection shall be sized for 6 , though this connection size can be reduced if hydraulic calculations are provided to indicate that the smaller service connection will accommodate the system design. A new fire riser room will be provided to accommodate this building s service entry and the necessary valving, switches, and drains. The floor drain for the new fire riser room will be daylighted and discharged towards the south end of the new building to take advantage of the south-sloping terrain towards the property line. 6. Plumbing Applicable, Code, Guidelines, and Standards: VA PG-18-4 Standard Details and CAD Standards VA PG-18-13 Architectural Accessibility, Barrier Free Design VHA Directive 7704 Emergency Eyewash and Shower Program 2021 International Plumbing Code (IPC) American National Standards Institute ANSI/ISEA Z358.1-2014: American National Standard For Emergency Eyewash And Shower Equipment Overview and Design Approach DOMESTIC COLD-WATER A new 1 domestic cold-water service will be distributed to (2) exterior wall hydrants to provide general wash-down capability at the new generator building. This domestic water service will be sourced from the new fire service connection to accommodate the building s sprinkler system. The new domestic water service will be isolated from the fire service piping and backflow prevented at the main service entry. A self-contained emergency eyewash station will be provided in accordance with ANSI Z358.1. DOMESTIC HOT-WATER There is no anticipated requirement to provide domestic hot water to the new generator building. STORM AND CONDENSATE It is proposed that the new Generator Building will use roof scuppers to divert storm water to an adjacent bioswale area. No internally piped roof drains are anticipated with this project. Storm water within the fuel oil storage yard shall be diverted to the new storm system south of the new building. Condensate from the new DX heating/cooling equipment to serve the new Electrical Rooms will be routed outside the building. The new water service entry room will also require drains for the backflow prevention equipment and riser piping. This drain can be discharged to the building exterior in accordance with NFPA 13. SANITARY WASTE It is our preference to minimize the need for sanitary connections to serve the new Generator Building. We propose that the end runs of the new fuel oil distribution trench be provided with 12 sump depressions if the generator room needs to be de-watered. Eliminating standard floor drains from the facility will avoid the need to connect to sanitary and will mitigate problems associated with trap desiccation and fuel oil separation at each floor drain. It is also proposed that a self-contained emergency eyewash station be installed to eliminate the need for an additional sanitary drain connection. 7. Mechanical Applicable, Code, Guidelines, and Standards: VA PG-18-4 Standard Details and CAD Standards VHA Directive 1061 Prevention of Healthcare-Associated Legionella Disease and Scald Injury from Water Systems VHA Directive 7704 Emergency Eyewash and Shower Program 2021 International Mechanical Code (IMC) 2021 International Fuel Gas Code (IFGC) National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) NFPA 30 Flammable and combustible Liquids Code NFPA 31 Standard for the Installation of Oil-Burning Equipment NFPA 54 National Fuel Gas Code NFPA 101 National Life Safety Code Code of Federal Regulations 40 CFR 112 Oil Pollution Prevention Overview and Design Approach: The new emergency generator building will enclose (3) stand-alone generator units with integrated controls. Temperature will be controlled for the generators through roof mounted exhaust fans for periods when the engines are not running, and the radiator fans during engine operation. Split systems will provide temperature control for the support spaces. All new equipment will be connected to the campus central building management system through new direct digital controls. Generator Engine Exhaust The exhaust from each generator will be filtered and muffled before being discharged from the facility in accordance with the Tier 2 compliance standards for the VA campus. Hospital grade mufflers will be provided to reduce the sound output from the engines, with explosion relief valves inline with the system to prevent damaging the system. The engine exhaust will be a premanufactured double wall pre-insulated system, or, at minimum, schedule 40 carbon steel piping with 3 inches of calcium silicate insulation for thermal protection and noise lagging. Electrical Room HVAC Systems. The ATS/Switchgear Room will be heated/cooled with a DX heat pump system to maintain temperature setpoints for reliable operation. A gas detection system will be installed to monitor hydrogen gas build-up from the battery systems in the electrical room, with specialty exhaust ductwork and spark proof construction fans to remove potentially harmful gases from the environment. The Electrical Room will similarly require the installation of a DX heat pump unit to maintain the space temperature per the HVAC design manual. DX equipment is proposed since there is no readily available source of chilled/heating hot water in this area of the campus. Fuel Oil Storage and Distribution Fuel oil for the generators will be provided to store at least 96 hours of run-time fuel for (2) generators operating at full design load. Each generator will be installed with a day tank adjacent to each generator to accommodate approximately 90 minutes of full load consumption, with the rest of the fuel reserve stored in above-ground storage tanks adjacent to the new generator building. A fuel oil transfer system will be installed to distribute fuel oil from the main storage tanks to the generator day tanks in a combined loop. The fuel oil distribution loop will incorporate double-walled piping to mitigate fuel spill potential. Fuel oil will be pulled from the storage tanks through a new duplex fuel oil supply pump skid. This fuel oil will then be distributed to the generator day tanks. Each day tank will be outfitted with a dedicated return fuel oil pump to return unused fuel back to the primary storage tanks. A fuel oil polishing skid will be installed within the generator building to continuously filter/polish the fuel oil prior to delivery to the system. The generator engines will pull fuel oil from the day tanks for proper engine operation. The following items will be required to support the fuel oil distribution system: Fuel Flow (#2 Diesel): 190 GPH (3.2 GPM) per generator. Fuel oil supply and return double-wall piping. Fuel Storage (including integrated day tanks): 190 GPH x 2 operating generators x 96 hours requires 36,480 gallons. Two (2) 20,000 gallon above-grade UL142 compliant tanks are provided. Fuel polishing/filtration station to continuously polish/filter the fuel oil prior to distribution. 20 GPM fuel oil return pumps for each generator day tank to permit recycling of stagnant fuel oil. Fuel oil supply manifold to permit flow limiting (900 GPH) and flow control to each generator. Generator Airflow The basis of design generator system requires 108,000 CFM of cooling airflow per generator, along with 8,400 CFM of combustion air for continuous standby operation. Consequently, blast-rated louvers will be installed across the south and north faces of the building, with a combined approximate dimension of 56 x 16 to accommodate this airflow requirement. The generator s exhaust fans will entrain the air across the blast louver(s), filter bank, and sound attenuation assembly with control air damper systems per generator on the intake assembly for directional and isolation control. The discharge of the radiator will be connected to the recirculation and radiator discharge control system, which is made up of recirculation radiator discharge air dampers, sound attenuators, and an exhaust air louver discharge plenum. The recirculation air dampers will operate to recirculate hot radiator discharge airflow in the event the engine room requires heating while the engines run. Generator Room Temperature Control When the generators are not operating, the space temperature of the generator area will be maintained with (2) roof-mounted exhaust fans. These fans shall be energized when the generator space temperature rises above 85 deg F (adj.). The generator area of the building maximum temperature must be maintained at or below 104 deg F. The summer design temperature for Salisbury, NC is 93 deg. F. The new exhaust fans will be sized to provide 10 ACH at the occupant zone (<10 AFF) Once the space temperature drops below the setpoint, the exhaust fans shall be de-energized. The intake control dampers on the far ends of the louver assembly will energize to accommodate this cooling function for the generator facility. All new HVAC Equipment will be integrated and connected to the VA s existing DDC front-end BAS front-end equipment. 8. Electrical Applicable Codes, Guidelines, and Standards The following is a list of VA and other design and construction criteria that shall be utilized by the A/E for the development of the design of this project: PG-18-10 Design Manuals VA Electrical Design Manual VA Lighting Design Manual NFPA 70, National Electrical Code NFPA 99, Healthcare Facilities Code NFPA 110, Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems IBC, International Building Code IEEE 3000 Standards Collection for Industrial & Commercial Power Systems Overview and Design Approach The existing Salisbury VAMC currently has no centralized Essential Electrical System (EES) loop and is served only by one incoming utility feed without any normal standby generators. The existing normal service to the VAMC campus enters on the southside of the campus by building 17 via a utility owned substation that provides 12.47kV to the campus. The tie into the campus occurs via a multiway switch named PG1 . From PG1, via switch ways 4 and 5, a campus loop is distributed to multiple other multiway pad mount switches to feed the various buildings on campus. The campus loop is broken at the chiller plant via switch 5 so a radial protection scheme can be achieved. An existing 2MW, 5kV generator is also tied into PG1 via a step-up unit substation to partially serve as a normal standby generator. This generator and substation are operational but dated and not sufficient for the total load of the VAMC. Above Group has been tasked to provide a design of a new generator facility to provide normal standby power to rectify the deficiency in having two sources of power per the PSRDM. This design will also account for a future EES loop to be provided as this was removed from the scope after conceptual design due to budget constraints. The project expectation is that the generator manufacturer/distributor will provided all parts required for the generator, switchgear, load bank, grounding system, relay engineering/setting/programming, and accessories. The new generator facility will consist of medium-voltage generators, medium-voltage parallel switchgear, medium-voltage load bank, high resistance neutral grounding resistors, low-voltage unit substations, automatic transfer switches, panelboards, low-voltage dry-type transformers, and lighting systems all contained in a PSRDM compliant building. The generators will be N+1 redundant with only (2) two required to run to provide the desired 5.5MW of generation capacity currently required by the VAMC. Above Group believes that this configuration and generation capacity is adequate based on existing utility bills shared that show the peak demand of the facility at approximately 4.1MW. This configuration will provide redundancy and an additional 1MW for future load growth while still allowing the generators to operate in their optimal loading zone. Medium-Voltage Generators The new generator facility will consist of (3) 12.47kV, 2.75MW, wye connected alternator (130/40 C rise, 12,470V, 4P9.X-2400-M Nidec Alternator), Diesel, Tier 2 Generator Sets in an open configuration (Similar to MTU 20V4000 DS2800). Each generator will be provided with a local day tank connected to a central fuel system with 96 hours total capacity of fuel for N (2) generators. Refer to the mechanical section of this report for additional information on the fuel system. Each generator shall be provided as a complete package with all ancillary equipment provided, including, but not limited to: NGR (Neutral Grounding Resistor) to provide a high resistance grounding scheme Jacket/Coolant heater Hospital grade exhaust silencer (Refer to mechanical portion of the narrative for specifics) Generator to Skid Vibration isolators The DC starting voltage per generator will be provided via a SENS NiZn N+1 battery set up consisting of (3) SENS 8Z battery systems (or equal NiZin system). Medium-Voltage Paralleling Switchgear and Controls The medium-voltage paralleling switchgear shall be 15kV, 1200A, 500MVA rated (Square D MasterClad or equal). The switch-gear package shall contain paralleling PLC controls for full control of the paralleling of the generators, both automatic and manual. This shall be provided as part of the generator manufacturer s package. Generator protection relays shall be SEL 700G or equal and feeder protection relays shall be SEL 751A and 751+ or equal (as noted on drawings). The switchgear shall be provided with a fully insulated bus, IR windows, indicator lights for open, close, spring charged, and locked out. All breakers shall have fused disconnects for control power and relay test switches (FT-1 or equal) provided in a separate relay compartment cabinet. All CTs shall be C200 accuracy and dual, redundant CPTs shall be provided with a selector switch inside the switchgear. The switchgear shall be provided with intermediate class surge arrestors. Additionally, ZSI and Bus Differential protection shall be provided. It should be noted that direction elements shall be provided on the feeder out to PG-1 to trip upon current entering the MV Paralleling Gear. The controls shall be provided with redundant, hot-swappable PDU/CPUs. A logging and control interface shall be provided for all relays to allow tie into the existing SEL relay front end interface (SEL 3350 RTAC). An HMI interface shall be provided with the ability to tie into the existing BMS system for metering and status. The controls shall also interface with a generator manufacturer provided 3MW, multistep, resistive, medium-voltage, outdoor rated load bank (Native Fans, AVTRON or equal). The controls shall be provided in a separate room and enclosure to provide protection for the operators. Switchgear DC power will be provided via a centralized battery system consisting of redundant battery strings w/racks, best battery selector, DC disconnects, chargers, and DC distribution panel. This system shall be provided as part of the entire switchgear/generator package and be located in the same room as the switchgear. Basis of design shall include ASCO Switchgear with ASCO providing sequence of operations programming. G&W shall provide adjustments to the existing pad mounted switch programming and provide relay programming for the entirety of the project. Both shall be provided under the generator manufacturer/distributor umbrella (Curtis Power Solutions or equal). Medium-Voltage Load Bank A generator load bank will be provided and tied into the medium-voltage parallelling switchgear line up. This load bank will be purely resistive, 3MW in total with 500kW step load ability, and accept the native 12.47kV voltage of the generators output. Controls will be located on the load bank but also provided in a remote interface within the switchgear controls enclosure. The heat exhaust from this load bank will be directed upwards. The load bank shall be an Avtron 9200 or similar with native fans. Generator and Switchgear Grounding The medium-voltage electrical system will utilize a high resistance grounding scheme. 50A resistors with monitoring shall be provided at each of the generators. Basis of Design is Bender NGRM 700 with paired resistor for 50A of let through current to ground. The NGRs will be located in the generator room. The entirety of the generator facility shall be provided with a #4/0 bare copper ground ring with Â¾ x 10 ground rods. All connections below grade will be exothermic type. A minimum of two (2) test wells shall be provided. The generator NGR system shall be provided as Bender as Basis of Design under the generator manufacturer/distributor. Generator Facility Interconnection From the paralleling switchgear a new main feeder duct bank will run to the existing 5kV generator unit substation area and tie into the existing generator switch way. The existing unit substation will be removed in its entirety along with the existing 5kV generator. The existing conduit pathways from the unit substation will be reused along with the existing generator relay and switch way within PG1 (Main interface switch between VAMC campus electrical normal power loops and Duke incoming power). The cutover will occur over a weekend and will require a multiday outage of the existing 5KV generator. The unit substation will be replaced with an inground, lockable, manhole in which the existing conduits will be intercepted and the main feeder from the paralleling switchgear will be extended into PG1. The existing relay will have its settings adjusted by G&W as basis of design. This interconnection will occur after the new generators, paralleling switchgear, and other accessories have been installed and tested onsite. A final test will occur after interconnection to PG1. This step must be completed in multiple phases to reduce the overall exposure of the VAMC campus to having no normal standby power. Building Power The generator facility will require normal/emergency power. Emergency only will be derived from the new paralleling switchgear, and the normal power will be pulled from existing switch 1 which is adjacent to PG1. Each will respectively feed into an emergency and normal unit substation consisting of a medium-voltage switch, 250kVA, dry-type (VPI), 12.47kV 208/120V WYE transformer, that is coupled to an 800A distribution board. This substation shall contain logic to operate as a transfer device that upon the loss of normal power transfer to emergency power. Miscellaneous and Cabling The generators, switchgear, unit substations, and load bank shall be mounted on concrete pads. All power cabling shall be provided in concrete, reinforced, ductbanks with tracer and warning tape. All control cabling shall be provided in PVC Schedule 40 conduit above po...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sean A Cosby
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Sean.Cosby@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f31e41b3a19d4e299d4b752e70a75eff/view)