---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought VAPIHCS Flooring Materials Contract Vehicle
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 196ceba75d6046d9b377a55448d65150
---

# Sources Sought VAPIHCS Flooring Materials Contract Vehicle

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 21:57:42.543-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0544

## Summary

The purpose of this Sources Sought is to conduct market research to identify companies capable of providing Flooring Materials for a Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity or Blanket Purchase Agreement of contract for the Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Network Contracting Office (NCO) 21, on behalf of VA Pacific Islands Healthcare System (1) The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this Sources Sought Notice or to otherwise pay for the information solicited. (2) Although “proposal,” “offeror,” “contractor,” and “offeror” may be used in this source sought notice, any response will be treated as information only. It shall not be used as a proposal. (3) The purpose of this sources sought is to conduct market research to support the procurement of Flooring Materials for an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity contract for the VA Pacific Islands Healthcare System. This notice serves to survey the market to ascertain whether or not sources are capable of providing the requested flooring materials. This notice allows potential contractors/vendors to submit a non-binding statement of interest and documentation demonstrating their capability. The sources sought effort is intended to assess industry capabilities and develop/support the intended direction of acquisition planning. The Network Contracting Office (NCO 21) is requesting responses from qualified business concerns: the qualifying NAICS code for this effort is 238330 - Flooring Contractors and Size Standard of $19M. 4) This source sought notice to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classifications (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman-owned small business, or large business) relative to NAICS 339950. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After a review of the responses to this notice, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this notice are not considered adequate responses to any corresponding solicitation announcement. All interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation announcement in addition to responding to this notice. (5) Any information received from a contractor in response to this Sources Sought Notice maybe used in creating a solicitation. Any information received that is marked with a statement, such as “proprietary” or “confidential,” intended to restrict distribution will not be distributed outside of the Government, except as required by law. Background: The purpose of this contract is to establish a source for the supply and delivery of commercial-grade/ healthcare-grade flooring materials for facilities supported by the Veterans Affairs Pacific Islands Health Care System (VAPIHCS). This BPA covers materials only and does not include installation, removal, site preparation, or labor services: The Contractor is required to provide listed flooring materials. The contractor must be able to provide any base materials necessary to replace existing flooring. The contractor must be authorized distributor. Installation will not be required. Line Item 0001: Luxury Vinyl Plank (LVP)/Luxury Vinyl Tile (LVT) -MetroFlor Deja New San Marcos Oak Pumice Wash DN1445105 Must be Luxury Vinyl Plank (LVP) commercial-grade strength and waterproof properties for high traffic areas. Must be a standard ASTM F1700 specification with Class III, Type B classification Must be 9 x 60 in. Plank (228.6 x 1,524 mm) tile size to properly fit area dimensions. Must have a wear layer thickness of 0.5mm 20 mil and overall thickness of 2.5 mm (0.098 in.) Must have a Micro-Bevel Edge profile Must meet ASTM E648 Critical Radiant Flux (Radiant Panel) Class I >

0.45 W/Sq. cm. rating in accordance with the fire-test-response standard Must meet ASTM F970 static load > 0.5 with static load of 0.005 in., 1,400 psi Must meetASTM D2047 Coefficient of Friction / Slip Resistance > 0.6 (Dry) Must meet ASTM D4060 Abrasion Resistance Average > 20,000 cycles Must pass ASTM tests for chemical resistance, residential indentation, and flexibility. Must be complaint with Heat (ASTM F 1514) and Light (ASTM F 1515) color stability by color change < 8. Must have finish design options including wood, abstract, and stone looks. Line Item 0002: Cove Base- Flexco 6” Wallflowers TS Rubber Base Cove 4’ Gray 036 Base Must meet ASTM F1861 – Resilient Wall Base Type TS, Group 1, Styles A & B Must meet ASTM E648 (NFPA 253) – Critical Radiant Flux Class I, ?

0.45 W/cm2 Must meet ASTM E84 – Flammability Class A Must meet ASTM F925 – Chemical Resistance Excellent Must meet ASTM F137 and ASTM F1515 – Flexibility Excellent/ Light Stability ?E ? 8 Achieved NSF/ANSI 332 Level 1 Certification Line Item 0003: Hard Set Adhesive-Prevail 3500 Hard-set Adhesive Must be solvent free, acrylic adhesive Must be compatible with homogeneous and heterogeneous sheet flooring, LVT, LVP Must meet ATSM F2170: 80%<, ATSM F1869:6lbs< (moisture vapor emissions) Must have 1 year unopened shelf life Must meet ATSM F710 pH between 7.0-10.0, per ASTM F2170 or ASTM F1869 test standards Must be maintained at 65° to85°F Line Item 0004: Sheet Vinyl Flooring (Healthcare grade)-Mannington Resilient Sheet including BioSpec MD Must be Homogenous and meet ASTM F1913 Sheet Vinyl Floor Covering without backing Must pass Static Load(ASTM F970) Must pass ASTM F925 tests for chemical resistance, residential indentation, and flexibility. Must meet ASTM E648 Flooring Radiant Panel Must be<

0.007 Must pass Resistance to Mold/Mildew (ASTM G21/E2180)- PASSES Must be compatible with Mannington Commercial Weld Rods/MCS-42 Chemical Seam Line Item 0005: Sealer/Mannington Seam Coater for high traffic areas Must pass Resistance to Heat (ASTM Fl514) passes < 8 Delta E Color Change Must pass Smoke Density (ASTM E662) passes Class 1; 2: 0.45 watts/cm2 Must meet Flexibility (ASTM Fl37) standards passes 1 1/2'Mandrel - No Crack/Break Must be compatible with all BioSpec Accessories 1500 series. (weld rod, ideal base, wall base) Line Item 0006: Carpet Tile (Commercial/Healthcare grade) -Mohawk Must meet modular carpet tile format 24”x24” and 12”x36” (if applicable) Must meet solution dyed nylon Must be high density tufted for dimensional stability Must be PVC free thermoplastic backing or equivalent Must meet ASTM E648 (class 1 or better) and ASTM E662 (smoke density) CRI Green Label Plus certification , low VOC emissions Line Item 0007: Rubber Flooring or Rubber Tile -Mannington Must be commercial thermoset vulcanized rubber flooring Must be 18”x18”, 24”x24” or 4’x50’ sheet Must be slip resistant surface suitable for high traffic commercial and healthcare spaces Must be certified LOW VOC per LEED or FloorScore Must meet ASTM F1344, ASTM f1859 Must meet ASTM E648 Critical Radiant Flux Must pass Smoke Density (ASTM E662) Must meet ASTM D2047 SCOF Line Item 0008: Epoxy Floor Coatings Two-component, 100% solids epoxy coating for interior concrete floors. Minimum adhesion strength of 250 psi per ASTM D4541. Compressive strength ? 10,000 psi per ASTM D695. Abrasion resistance per ASTM D4060. Chemical resistance per ASTM D1308. Slip resistance meeting ANSI A326.3 where required. Compatible with concrete moisture testing per ASTM F1869 and ASTM F2170. Low VOC formulation compliant with applicable regulations. Available in standard colors with optional aggregate or flake system. Line Item 0009: Vinyl Composition Tile (VCT): 12” × 12”, 1/8” thick vinyl composition tile conforming to ASTM F1066, Class 2. Commercial-grade homogeneous construction. Meets ASTM E648 Class I critical radiant flux requirements. Dimensional stability per ASTM F2199 and indentation resistance per ASTM F970. FloorScore certified for low VOC emissions. Glue-down installation with moisture testing per ASTM F1869 or ASTM F2170. Available in manufacturer’s standard commercial color selections. Geographic locations will include the following: Bldg. 30, Ambulatory Care Clinic (ACC)- 459 Patterson Rd. Honolulu, HI 96819 Bldg. 32, Parking Structure (PRKG)- 459 Patterson Rd. Honolulu, HI 96819 Bldg. 110A, Community Living Center (CLC)- 110 Krukowski Rd. Honolulu, HI 96819 Bldg. T1, E-Wing (EW)- 1 Jarret White Rd. Honolulu, HI 96819 VA Warehouse 3375 Koapaka St Honolulu, HI 96819 VA Community Based Outpatient Clinics (CBOC) including: Windward VA Clinic- 46-001 Kamehameha Hwy Ste 301 Kaneohe, HI 96744 Hilo VA Clinic- 45 Mohouli St. Hilo, HI 96720 Kona VA Clinic - 73-5618 Maiau St. Ste 200 Kailua-Kona,HI 96740 Maui VA Clinic - 203 Ho’ohana Street Kahului, HI 96732 Kauai VA Clinic - 4485 Pahe’e Street Ste 150 Lihue, HI 96766 Molokai VA Clinic - 604 Mauna Loa Hwy Kaunakakai, HI 96748 PLEASE INDICATE WHETHER YOU HOLD A GSA FEDERAL SUPPLY SCHEDULE CONTRACT THAT COVERS THESE SERVICES AND, IF SO, THE CONTRACT NUMBER. PROVIDE BUSINESS SIZE AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS. (a) Company name, Address, Point of Contact (POC) name, email address, and phone number (b) Indicate whether your business is large or small. (c) If small, indicate if your firm qualifies as a small, emerging business, or small disadvantaged business. (d) If disadvantaged, specify under which disadvantaged group and if your firm is certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act. (e) Indicate if your firm is a certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB). (f) Include the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number of your firm. (g) State whether your firm is registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at http://www.sam.gov and/or the VetCert Registry at Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov). If not, please NOTE that any future solicitation could only be awarded to a contractor who is registered in SAM, and to receive the award based on VOSB or SDVOSB status you must be registered in the VetCert Registry. (h) Provide current commercial pricing for all items listed in the attached salient characteristics and any applicable discounts. (i) Link to the respondent’s General Services Administration (GSA) schedule, or attached file of same, if applicable. (j) Capabilities Statement (k) Place of manufacturing (this includes leased equipment of where they are manufactured) (l) Authorized Distributorship letter issued from the manufacturer (if applicable) (m) Citation of any current or past customers (i.e., within the past two (2) years) to include contract number, point of contact telephone number, or e-mail address; and (n) Other material relevant to establishing core competencies of the firm. (o) Contractor shall include the terms and conditions of the warranty for all products listed in the attachment. The response is due no later than 3:00 PM Pacific Standard Time on Monday, April 06, 2026. Please submit e-mail responses to Victoria Torres, Contract Specialist, at victoria.torres@va.gov. Please place “Sources Sought VAPIHCS Flooring Materials Contract Vehicle” in the subject line of the email. Your response should include a Company POC, CAPABILITIES STATEMENT, GSA SCHEDULE INFORMATION, UEI#, BUSINESS SIZE, AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS information as explained above. This notice is to assist the VA in determining sources only. NOTES: Issuance of this notice does not constitute any obligation whatsoever on the part of the Government to procure these services, or to issue a solicitation, nor to notify respondents of the results of this notice. No solicitation documents exist at this time; however, in the event, that the acquisition strategy demonstrates that GSA is a viable option for procuring a solution, the RFQ shall be posted to GSA eBuy where only those firms who currently hold a GSA Schedule with the applicable SIN will be able to respond. The Department of Veterans Affairs is neither seeking quotes nor accepting unsolicited quotes, and responses to this notice cannot be accepted as offers. Any information the vendor considers proprietary should be marked as such. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this Sources Sought Notice. DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute asolicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solelyresponsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Victoria Torres
  - Email: victoria.torres@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/196ceba75d6046d9b377a55448d65150/view)