---
layout: default
title: Y1NZ--659-24-903 | Steam Line Replacement | Salisbury VAMC Salisbury, North Carolina
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 2ca2500ca517436eb288e4e062c80277
---

# Y1NZ--659-24-903 | Steam Line Replacement | Salisbury VAMC Salisbury, North Carolina

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 11:26:47.134-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24626B0016
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Steam Line Replacement Statement of Work (SOW) The Department of Veterans Affairs has a need to maintain the existing infrastructure of the facility, which includes the steam that supplies the facilities heating of spaces and items. The Veterans Affairs Medical Center is pursuing a project to replace the existing steam lines across the campus. Contractor shall completely prepare site for building operations, including demolition and removal of existing structures, and furnish labor and materials and perform work for Project 659-24-904: Salisbury Steam Line Replacement as required by drawings and specifications. Estimated construction duration is 365 days. Additionally, the contractor will provide one (1) year of construction warranty. The construction duration will remain at 365 days with the acceptance of bid items 1 and 2, as these items would be performed in conjunction with other construction. Civil EXISTING CONDITIONS Steam Distribution for the site is currently supplied by a steam line constructed back in 1989 which was to replace the older and now abandoned 1965 steam line. During the initial site visit during the hazmat survey of the 1989 (and later 1965) line s insulation materials, it was determined that a new line could be constructed along the pathway of the old 1965 steam line. The scope of work is to replace a portion of this steam line from buildings 10 to 18 (or Manholes 17B through 15), while keeping existing manholes 17B and 16A. DEMOLITION & TRENCH WORK Portions of the 1965 steam line will need to be abated and removed from the ground so that the new proposed steam line can be laid in place. This will require site prep, traffic control and trenching of the existing landscape, including demolition and replacement of concrete sidewalk panels. During demolition, any good in-situ soil shall be kept to reduce the amount of off-site fill required to fill in the trench. All existing utilities that are not a part of the scope that are encountered while excavating the trench shall be left alone and left in place. When encountering roadways, the path will be bored through and a 24-inch steel jacket (with supports for the steam line) will be installed so that the steam line can be brought through and connected to the other side. NEW WORK A new proposed steam line that connects manhole 17-B to manhole 15 shall be installed within the trench and bore hole provided during the demolition and trench work of the construction. Once the new steam line has been installed, tested, and commissioned, the trench will require backfilling back to existing grade. Additionally, the 1989 steam line will be decommissioned and abandoned in place at this time. Three (3) new manholes will be constructed along the path of the old 1965 steam. See the structural section for more details. Structural EXISTING MANHOLES There is one existing manhole that will be re-used as a part of the current redesign, MH-D (renamed MH-10B). There will be a new opening created for both condensate and steam piping in the existing walls. The new openings will need to be larger than the pipe penetration and squared with additional rebar reinforcement installed around the opening. After service has been transferred to the new steam line, the existing steam line will need to be removed and the existing holes repaired. When the manhole sides are exposed for pipe installation, new waterproofing should be provided prior to backfilling. Additionally, the existing rebar ladder rungs have become corroded and need to be removed and patched with a new rung ladder added. There are also (2) existing manholes that will be removed in their entirety (MH-C & MH-10A) and (2) existing manholes that will be replaced (MH-A & MH-B) as they are too small to accommodate the new piping required. EXISTING BUILDING CONNECTIONS New penetrations through the below grade walls to the Building 16 Laundry and Building 17 Facilities will be required for both condensate and steam piping. After service has been transferred to the new lines, the existing lines will need to removed and the existing holes repaired. Both Building 16 and 17 were part of the original construction of the campus, designed in 1949 by Walter, Hook & Associates (VA Project #2448). The foundation for Building 16 has a basement wall that extends to about 8 -0 below grade and is comprised of 12 thick concrete with #4 at 12 o.c. each way each face. The foundation for Building 17 does not have a basement and it is indicated that the wall extends at least 2 -0 below grade and is comprised of 12 ½ thick concrete with #4 at 14 o.c. each way each face. NEW MANHOLES There are (5) new manholes planned in the current redesign, MH-15A, MH-15B, MH-16A (previously MH-A), MH-17B (previously MH-B) and MH-17C. These manholes will be cast-in-place concrete and meet or exceed the requirements as indicated in the VA Concrete Steam Manhole with Typical Piping Detail (SD336300-01). The concrete walls, floors, and lid will be 12 thick concrete reinforced with #5 at 12 o.c. each face horizontal and vertical, except for lid reinforcing will be #5 at 10 o.c. Plumbing EXISTING CONDITIONS Condensate from the steam piping distribution and end-use equipment is currently returned to the boiler plant in Building 18 through the existing condensate return branches and main distribution piping. The existing condensate piping will be replaced with this project scope of work, so the temporary discharge of this condensate to the nearest sanitary connection at each location will need to be accommodated. TEMPORARY FACILITIES AND PHASING The existing condensate return piping will be maintained until the new condensate return piping is installed. Once the new condensate return main is installed, tested, and commissioned, the existing condensate return branch piping will need to be connected to this new condensate return main. During this construction period, the condensate generated from the existing steam main and end-use equipment shall be quenched and indirectly discharged to the nearest sanitary main. Once the new condensate return branch piping is installed, tested, and commissioned with the new main, these temporary condensate discharge connections shall be demolished. NEW WORK New indirect sanitary connections will be made at each branch connection to the existing condensate return main. The indirect connections will also incorporate a domestic cold water quench valve to temper the condensate discharge to 140°F before discharge into the sanitary main. These indirect sanitary connections shall be demolished once the new condensate return branch connections have been made with the new condensate return mains. Mechanical EXISTING CONDITIONS The 1965 Steam Distribution As-Built Drawings show 12 high-pressure steam and 6 condensate return piping routed to Manhole #17, where a branch of 2 steam and 1-1/2 condensate return piing serves the Utility Shops & Warehouse. The 12 steam and 6 condensate return piping then extends from Manhole #17 to Anchor A-4, where it branches off to serve the laundry facility with 5 steam and 3-1/2 condensate return piping. From Anchor A-4, 10 steam and 6 condensate return piping extends past Manhole #1 to Anchor A-7. From Anchor A-7, branch piping is distributed at 8 steam and 4 condensate return piping to serve Building 10. Another branch extends from Anchor A-7 at 3-1/4 steam and 1-1/4 condensate return piping to serve the Engineering facility. The 10 steam and 6 condensate return mains extend downstream of Anchor A-7 to serve the remainder of the campus. The 1989 Steam Distribution Model shows 10 steam and 6 condensate return piping from the boiler plant to Manhole A . A branch of 2 steam and 1-1/2 condensate return piping serves the Utility Shops & Warehouse. The mains continue at 10 steam and 6 condensate return piping from Manhole A to Manhole B . A branch of 4 steam and 2-1/2 condensate return piping serves the laundry facility. Downstream of Manhole B , 8 steam and 6 condensate return piping extends to Manhole C and Manhole D . From Manhole D , 4 steam and 5 condensate return piping is shown to serve Building 10. 1-1/2 steam and 1-1/4 condensate return piping also extends from Manhole 10A to serve the Engineering facility. The 8 steam and 6 condensate return mains extend downstream of Manhole D to serve the remainder of the campus. TEMPORARY FACILITIES AND PHASING This project will be phased to minimize the impact to operations at the Salisbury VA campus. It is preferable to maintain the existing piping trenches to avoid existing subsurface utilities along this portion of the campus and to reuse or replace the existing access manholes. Removing the abandoned steam and condensate return piping and replacing it with new piping would allow the boiler plant to maintain operation during this phase of demolition. New branch connections to the buildings served by the distribution loop shall be made to the new piping. A temporary plant outage will be required to accommodate these active connections. The manholes be replaced with manholes sized to accommodate the new work piping. The steam and condensate piping will include the installation of expansion loops to accommodate the thermal expansion/contraction of the new piping. NEW WORK The mechanical scope of this project is to replace the existing steam and condensate piping that runs between Buildings 10 and 18 at the Salisbury VA Medical Center in North Carolina. The existing steam line is experiencing leaks across its length from manhole D to manhole A . To maintain the existing steam and condensate piping in an operational status during construction, the project must be phased accordingly. The abandoned steam and condensate piping shall be removed, and the existing steam and condensate return will need to remain in operation until the new steam and condensate piping is installed. The new steam and condensate return piping, sized to accommodate the existing campus load and anticipated expansion capacity (10-15%), shall be installed in the abandoned trench location, to the maximum extent practical. New branch steam and condensate return connections will need to be made during a plant outage. The existing steam and condensate piping shall then be removed or abandoned in place once the new distribution mains and branch piping is operational. Based on the steam pipe sizing from the 1989 Steam Distribution Model, the existing piping is sized to accommodate approximately 55,000 lbs/hr (10 high-pressure steam main operating at 100 psig with a maximum velocity of 7,200 FPM). The supply main then reduces to 8 downstream of Manhole B , which can accommodate approximately 35,000 lbs/hr (8 high-pressure steam main operating at 100 psig with a maximum velocity of 7,200 FPM). The steam supply main remains sized at 8 beyond Manhole D , which marks the extent of the project scope of work. Although the scope of this project is limited to this section of steam and condensate piping originating near the plant, proper sizing of these new mains shall accommodate future expansion of the campus distribution loop. Environmental / Asbestos Abatement ASBESTOS VISUAL ASSESSMENT The survey began with visually observing accessible buried steam pipes, which includes approximately nine-hundred linear feet (900 LF) of underground steam pipes extending between Buildings 10 and 18 and identify homogeneous areas of suspect ACM for bulk sampling. A Homogeneous Area (HA) consists of building materials that appear similar throughout in terms of color, texture, and date of application. Building materials identified as concrete, glass, wood, masonry, metal, or rubber were not considered suspect ACM. Suspect materials located along the length of the steam pipes which were not accessible on the day of the survey, such as thermal system insulation (TSI), pipe mud, mastic, or other materials (i.e., overspray texturizers), should be sampled should they be encountered during renovation activities if the activities will disturb the materials or presumed to ACM and considered as asbestos waste if disturbed. ASBESTOS PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT A physical assessment of each HA of suspect ACM was conducted to assess the friability and physical condition of the accessible suspect materials. A friable material is defined by the EPA as a material which can be crumbled, pulverized, or reduced to powder by hand pressure when dry. Friability is assessed by physically touching suspect materials. ASBESTOS SAMPLE COLLECTION Based on results of the visual observation, bulk samples of suspect ACM were collected in general accordance with AHERA sampling protocols. Random samples of suspect materials were collected from each HA. The sample team member collected bulk samples using wet methods as applicable to reduce the potential for fiber release. Samples were placed in sealable containers and labeled with unique sample numbers using an indelible marker. ASBESTOS BULK SAMPLE ANALYSIS Bulk suspect asbestos samples were submitted under chain-of-custody to Crisp Analytical Laboratories, LLC of Carrollton, Texas for analysis by Phase Linear Microscopy (PLM) with dispersion staining techniques per EPA s Method for the Determination of Asbestos in Bulk Building Materials (600/RC-93- 116). The percentage of asbestos, where applicable, was determined by microscopy visual estimation. Crisp Analytical Laboratories, LLC is accredited under the National Voluntary Laboratory Accreditation Program (NVLAP Accreditation No. 200349-0) and licensed by the TDSHS (License Number 300235). Reports of laboratory analysis of all suspect asbestos samples that were collected and sample chain-of-custody documentation. Commissioning The Commissioning Services will be conducted in accordance with the Department of Veterans Affairs Whole Building Commissioning Process Manual. The project will consist of commissioning a steam pipe from Building 18 to Building 10 with the objective of verifying that all system elements are installed and operate per Contract Documents and Owner s Project Requirements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sean A Cosby
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Sean.Cosby@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2ca2500ca517436eb288e4e062c80277/view)