---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought For Brand Name Fire Alarm And Mass Notification Systems – Consolidated Vehicle Maintenance And Security Forces Operations Complexes At Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ba8f429c923e4b7285e10464a8705b60
---

# Sources Sought For Brand Name Fire Alarm And Mass Notification Systems – Consolidated Vehicle Maintenance And Security Forces Operations Complexes At Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-10 10:40:44.734-04
- Solicitation Number: W9128F26SM011

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT FOR BRAND NAME FIRE ALARM AND MASS NOTIFICATION SYSTEMS – CONSOLIDATED VEHICLE MAINTENANCE AND SECURITY FORCES OPERATIONS COMPLEXES AT MINOT AIR FORCE BASE, NORTH DAKOTA DISCLAIMER: This sources sought is for informational purposes only. This is not a request for proposal (RFP) requiring proposals to be submitted. It does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the government. Responses in any form are not offers and the government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. No funds are available to pay for preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this technical description is strictly voluntary. INTRODUCTION The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Omaha District (NWO), Contracting Office, is issuing this sources sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify potential sources having an interest and industry technologies available to support/provide fire alarm and mass notification systems including but not limited to alarms, notification, annunciation devices, control panels and devices, and central receiving systems. Fire Alarm Systems are required for two (2) military construction (MILCON) projects supporting the Sentinel Program at Minot Air Force Base (MAFB), North Dakota (ND). These projects vary in scope, magnitude, and complexity, but both require installation of fire alarm and mass notification systems to include fire alarm control panels, accessory devices, components, and transceivers. These systems are required to ensure the highest order of compatibility of components between facilities are being established as part of the Sentinel Program at MAFB. These systems will be installed as integral components of the larger facility construction projects. Facilities will be designed as permanent construction in accordance with the DoD Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) 1-200-01, General Building Requirements and UFC 1-200-02, High Performance and Sustainable Building Requirements. The facilities will be compatible with applicable DoD, Air Force, and base design standards. In addition, local materials and construction techniques shall be used where cost effective. These projects will comply with DoD antiterrorism/force protection requirements per the applicable UFCs. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES NWO received the mission to design and construct/or renovate multiple facilities at MAFB in support of the Sentinel Program. As part of the design and construction effort, new fire alarm and mass notification systems will be installed to support the operation of various facilities, and the Air Force has standardized the use of Monaco equipment at MAFB. The Government will not purchase these items directly, but will require the following construction contracts to provide and install the equipment listed below: PROJECT: Consolidated Vehicle Maintenance Complex TYPE: MILCON MAGNITUDE: $100M - $200M ITEM: Fire Alarm & Mass Notification System MAKE: Monaco ESTIMATED AMOUNT: $20K – 100K PROJECT: Security Forces Operations Complex TYPE: MILCON MAGNITUDE: $100M - $200M ITEM: Fire Alarm & Mass Notification System MAKE: Monaco ESTIMATED AMOUNT: $15K – 75K The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement. Based on the responses to this sources sought notice, this requirement may include specifications regarding the fire alarm control panels, or, if justified by market research a brand name Justification and Approval (J&A). USACE intends to issue one design-bid-build construction contract per project listed above. The solicitation of each project is anticipated to be full and open competition; however, market research of each project is ongoing at this time. NOTE: The Air Force has an approved Class J&A for Facility Fire Alarm Replacement Standardization. A copy of that class J&A is attached. This sources sought is being performed as part of supplementary market research conducted by the Army to support the specific projects listed above. Non-Developmental Item. The fire and mass notification systems shall be a non-developmental item to the maximum extent possible. Given the high percentage of Monaco fire alarm systems currently at MAFB, technicians have significantly more experience and familiarization working with this brand name of equipment versus other manufacturers. Due to proprietary rights technicians cannot work on other equipment causing the Civil Engineering (CE) Squadron to hire outside agencies to repair inoperable systems at an additional cost to the organization. MAFB has the necessary training, equipment, and software to repair Monaco brand fire alarm and mass notification systems with 24-hour customer service support. The base centralized D-21 system at the fire dispatch is Monaco. MAFB is going to a full point to point reporting system which will pinpoint the specific location if a fire occurs in a building. This will notify firefighters what approach to take for execution saving time and money. Qualifications. The fire and mass notification systems must be qualified and demonstrate compliance with the Air Force compliance requirements. This includes but is not limited to compatibility with fire alarms, mass notification, annunciation devices, control panels and devices (addressable and conventional), and central receiving systems. Proof of qualification should be addressed in the sources sought response. Maintenance, Inspection and Repair. The Government desires a system with minimal maintenance and inspection requirements at the organizational level. The system should also be easily repairable for deployed units without proprietary and/or non-developmental components. Interested vendors should provide information on product warranties, repair technicians’ availability, and repair response times for their products. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Any resulting contract shall be compliant with the specialty metals restriction of the Berry Amendment (10 U.S.C. 2533a and 2533b) in accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation (RFO) Overhaul Part 25, Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) Part 225, Clauses 252.225-7008 and 252.225-7009. ELIGIBILITY The anticipated NAICS code for each construction project is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, with a Small Business Size Standard of $45M. The Product Service Code (PSC) is Y1JZ – Construction of Other Miscellaneous Buildings. Note the fire alarm and mass notification system will be included in each construction solicitation with the NAICS code and PSC listed above. The applicable NAICS code in responses to this Sources Sought for fire alarm and mass notification systems is 334290, Other Communications Equipment Manufacturing with a Small Business Size Standard of 800 employees. The PSC for fire alarm and mass notification systems is 6350 - Miscellaneous Alarm, Signal, and Security Detection Systems. SUBMISSION DETAILS Interested businesses should submit a brief capabilities statement package (no more than ten

8.5 X 11-inch pages, font no smaller than 10 point) demonstrating ability to provide the products/systems listed in this Technical Description. Documentation should be in bullet format. No phone or email solicitations with regards to the status of the RFP will be accepted prior to its release. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, Ariel Vogan in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email Ariel.E.Vogan@usace.army.mil no later than 2:00 p.m. Central Time on 25 March 2026 and reference this synopsis number in subject line of e-mail and on all enclosed documents. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. If your organization has the potential capacity to provide the required products/systems, please provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, primary points of contact (POCs) and their email address, website address, telephone number, and type of ownership for the organization; and 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the requirements of this notice, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ariel Vogan
  - Email: ariel.e.vogan@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ba8f429c923e4b7285e10464a8705b60/view)