# Smithville Lake Janitorial Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 13:53:42.274-05
- Solicitation Number: W912DQ26QA042

## Summary

SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services. This announcement constitutes only the solicitation, quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number for this acquisition is W912DQ26QA042 and it is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). The Due Date for the receipt of quotes is listed in Block 8 of the SF 1449. Offers shall be submitted in PDF via e-mail to Nathaniel.J.Leyba@usace.army.mil. All quotes must be good for at least 60 days from the quote due date. If you have any questions, please contact Nathaniel Leyba, Nathaniel.J.Leyba@usace.army.mil, 816-389-2281. The solicitation documents and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06. This RFQ shall be set aside for small businesses and the associated North American Industry Classification system (NAICS) code is 561720 - Janitorial Services, Small Business size standard is: $22,000,000.00. The Product/Service Code: S201 - Housekeeping - Custodial Janitorial. Place of Contract Performance: Smithville Lake Project, 16311 County Rd DD Smithville, MO 64089. Description of Services Required: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Kansas City District has a need for Janitorial, trash and litter collection services at the Smithville Lake Project in the Operations Division of the Kansas City District. The contractors shall perform all services in accordance with the Performance Work Statements (PWS). The Contractor shall comply with all Federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, statutes, and regulations pertaining to the provided services. FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerers- Commercial does apply to this acquisition with no addenda to the provision. FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Edited does apply to this acquisition with no addenda to the provision. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, does apply to this acquisition with no addenda to the provision. Interested vendors must go to SAM.gov to register and to review current notices or announcements. Contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements via the Internet at https://sam.gov/ or by calling (866) 606-8220. The System for Award Management (SAM) is a Federal Government owned and operated free web site. If you are a small business needing assistance with registering or help with navigating through the website you may contact the Association for Procurement Technical Assistance Centers for help with actions such as SAM.gov registration. If you have questions about Government procurements in general or need assistance in the preparation of your proposal, a local APEX Accelerator (formerly Procurement Technical Assistance Center (PTAC)) may be able to help. The Procurement Technical Assistance Program was authorized by Congress in 1985 in an effort to expand the number of businesses capable of participating in the Government marketplace. To locate a PTAC near you, go to http://www.aptac-us.org/samregistration/.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c13f3737fa8842e9805398d471c6d520/view