---
layout: default
title: GAOA Lake Winfield Scott Campground (GA)
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 6cd06099cfdd4bb49402cadc37a69665
---

# GAOA Lake Winfield Scott Campground (GA)

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 20:14:52.651-04
- Solicitation Number: 12445226Q0003

## Summary

3/19/26 Amendment 3 to include additional questions/answers (see attachment - Amend3 LWS Campground Recon) received by the due date/time and extend the bid due date from 3/23/26 to 3/27/26 at 5pm EST. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- 3/12/26 Updated Attachment A3 - Rev SOI LWS Mar2026 for: Base Bid Item 7 – Sanitary Sewer: “Construct Access Road” line item removed, duplicate. Broken out in Item 8 – Service Road Construction in the last version. Option Bid Item 2 (Entrance/ Dump Station): “Survey Staking” & “Soil Erosion Control and Site Stabilization” removed, duplicate and in Base Bid, “Clearing and Grubbing” removed, not necessary. Option Bid Item 3 (Guard Shack): “Clearing and Grubbing” removed, not necessary. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 3/10/26 Updated Attached A5 - rev LWS Architectural Set as printing was reduced to 8 1/2 x 11. New revised A5 in Attachments for printing 24x36. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 3/7/26 An incorrect Attachment A1 - rev2 RFQ T & C was inadvertantly uploaded at the time of Amendment 0002. The correct A1 - rev2 RFQ T & C has been uploaded. Amendment 0002 - Amendment 0002 includes a revised A2- SOW, revised A3- SOI, revised A1- Term & Conditions, extend quote due date and update evaluation and submittal process. Quote due date has changed to 3/23/26 by 5pm EST. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ **Amendment 0002 is currently being worked to answer all questions received by the due date and time. The bid due date has extended from 3/11/26 to 3/23/26. More to come in the next few days. Thank you for your interest in ths project** ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0001 - Amendment 0001 to update site visit date, Question & Answer date, and RFQ proposal due date. Also updated A1 - rev RFQ Terms and Conditions 12445226Q0003. Description - This project is intended to replace existing infrastructure that is obsolete and beyond its usable life. If left in place, deferred maintenance costs will continue to increase and further damage will occur. The following areas shall be addressed as part of the scope of work: Replacing existing north loop bathhouse, updating the water and sewer systems, soil erosion control/site stabilization, survey staking and pavement repairs. *Optional items to be addressed if possible: replacing existing south loop bathhouse, repairs/renovations to guard shack and replacement of entrance/dump station. Refer to schedule of items (A3 – SOI) for further details. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 12445226Q0003 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for GAOA Lake Winfield Scott Campground Construction located at the Blue Ridge Ranger District in Blairsville, GA. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 236220 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction The small business size standard is $45M This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. FAR

36.204 Magnitude of Construction Project - Between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000. A SF1442 will be provided to the awardee for signature. A bid guarantee is required Site Visit: There will be a site visit on Wednesday, 2/11/26 at 10am EST located at the Blue Ridge Ranger District Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forests 439 Lake Winfield Scott Rd Suches, GA 30572 (Coordinates: 34.732393, -83.976512). **Offerors are highly encouraged to attend the site visit. Please submit your RSVP via email to penny.zortman@usda.gov and Jalisa.sims@usda.gov no later than Tuesday, 2/10/26 by 1pm EST. Questions Questions shall be submitted via email to penny.zortman@usda.gov and Jalisa.sims@usda.gov due no later than Friday, 2/13/26 by 1:00 PM Eastern Time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number (EX: 12445226Q0003 GAOA Lake Winfield Scott) as the subject line of the email. ----------------------------------------------------- January 23,2026 Due to the inclement weather, the site visit on January 28, 2026 is postponed. Continue to monitor the description section for new site visit details. Also, the deadline for questions and quotes will be extended via solicitation amendment. _________________________________________________________________________________________________ Project: GAOA Lake Winfield Scott Campground Construction located at Blue Ridge Ranger District Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forests 439 Lake Winfield Scott Rd Suches, GA 30572. Site Visit: Wednesday, 1/28/26 at 10am EST, located at the Blue Ridge Ranger District, 439 Lake Winfield Scott Rd Suches, GA 30572 (Coordinates: 34.732393, -83.976512) ****Bridge construction is ongoing on SR-180 at Slaughter Creek. The roadway is reduced to a single lane with automated traffic signals. Plan accordingly**** RFI's/Questions: Due Friday, 1/30/26 by 1pm EST via email.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Penny Zortman
  - Email: penny.Zortman@usda.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: SIMS, JALISA C
  - Email: jalisa.sims@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Rev SOI LWS Mar2026 for: Base Bid Item 7 – Sanitary Sewer: “Construct Access Road” line item removed, duplicate. Broken out in Item 8 – Service Road Construction in the last version. Option Bid Item 2 (Entrance/ Dump Station): “Survey Staking” & “Soil Erosion Control and Site Stabilization” removed, duplicate and in Base Bid, “Clearing and Grubbing” removed, not necessary. Option Bid Item 3 (Guard Shack): “Clearing and Grubbing” removed, not necessary. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 3/10/26 Updated Attached A5 - rev LWS Architectural Set as printing was reduced to 8 1/2 x 11. New revised A5 in Attachments for printing 24x36. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 3/7/26 An incorrect Attachment A1 - rev2 RFQ T & C was inadvertantly uploaded at the time of Amendment 0002. The correct A1 - rev2 RFQ T & C has been uploaded. Amendment 0002 - Amendment 0002 includes a revised A2- SOW, revised A3- SOI, revised A1- Term & Conditions, extend quote due date and update evaluation and submittal process. Quote due date has changed to 3/23/26 by 5pm EST. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ **Amendment 0002 is currently being worked to answer all questions received by the due date and time. The bid due date has extended from 3/11/26 to 3/23/26. More to come in the next few days. Thank you for your interest in ths project** ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Amendment 0001 - Amendment 0001 to update site visit date, Question & Answer date, and RFQ proposal due date. Also updated A1 - rev RFQ Terms and Conditions 12445226Q0003. Description - This project is intended to replace existing infrastructure that is obsolete and beyond its usable life. If left in place, deferred maintenance costs will continue to increase and further damage will occur. The following areas shall be addressed as part of the scope of work: Replacing existing north loop bathhouse, updating the water and sewer systems, soil erosion control/site stabilization, survey staking and pavement repairs. *Optional items to be addressed if possible: replacing existing south loop bathhouse, repairs/renovations to guard shack and replacement of entrance/dump station. Refer to schedule of items (A3 – SOI) for further details. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 12445226Q0003 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for GAOA Lake Winfield Scott Campground Construction located at the Blue Ridge Ranger District in Blairsville, GA. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 236220 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction The small business size standard is $45M This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. FAR

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6cd06099cfdd4bb49402cadc37a69665/view)