---
layout: default
title: CUP Preventative Maintenance and Repair, NIST, Boulder, CO
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0289cc3769c543a099dde62c3ad32dfc
---

# CUP Preventative Maintenance and Repair, NIST, Boulder, CO

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 12:23:01.302-04
- Solicitation Number: NB194000-26-00176

## Summary

SEE ATTACHMENTS AND RESPOND WITH REQUESTED INFORMATION IN THE RESPONSE! If the response does not include all requested information we cannot consider it responsive to this sources sought and may get excluded from the results. Operations and Maintenance (O&M) of the Central Utility Plant (CUP) at the NIST Boulder Campus SOURCES SOUGHT Original Set Aside: N/A Set Aside: N/A Classification Code: J -- Maintenance, repair & rebuilding of equipment NAICS Code: 811 -- Repair and Maintenance/811310 -- Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance Synopsis: ***PLEASE OPEN ATTACHMENTS FOR COMPLETE SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT INFORMATION*** In accordance with (IAW) FAR 15.201(c)(3) this is a SOURCES SOUGHT FOR MARKET RESEARCH. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS OR BIDS. This announcement constitutes a Sources Sought (market survey). This notice is a request for information to provide data for planning purposes only and does not constitute an Invitation for Bids, a Request for Proposals, a Solicitation, a Request for Quotes, or an indication the Government will contract for the services contained in this Sources Sought. A solicitation is not currently available. This Sources Sought is a market research tool used by the acquisition team to determine potential and eligible businesses that have the capability and interest in providing the required commercial services described herein, prior to determining the method of acquisition. This also serves as a Request for Comments on the draft performance work statement (PWS) for the planned project. The U.S. Department of Commerce, National Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST), Acquisition Management Division (AMD), Team E-Boulder seeks information from PRIME CONTRACTORS that are capable and interested in performing the work on a commercial service contract at the NIST Boulder, Colorado Campus Site. This request is not to be construed as a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. The Government does not reimburse respondents for any cost associated with this source sought or reimburse expenses incurred to interested parties for preparing a response as a result of this posting. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information or comments received from potential sources as a result of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments announcement. Any responses received will not be used as a proposal. Respondents will not be notified of the Sources Sought evaluation results, nor will questions be addressed by the Government. The results of this Sources Sought will be utilized to assess the amount of interest and capability in the current market, and to determine if any Small Business Set-aside opportunities exist for this potential requirement. All Small Business Set-aside categories will be considered. This market research tool will be used to identify potential and eligible service contractors, of all sizes, prior to determining the method of acquisition and level of announcement for issuance of a solicitation. The Request for Comments portion of this Sources Sought provides contractors the opportunity to make any comments, including recommendations, regarding the draft PWS for the potential project. Comments will be used for consideration in the development of the PWS. The Government will not provide responses to any questions or Requests for Information regarding this project as a part of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments. Project Description: NIST is soliciting for capability statements from all interested parties to perform as a Contractor for the Operation and Maintenance of Central Utility Plant, which includes preventative maintenance of all associated equipment, for the NIST Boulder, Colorado Campus. This also includes performing preventative and scheduled maintenance activities at the field sites in Ft. Collins, Colorado, and Kekaha, Hawaii. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for the proposed acquisition is 811310, Commercial and Institutional Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance, and the Small Business size standard is $12.5 million. Planned acquisition type: Commercial Services, Firm-Fixed-Price Contract. The acquisition is planned to be performed in accordance with FAR PART 12 Acquisition Commercial Items and FAR PART 15 Contracting by Negotiation. See the following attachments: DRAFT Performance Work Statement, 20 May 2021, “00 CUP PWS 2021-05-20.pdf” PWS Attachment 1 – Mechanical Room and Preventative Maintenance (MR_PM), “01 Mechanical Room and PM List 4-12-2023.pdf” PWS Attachment 2 – Spare Parts Inventory, “02 Spare Parts Inventory.pdf” PWS Attachment 3 – Monthly Report, “03 CUP Monthly Report.pdf” PWS Attachment 5 – Job Plans Revised, “05 PWS Attach 5 Job Plans 4-12-23.pdf” PWS Attachment 6 – Daily Report, “06 Daily Report.pdf” PWS Attachment 8 – NIST General Instructions, “08 NIST General Requirements.pdf” PWS Attachment 9 – NIST Safety Plan Requirements Checklist, “09 Safety Plan Checklist.pdf” PWS Attachment 10 – Primer on Safety Plan Require/Addendums COVID-19, “10 Primer on Safety Plan Requirements Addendums for COVID19.pdf” PWS Attachment 11 – Emergency Generators, “11 Emergency Generator Information.pdf” PWS Attachment 12 – Lighting Summary WWVh Field Site Kekaha, HI, “12 WWVH lighting summary.pdf” PWS Attachment 13 – Contract Transition Requirements, “13 Transition 11 Sep.pdf” Comment Log for Draft PWS. Sources Sought: Interested and capable PRIME CONTRACTORS are requested to electronically submit a Capabilities Statement of no more than twenty (20) pages in length inclusive of the following information: Company name and address. The name, position title, telephone number and email address of a company point of contact (POC). UEI/CAGE code registered in the system for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov. Indicate whether your company is a large business or a small business under the NAICS code specified in this announcement. Company Profile description. Statement of Capability stating your company's skills, experience knowledge and equipment to perform the type of work identified in the PWS. This should include documentation of past specialized experience and technical competence in performing similar projects, up to five (5) recent and relevant past projects for which your company was the prime contractor. For the purposes of the Sources Sought, "similar" is defined as a high-pressure steam plant with the output capacity of at least 100 thousand pounds per hour of steam at a minimum of 100 psi, and a chilled water plant utilizing multiple chillers of at least 1200 tons in size. In addition to the above, simi lar projects may include conducting preventative maintenance for commercial building equipment such as air handlers, roof top packaged HVAC (natural gas heating and DX cooling), small, packaged boilers (1,500,000 to 2,500,000 BTU's), small (25 -50 ton) chillers, cooling towers, pumps, heat exchangers, and exhaust fans. Recent experience is experience performed within the last five (5) years. For each project experience, identify the following: Did your company perform as a prime or sub-contractor? Description of the work performed by your company. Identify /describe the work types (i.e. steam plant, chilled water plant, preventative maintenance for commercial building equipment, etc.) Approximately what dollar amount and percentage, and what types of work d id your company perform directly? What percentage and types of work did your company sub-contract out? Provide a contract number, the customer organization Government/Agency or private firm), a POC, and a current telephone number and email address for the customer POC. Can your company provide the services as a PRIME contractor? Would your company provide the services per the Draft PWS as a part of a Joint Venture, Partnership, Mentor/Protégé or other legal arrangement? If so, please identify the legal arrangement. Would your company sub-contract work in the performance of the PWS? If so, what percentage of work would your company perform as a Prime Contractor? Any other relevant information that is not listed above which the Government may consider in developing the service requirement and market research. Company sales brochures or marketing packages will NOT be considered. Request for Comments: All comments provided in response to the Sources Sought shall be submitted electronically on the attached Request for Comments sheet. Comments will be used for consideration in the development of the PWS. The Government will not provide responses to any questions, Requests for Information, regarding this project as a part of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments. Submittal Instructions: All responses to this Sources Sought shall be submitted via email by the required Response Date to Primary Point of Contact with a courtesy copy to the Alternate Point of Contact in this announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shawn Borisow
  - Email: shawn.borisow@nist.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Julie Morris
  - Email: julie.morris@nist.gov
  - Phone: 3034976504

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Mechanical Room and Preventative Maintenance (MR_PM), “01 Mechanical Room and PM List 4-12-2023.pdf” PWS Attachment 2 – Spare Parts Inventory, “02 Spare Parts Inventory.pdf” PWS Attachment 3 – Monthly Report, “03 CUP Monthly Report.pdf” PWS Attachment 5 – Job Plans Revised, “05 PWS Attach 5 Job Plans 4-12-23.pdf” PWS Attachment 6 – Daily Report, “06 Daily Report.pdf” PWS Attachment 8 – NIST General Instructions, “08 NIST General Requirements.pdf” PWS Attachment 9 – NIST Safety Plan Requirements Checklist, “09 Safety Plan Checklist.pdf” PWS Attachment 10 – Primer on Safety Plan Require/Addendums COVID-19, “10 Primer on Safety Plan Requirements Addendums for COVID19.pdf” PWS Attachment 11 – Emergency Generators, “11 Emergency Generator Information.pdf” PWS Attachment 12 – Lighting Summary WWVh Field Site Kekaha, HI, “12 WWVH lighting summary.pdf” PWS Attachment 13 – Contract Transition Requirements, “13 Transition 11 Sep.pdf” Comment Log for Draft PWS. Sources Sought: Interested and capable PRIME CONTRACTORS are requested to electronically submit a Capabilities Statement of no more than twenty (20) pages in length inclusive of the following information: Company name and address. The name, position title, telephone number and email address of a company point of contact (POC). UEI/CAGE code registered in the system for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov. Indicate whether your company is a large business or a small business under the NAICS code specified in this announcement. Company Profile description. Statement of Capability stating your company"s skills, experience knowledge and equipment to perform the type of work identified in the PWS. This should include documentation of past specialized experience and technical competence in performing similar projects, up to five (5) recent and relevant past projects for which your company was the prime contractor. For the purposes of the Sources Sought, "similar" is defined as a high-pressure steam plant with the output capacity of at least 100 thousand pounds per hour of steam at a minimum of 100 psi, and a chilled water plant utilizing multiple chillers of at least 1200 tons in size. In addition to the above, simi lar projects may include conducting preventative maintenance for commercial building equipment such as air handlers, roof top packaged HVAC (natural gas heating and DX cooling), small, packaged boilers (1,500,000 to 2,500,000 BTU"s), small (25 -50 ton) chillers, cooling towers, pumps, heat exchangers, and exhaust fans. Recent experience is experience performed within the last five (5) years. For each project experience, identify the following: Did your company perform as a prime or sub-contractor? Description of the work performed by your company. Identify /describe the work types (i.e. steam plant, chilled water plant, preventative maintenance for commercial building equipment, etc.) Approximately what dollar amount and percentage, and what types of work d id your company perform directly? What percentage and types of work did your company sub-contract out? Provide a contract number, the customer organization Government/Agency or private firm), a POC, and a current telephone number and email address for the customer POC. Can your company provide the services as a PRIME contractor? Would your company provide the services per the Draft PWS as a part of a Joint Venture, Partnership, Mentor/Protégé or other legal arrangement? If so, please identify the legal arrangement. Would your company sub-contract work in the performance of the PWS? If so, what percentage of work would your company perform as a Prime Contractor? Any other relevant information that is not listed above which the Government may consider in developing the service requirement and market research. Company sales brochures or marketing packages will NOT be considered. Request for Comments: All comments provided in response to the Sources Sought shall be submitted electronically on the attached Request for Comments sheet. Comments will be used for consideration in the development of the PWS. The Government will not provide responses to any questions, Requests for Information, regarding this project as a part of this Sources Sought and Request for Comments. Submittal Instructions: All responses to this Sources Sought shall be submitted via email by the required Response Date to Primary Point of Contact with a courtesy copy to the Alternate Point of Contact in this announcement

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0289cc3769c543a099dde62c3ad32dfc/view)