---
layout: default
title: 6540--Multicolor Scan Laser Photocoagulator - New Requirement -
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: bf6ee6c4f5d54b2bb0b498a73146f88b
---

# 6540--Multicolor Scan Laser Photocoagulator - New Requirement -

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 16:47:24.459-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426Q0383
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 7 of 7 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 7 Statement of Need Multicolor Scan Laser Photocoagulator Background: The Lebanon VA Medical Center (LVAMC) has a requirement for one (1) Multicolor Scan Laser Photocoagulator and its accessories. Scope of Work: The multicolor scan laser photocoagulator provides a variety of laser treatments including pan retinal photocoagulation for diabetic retinopathy and laser iridotomy for glaucoma with a scan slit lamp delivery unit. Required Features: 532 nm (green) wavelength for treating retinal pathology 577 nm (yellow) laser 647 nm (red) wavelength this wavelength is used for photocoagulation of deep choroidal pathology Allows the selection of one, two, or three wavelengths, among green, yellow, and red. Will allow selection of the necessary color or combination of colors. 22 preprogrammed scan patterns to allow treatment of varying retinal pathologies. Will allow automated positioning of the scan pattern to the next region to undergo photocoagulation. Will include attachable models that incorporate SOLIC (Safety Impacts with Low Impact on Cornea). The scan spot size will continuously be variable from 100 to 500 µm 50 to 500 µm in single mode. Must provide momentary increase followed by a plateau and an immediate decrease to provide rapid and high-power laser emission on the scan patterns. Main Body Specifications: Laser type: Solid state laser, Diode laser Wavelength: Green: 532 nm Yellow: 577 nm Red: 647 nm Power output: Green: 50 to 1,700 mW 1 Yellow: 50 to 1,500 mW Red: 50 to 800 mW 2 Output type: Continuous wave Emission time: 0.01 to 1.00 s, 2.00 s, 3.00 s*3 Interval time: 0.05 to 1.00 s*4 Aiming beam: Red diode, 670 nm, max. 0.6 mW Cooling system: Air cooling Power supply: 115/230 V AC, 50/60 Hz Power consumption: 400VA Dimensions/Mass: 300 (VI/) x 480 (D) x 670 (H) mm / 35 kg 11.8 (VI/) x 18.9 (D) x 26.4 (H)" /77.1 lbs Scan I Single Delivery Unit Specifications Spot size: 50 to 1,000 µm (slit lamp & attachable deliveries) Emission pattern: Single Type: Slit lamp delivery unit Attachable delivery unit Dimensions/Mass: slit lamp delivery with table Delivery: Delivery shall be within thirty (30) days from the time of award. The Multicolor Scan Laser Photocoagulator shall be delivered to the Lebanon VAMC located at 1700 S. Lincoln Ave., Lebanon, PA 17042; Attn; Warehouse, Biomed will conduct their inspection before delivery to the Optometry Clinic. REQUEST FOR INFORMATION INSTRUCTIONS: It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the required specifications mentioned above. Responses to this RFI should include company name, address, point of contact, phone number, and point of contact e-mail, UEI Number, Cage Code, size of business pursuant to North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) 339113 (size standard of 800 employees). Please answer the following questions: Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? If not, can you provide additional information shown below. This is to confirm compliance with the non-manufacturer rule IAW 13 CFR 121.406(b) Nonmanufacturers. Does your company exceed 500 employees; Primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of item being supplied; Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice; Obtained an individual or class waiver? If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? Must have an authorized distributor letter from the original equipment manufacture. If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work and completion of job. Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. If you are an FSS GSA/NAC contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. Please submit your capabilities in regard to the salient characteristics detailed above and any information pertaining to equal to items to establish capabilities for planning purposes? Please review salient characteristics/statement of work (if applicable) and provide feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. Please provide your UEI number. This RFI will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received via e-mail to andrew.taylor3@va.gov no later than, 4:00 PM Eastern Time (ET) on March 31, 2026. This notice will help the VA in determining available potential sources only. Do not contact VA Medical Center staff regarding this requirement, as they are not authorized to discuss this matter related to this procurement action. All questions will be addressed by the Contracting Officer, Andrew Taylor. Questions or responses will include the Source Sought number 36C24526Q0383 in the subject line. All firms responding to this Request for Information are advised that their response is not a request for proposal, therefore will not be considered for a contract award. Any interested business concern must submit a capability statement addressing its ability to meet the requirements listed above to capability statement shall include a statement regarding how the business concern is engaged in wholesale trade and normally sells the item being supplied and how the business concern will take ownership of the items being delivered. Vendors shall also provide certification, evidence that they are an authorized distributor of the Original Equipment Manufacturer. If a solicitation is issued, information will be posted on the SAM web site for all qualified interested parties at a later date and interested parties must respond to the solicitation to be considered for award. This notice does not commit the government to contract for any supplies or services. The government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Request for Information. Information will only be accepted in writing by e-mail to Contracting Officer at andrew.taylor3@va.gov include 36C24426Q0383 in the subject line. DISCLAIMER This RFI Notice of Intent is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. End of Document End of Document

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrew Taylor
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: andrew.taylor3@va.gov
  - Phone: 724-679-2327

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bf6ee6c4f5d54b2bb0b498a73146f88b/view)