---
layout: default
title: 6515--Korebalance Premier 22 System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 23c03ce3009a491ca4812000c7405e12
---

# 6515--Korebalance Premier 22 System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 15:25:27.769-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426I0389
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE This is not a solicitation but rather a Request for Information (RFI/Sources Sought) for market research purposes only. Veterans Health Affairs, Network Contracting Office 4, is issuing this Source Sought in order to identify capable firms and obtain information for planning purposes only. Veterans Health Affairs, Network Contracting Office 4, is issuing this Sources Sought in order to identify capable firms for Korebalance Premier 22 System for a VISN 4 VAMC. **Responses shall be submitted by 10:00 AM EDT on March 17th, 2026** Responses shall be submitted via email to amanda.saunders@va.gov and Adriane.Perretti@va.gov Subject Line must read: 36C24426I0389 Korebalance Premier 22 System | (Company Name) All Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) and Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) firms that respond shall include proof of their Vets First Verification via Home Â Â· VetBiz Portal (va.gov). All small business firms that respond shall include proof of small business status via their Representations and Certifications in accordance with Policy. While SDVOSB/VOSB contractors are preferred, all capable contractors are welcome to respond to this source sought notice for market research purposes. All respondents shall include as part of their response a brief capability statement that covers the information in the following tentative statement of work, as well as answers to the below questions. All respondents shall be registered and active in SAM.gov | Home. The purpose of this source sought is to illicit feedback from industry on our intended procurement approach. The results of this market research will assist in the development of (1) the requirement, and (2) the acquisition approach (e.g., socioeconomic set-aside, full and open competition, etc.). VA assumes no responsibility for any costs incurred associated with the preparation of responses. Suggested NAICS: 339112 (Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing) Suggested PSC: 6515 (Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies) Open to suggestions from industry as to a more proper NAICS and/or PSC, as well as any potential GSA/FSS Schedule SIN categories. In addition to the information requested above, please include answers to the below questions as part of your response to this Sources Sought: 1. Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services under the same or related NAICS codes. 2. Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services that are registered under the same or a related NAICS code with the Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE); Provide the certification type (SDVOSB/VOSB), Federal Identification Number, and state of incorporation for each. 3. Do you plan on responding to a solicitation for this requirement with a Joint Venture utilizing multiple owned companies as majority or non-majority owner?Â Yes ___No ___Â If yes, please identify which companies are considering a Joint Venture and the ownership of each company. Are the items domestic end products (manufactured in the United States)? As stated in FAR 52.225-1 Buy American SUPPLIES Intended Procurement Approach Statement of Need A. INTRODUCTION This contract is for the purchase, delivery, assembly, and installation of one brand name or equal KoreBalance Premiere 22 system. B. BACKGROUND New construction is currently underway on the Michael A. Marzano Department of Veterans Affairs Community Based Outpatient Clinic (CBOC), located at 1505 North Hermitage Road; Hermitage, PA 16148. This CBOC will provide outpatient primary care, physical therapy, chiropractic care, behavioral health, laboratory services, and more to Veterans residing in Western Pennsylvania. One (1) brand name or equal KoreBalance Premiere 22 system will enable the physical therapist to perform static and dynamic balance evaluations, fall risk screenings, and subsequently develop treatment plans designed to reduce fall risk and increase patient safety and independence. Work Requirements: A. The Vendor will provide delivery of a. One (1) brand name or equal KoreBalance Premiere 22 system, product KB01-22 b. Complete system with interactive technology to allow for high-tech balance assessment and training c. Large, stable stepping platform with step-up height for ease of access and safe mount and dismount d. Platform with 360-degree horizontal and 20-degree vertical range of movement e. Individually adjustable safety rails that are made of 2 hardened steel, to allow users with different heights and physical ability to maintain safety f. Exercise band attachment points g. Patient weight capacity of 500 lbs. h. Large flat-panel LCD touchscreen and computer loaded with software programs to allow clinicians to make accurate and objective balance assessments i. Include standardized balance tests to include Rombert, the mCTSIB, and Limits of Stability Tests j. Ability to perform both static and dynamic tests k. Interactive 3-D training programs and games l. 16 variable stability settings utilizing a pneumatic pressure system to adjust for varying balance abilities m. Engages all three (3) peripheral balance systems (vestibular, vision, and proprioception) n. Patient safety support belt o. User s Manual p. Minimum 1-Year Commercial Warranty B. The Vendor will provide white glove delivery, completing assembly and installation on site by personnel certified by the manufacturer to provide the necessary testing and commissioning of the system. All accessories will be accounted for and tested to ensure error-free functionality at the time of installation. C. The Vendor will provide basic product demonstration and testing of the system to ensure proper connection and functionality. D. The Vendor will adhere to the job site requirements listed below: a. All personnel to adhere to site safety requirements PPE at a minimum to include hard hats safety glasses, high-visibility clothing, hard-soled shoes. b. All personnel subject to a 30-minute site safety orientation conducted by General Contractor (GC). c. Vendor responsible for unloading, handling, and unpacking; clean up to dumpster provided by GC. DELIVERY The vendor will provide delivery between the dates of October 20, 2025, and October 31, 2025. Normal business hours for acceptance of deliveries are 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Holidays. Deliveries must be coordinated in advance with the COR once a ship date is established. All items included in the requirement shall be shipped and delivered to the site at the same time. The packing slip must include the VA-issued purchase order number. C. Delivery Address: Mercer CBOC 1505 North Hermitage Road Hermitage, PA 16148

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amanda.Saunders@va.gov
  - Title: Amanda Saunders
  - Email: amanda.saunders@va.gov
  - Phone: (412) 822-3731

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: g. Patient weight capacity of 500 lbs. h. Large flat-panel LCD touchscreen and computer loaded with software programs to allow clinicians to make accurate and objective balance assessments i. Include standardized balance tests to include Rombert, the mCTSIB, and Limits of Stability Tests j. Ability to perform both static and dynamic tests k. Interactive 3-D training programs and games l. 16 variable stability settings utilizing a pneumatic pressure system to adjust for varying balance abilities m. Engages all three (3) peripheral balance systems (vestibular, vision, and proprioception) n. Patient safety support belt o. User s Manual p. Minimum 1-Year Commercial Warranty B. The Vendor will provide white glove delivery, completing assembly and installation on site by personnel certified by the manufacturer to provide the necessary testing and commissioning of the system. All accessories will be accounted for and tested to ensure error-free functionality at the time of installation. C. The Vendor will provide basic product demonstration and testing of the system to ensure proper connection and functionality. D. The Vendor will adhere to the job site requirements listed below: a. All personnel to adhere to site safety requirements PPE at a minimum to include hard hats safety glasses, high-visibility clothing, hard-soled shoes. b. All personnel subject to a 30-minute site safety orientation conducted by General Contractor (GC). c. Vendor responsible for unloading, handling, and unpacking; clean up to dumpster provided by GC. DELIVERY The vendor will provide delivery between the dates of October 20, 2025, and October 31, 2025. Normal business hours for acceptance of deliveries are 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Holidays. Deliveries must be coordinated in advance with the COR once a ship date is established. All items included in the requirement shall be shipped and delivered to the site at the same time. The packing slip must include the VA-issued purchase order number. C. Delivery Address: Mercer CBOC 1505 North Hermitage Road Hermitage, PA 16148

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/23c03ce3009a491ca4812000c7405e12/view)