---
layout: default
title: C1DA--Renovate PACU and Cath Lab - Cx Services 541-24-101 -
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: bd0dcd02486141838ccb0d38d17d7232
---

# C1DA--Renovate PACU and Cath Lab - Cx Services 541-24-101 -

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 10:09:25.917-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026R0059
- Awardee: null

## Summary

1. INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A TOTAL 100% SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS (SDVOSB) SET-ASIDE in accordance with Public Law 109-461. This is a Request for SF330s for Architect/Engineer (A/E) Design Services for Project Number 541-24-101, A/E Design Renovate PACU and Cath Lab Commissioning at the Louis Stokes VA Medical Center, 10701 East Boulevard, Cleveland, OH 44106. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. NO SOLICITATION PACKAGE WILL BE ISSUED VIA SAM.GOV. A request for proposal will be issued directly to the highest ranked firm for which negotiations will commence in accordance with FAR Subpart 36.6. The anticipated A/E design services, to be awarded, will be procured in accordance with the Selection of Architects and Engineers Act (Public Law 92- 582), Federal Acquisition Regulation Subpart 36.6, and VA Acquisition Regulation Subpart 836.6. 2. DESCRIPTION: The AE firm shall provide all programming, design Submissions, Site Investigation/Field Verification Services, Asbestos Testing, Construction Documents, Technical Specifications, Cost Estimates, Reports, and Construction Administration Services for the project A/E Renovate PACU and Cath Lab Commissioning, located on the Louis Stokes Veterans Affairs Medical Center, 10701 East Boulevard, Cleveland, OH 44106. See attached Statement of Work for further requirements Period of Performance: 220 Calendar Days after Contractor s receipt of Notice to Proceed Contract Type: Firm-Fixed-Price Estimated Cost of Construction is: $16,000,000.00 NAICS Code: 541330 Size Standard: $25.5 Million 3. SBA Small Business Search & SAM: in accordance with VAAR 819.7003(b) (Deviation), at the time of offer/quotes (SF330 submission), and at the time of award of any contract, the offeror must represent to the contracting officer that it is a (1) SDVOSB eligible firm; (2) Small business concern under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to the acquisition; and (3) Deviation [Certified] SDVOSB/VOSB [listed in] the [SBA certification database (aka DSBS SBA) at https://search.certifications.sba.gov/advanced?page=0 If registration is required, visit https://search.certifications.sba.gov/advanced?page=0 Additionally, all eligible firms must be registered and current in the System for Award Management (SAM) database in order to be evaluated and eligible for contract award. If the firm is not registered in SAM, you may register online at https://www.sam.gov. 4) SET ASIDE FACTOR This procurement is a Total Set-Aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) AE firms. The primary North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 541330, Engineering Services are also required as this is a multi-disciplinary Engineering requirement and therefore experience and qualifications for the Engineering services are being evaluated as part of this solicitation. Offerors that are not an SDVOSB firm will be ineligible for consideration. Verification of SDVOSB status will be done via confirming current registration in the Center for Veterans Enterprise Vendor Information Pages database (https://www.vip/vetbiz.va.gov/). Firms submitting a qualification package must have a current registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://sam/gov). 5) EVALUATION FACTORS The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1) Experience and Technical Competence (40% weighting) 2) Professional Qualifications (25% weighting) 3) Past Performance (15% weighting) 4) Capacity (5% weighting) 5) Experience Construction Period Service (5% weighting) 6) Geographic Location (5% weighting) 7) SDVOSB Subcontractor Classification (5% weighting) 1) Specialized Experience and Technical Competence (40% Weighting) in the design of a renovation project for PACU and Cath Labs located on the Second Floor of the Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center. Work shall include commissioning agent services, Life-Safety review services, and constructability review services. Include Government and private sector experience on projects similar in size, scope and complexity and experience with project phasing to maintain hospital operations during construction. The evaluation will consider the management approach, coordination of disciplines and subcontractors, quality control procedures, prior experience of the prime firm and any key subcontractors working together on relevant projects and familiarity with VA Design Guides/ Manuals, Master Specifications and other applicable standards. Offeror shall provide a Summary Page of its recent and relevant specialized experience and technical competence which is similar in size, scope and magnitude to this requirement. Relevant is defined as those task requirements identified in the RFP s Scope of Work. Recent is defined as services provided within the past five (5) years. Offeror shall provide a minimum of three (3) projects but no more than five (5). Each project shall include the following: i) Project title, location and detailed narrative describing the scope of services provided including the type of work performed by the offeror and its role in the project i.e., Prime Contractor, Teaming Partner or Subcontractor ii) Project Owner, owner s point of contact including telephone number and email addresses iii) Services & Deliverables provided under the contract/ task order iv) Period of Performance, including start and completion dates v) Total dollar value of the project 2) Professional Qualifications (25% Weighting) necessary for satisfactory performance of required i) Commissioning Agent (1) Certification as a Certified Commissioning Professional (BCxA-CCP), Certified Commissioning Authority (ACG-CxA), Certified Building Commissioning Professional (AEECBCP) or Building Commissioning Professional Certification (ASHRAE-BCxP). Have served as the Commissioning Agent for at least three projects that have been completed within the last five years (active/ongoing projects do not meet this criteria). ii) Life-Safety Reviewer LABOR CATEGORY EXPERIENCE MINIMUM EDUCATION CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES Fire Protection Engineer Expertise in fire protection engineering with demonstrated experience with health care occupancies, including VHA operations. Previous experience as the lead role in fire protection and engineering design and Joint Commission life safety assessment projects, involving all aspects of fire protection and life safety, including code compliant design designs. Working knowledge and formal training in fire protection engineering, NFPA codes and standards, especially the latest edition of NFPA 101 Life Safety Code and NFPA 99 Health Care Facilities Code, and applicable VA/ VHA Fire Protection and Life Safety Directives. B.S. in Fire Protection Engineering and at least 10 years of experience in fire protection Professional Engineer (P.E.) (Required) *Note: Engineer must have passed the principles and practices examination in fire protection engineering. iii) Constructability Reviewer (1) Reviewer qualifications must include the following: (a) A minimum of 10 years of Construction Management field experience on medical construction projects of 3 million dollars construction cost or greater during all phases of a construction project (bid, award, construction, close-out and warranty period). (b) A minimum of 5 years of Contract Document Review experience. (c) Provide reviewer qualifications/ resume for VA review prior and approval by the VA COR prior to commencement of the review. (2) Reviewer must be experienced in managing contracts, reviewing submittals/ RFI s, participating in progress meetings and have a thorough knowledge of building materials, building techniques, building codes, regulations and sequence of construction. (3) Provide the following details of at least 3 projects that meet these requirements. (a) Details (b) Project Name (c) Project Location/ Address (d) Project Cost (e) Project Owner (f) Project Description (g) Project Photo 3) Past Performance (15% Weighting) on contracts with Government agencies and private industry in terms of cost control, quality of work, and compliance with performance schedules. CPARS data or PPQs (if no CPARS data is available) must be provided for projects submitted under Factor 1 (Specialized Experience). Government Past Performance Information Systems may be accessed. Evaluating past performance and experience may include information provided by the firm, recommendation letters, customer inquiries, Government databases, and publicly available sources. Failure to provide requested data, accessible points of contact or valid phone numbers could result in a firm being considered less qualified. The following information is required for all projects: contract/ task order number, project title, prime firm, start date, and completion date. Evaluations may also include additional performance related from the firm, customer inquiries, Government databases, publicly available sources, and additional projects in CPARS. The Government reserves the right to also evaluate past performance on previously awarded federal task orders and any other information available. Note: We recommend you contact every reference listed and let them know we may contact them for information. Their timely replies would be appreciated. 4) Capacity (5% Weighting) to accomplish work in the required time. The evaluation will consider the firm s number of current contracts, the firm s plan and ability to meet the schedule of the overall project, as well as the available capacity of personnel in key disciplines in order to determine their capacity to complete the project work. Describe the firm s ability to accomplish the work in the required time, including existing workload from all private and public clients and awards of similar type to this project that may limit the AE s capacity to perform the project work expeditiously. Firms must address and demonstrate the capacity to execute several large Task Orders ($1,000,000 to $5,500,000 with a performance time of 250-350 calendar days) simultaneously. 5) Experience in Construction Period Services (5% Weighting) Experience in construction period services to include professional field inspections during the construction period, review of construction submittals, support in answering requests for information during the construction period, and support of construction contract changes to include drafting statements of work, and cost estimates. 6) Geographic Location (5% Weighting) It is important that the offerors be responsive in a timely manner to being onsite to support this project. Offerors shall provide the travel time that the prime contractor and each of their subconsultants that need to be onsite are away from the Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center by car and air (if applicable). The SSEB will evaluate the lowest aggregate time from each offeror divided by the total number of prime/ subcontractors to arrive at an average travel time for that offeror. The SSEB will then rank the average travel time from each offer from the lowest to highest (the lower the time, the better the ranking). 7) SDVOSB Subcontractor Classification (5% Weighting) The extent to which potential contractors identify and commit to the use of service-disabled Veteran-owned small businesses, Veteran-owned small businesses, and other types of small businesses as subcontractors. Firms (Prime and Subcontractor(s) shall be Small Business Administration (SBA) Certified (aka VetCert) if SDVOSB or VOSB. To be considered, SDVOSB/VOSB firms must be listed in the SBA Certification database at https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/ (see 13 CFR 128). All other socioeconomic firms shall be certified by Systems of Award Management (SAM.gov) and/or Fed Data Check. Estimate percent of project overall workload shall be designated for each firm (prime and sub). i) SDVOSB shall be given greatest preference. ii) VOSB shall be given great preference. iii) All other social economic classifications to be preferred. 6) SCORE KEY 1) Assessment Rating Definitions Table 1: Assessment Rating Definitions Pts Assessment Definition 1 Excellent A comprehensive and thorough presentation of exceptional merit with one or more significant strengths. Offeror s response is clearly superior. The response is innovative and exceeds requirements. No deficiency or significant weaknesses exists. 2 Very Good Exceeds all the minimum requirements of the criteria; has an above average probability of success; contains no significant weaknesses and only minor, correctable weaknesses exist. 3 Acceptable Meets all the minimum requirements of the criteria; has an average probability of success with no significant weaknesses and any deficiencies can be readily corrected. 4 Marginal Fails to meet one or more of the minimum requirements of the criteria; low probability of success; major weaknesses and/ or significant number of deficiencies exist. 5 Poor Fails to meet any of the minimum requirements of the criteria; very low probability of success. 2) Adjectival Descriptions Definitions i) Strength: An area in the SF 330 which there is a high level of confidence or meeting the requirements and to some extent clearly exceeds what is necessary to meet the requirement. ii) Weakness: Is a flaw in the SF 330 that increases the risk of unsuccessful contract performance. iii) Deficiency: Is a failure of a SF 330 to meet a government requirement or a combination of significant weaknesses in a SF330 that increases the risk of unsuccessful contract performance to a marginal or poor level. 7) CONCENSUS EVALUATION The Source Selection Evaluation Board (SSEB) will provide a Consensus Evaluation to the Contracting Officer that that will state the reasons why the best rated proposal was found to be superior to the others. The Consensus Evaluation paragraph should be two or three sentences, using information provided above that should clearly explain the selection. The Contracting Officer will receive only one Consensus Evaluation from the SSEB Team and the raw worksheets from SSEB members. The SSEB Chair has the responsibility for combining all the comments into a coherent explanation of the SSEB s selection. The Consensus Evaluation will include the following: i) Evaluation factors that were significant to the decision ii) Limitations of non-selected firms that were significant PLEASE NOTE: The AE Evaluation Board must be provided with complete and accurate information for ALL evaluation factors above in order to rank interested and eligible firms. Therefore, the AE firm must expand upon, as it deems necessary, on any evaluation factor not well demonstrated or addressed with Part IA to Part IG and Part II of the SF330. The AE firm shall use Part IH and/or use additional sheets to supplement/address all evaluation factors to clearly demonstrate its qualifications. Additionally, keep in mind the submission requirement restrictions outlined in #8 below when addressing evaluation factors. 5. SELECTION PROCESS: in accordance with FAR 36.6, SF330s will be evaluated by the evaluation board using the evaluation factors identified in this announcement. After SF330s have been evaluated, discussions/interviews will be held with at least three of the most highly qualified firms. After discussions have concluded, the evaluation board will evaluate the qualifications of the firms using the same evaluation factors, taking into consideration both the SF330 submission and subsequent discussions, to select the most preferred firm from the firms considered to be the most highly qualified. Please note that the assigned values for the above factors may be adjusted after discussions as allowed under VAAM 836.602-1, Selection Criteria. Negotiations will then begin with the most preferred firm. 8. LIMITS ON SUBCONTRACTING: in accordance with VAAR 852.219-73 VA Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside under 852.219-73(d)(1)(5), it states: (1)Â Services.Â In the case of a contract for services (except construction), the SDVOSB prime contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to the prime for contract performance to firms that are notÂ certifiedÂ SDVOSBsÂ listed in the SBA certification databaseÂ (excluding direct costs to the extent they are not the principal purpose of the acquisition and the SDVOSB/VOSB does not provide the service, such as airline travel, cloud computing services, or mass media purchases). When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract. (5)Â Subcontracting.Â An SDVOSBÂ subcontractorÂ must meet the NAICS size standard assigned by the prime contractor and beÂ certified andÂ listed inÂ the SBA certification databaseÂ to count as similarly situated. Any work that a first tier VIP-listed SDVOSB subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the percent of subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. For supply or construction contracts, the cost of materials is excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the portion of the contract with the preponderance of the expenditure upon which the assigned NAICS is based. For information and more specific requirements, refer to 13 CFR 125.6. 9. SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: interested and eligible firms should submit their current SF330 as follows: 1) One (1) electronic pdf copy via e-mail: a. See attachments for procedures (i.e., eCMS Getting Started Guide for Vendors & eCMS Vendors_Guide_v4_2); b. Size limitation is 20MB; The SF330s are due on Friday, 11 May 2026, at 12PM EST. Acceptable electronic formats (software) for submission of SF330 packages: (a) Files readable using the current Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF); (b) Files in Adobe* PDF Files: When scanning documents scanner resolution should be set to 200 dots per inch, or greater; (c) SF330s shall be provided on standard letter size 8-1/2 by 11-inch paper, limited to a maximum of seventy-five (75), single-sided, single-spaced, and numbered pages. If more than seventy-five (75) single-sided pages are submitted, all pages after seventy-five (75) pages will not be evaluated. The font for text shall be Times New Roman 12-point or larger; (d) Please note that we can no longer accept .zip files due to increasing security concerns. The SF330 can be downloaded through the GSA Forms Library at: http://www.gsa.gov/portal/forms/type/TOP, type in SF330 in the Find a Form block and click on search. 10. No Fax or Telephonic Responses will be accepted: Personal visits to discuss this announcement will not be entertained or scheduled. Questions may be directed only by e-mail to Stanley.burdine@va.gov. 11. VA Primary Point of Contact: - Stanley Burdine - Contract Specialist - Email: Stanley.burdine@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stanley Burdine
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: stanley.burdine@va.gov
  - Phone: 614-388-7827

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bd0dcd02486141838ccb0d38d17d7232/view)