---
layout: default
title: P001U Hazardous Storage Facility
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 8a7c283bbacd4d928250f211f9d2198c
---

# P001U Hazardous Storage Facility

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 10:29:22.05-04
- Solicitation Number: ACQR-6120122

## Summary

Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, ROICC Andrews R53 Bainbridge St. Joint Base Andrews, MD 20746 NAVFAC POC: sarah.r.lowell.civ@us.navy.mil ALTERNATE NAVFAC POC: joseph.a.bolivar2.civ@us.navy.mil $750M SMALL BUSINESS ANCHOR MULTIPLE AWARD CONSTRUCTION PROJECT NAVFAC WASHINGTON Proposed Task Order: N40080-23-R-0022 6120122 P001U HAZARDOUS WASTE STORAGE FACILITY DATE OF SOLICITATION: 26 MARCH 2026 SB MACC CONTRACT HOLDERS: N40080-24-D-0006 C.E.R., Inc. 877 Baltimore Annapolis Blvd., Suite 101 Severna Park, Maryland 21146? POC: Paul Rosseau; Michael Phillips PHONE: (410) 247-9096 EMAIL: prosseau@cerinc.com; mphillips@cerinc.com UEI: JRN9CUUQS2J5 CAGE: 0DPW4 N40080-24-D-0007 CJW Contractors, Inc. 13849 Park Center Rd, Suite B Herndon, Virginia, 20171 POC: Ralph Crews; Anuj Kumar PHONE: (301) 345-1740 Ext 102 EMAIL: ralph@cjwcontractors.com; anuj@cjwcontractors.com UEI: N8VQYJWD8CR5 CAGE: 37YM5 N40080-24-D-0008 Edifice Services JV, LLC 507 N. Frederick Ave, Suite 104 Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877 POC: Randall Fetter; Alberto Duchovny PHONE: (301) 881-3500; (301) 294-3300 EMAIL: randy@hsubuilders.com; alberto@egi-corp.com UEI: FZH6M6JJSAE8 CAGE: 9H7U5 N40080-24-D-0009 ENCON Desbuild JV3 LLC 8201 Corporate Drive, Suite 720 Hyattsville, Maryland 20785 POC: Devang Ajmera; Ananth Badrinath PHONE: (301) 244-0711 Ext 1001; (240) 417-9762 EMAIL: devang@enconcorp.org; ab@desbuild.com UEI: GCNUQM3JWSP8 CAGE: 9ARV3 N40080-24-D-0010 EVCON-CWC JV, LLC 3176 ½ Bladensburg Rd NE, Suite 1 Washington, District of Columbia 20018 POC: Ali Naim; Baboucarr Cham PHONE: (301) 742-1085; (301) 569-0156 EMAIL: ali@evcongroup.com; bcham@coakleywilliams.com UEI: FM2EEJBM2T93 CAGE: 9QQS3 N40080-24-D-0011 Fastbreak General Contractors, LLC 47 W Queens Way Suite G1 Hampton, Virginia 23669 POC: Ray Miles; Teresa Miles-Hendrix PHONE: (757) 727-9442 EMAIL: rmiles@fastbreakgc.com; tmhendrix@fastbreakgc.com UEI: F1YKDN84NPA9 CAGE: 65PH5 N40080-24-D-0012 Ocean Construction Services 104 Aragona Blvd Suite 101 Virginia Beach, Virginia 23462 POC: Thor Elmore; Kara Canter PHONE: (757) 200-9590 EMAIL: thor.elmore@ocsinc.us; kara.canter@ocsinc.us UEI: GSYGKETMMUD9 CAGE: 30KZ2 N40080-24-D-0013 Ritz Construction 47 East All Saints Street, Suite 6 Frederick, Maryland 21701 POC: Lien Cu-Ritzer; Nick Ritzer PHONE: (301) 253-2779 EMAIL: lcr@ritzbuilds.com; nmr@ritzbuilds.com UEI: GR8LJ61N3PM5 CAGE: 71PJ1 PROPOSAL PREPARATION All contractors shall propose on this URGENT Request for Proposal (RFP) issued under this contract, unless a written determination is forwarded to the Contracting Officer/Ordering Officer which documents why a contractor is unable to propose. This written determination will be forwarded to the Contracting Officer/Ordering Officer within 5 days after receipt of the RFP. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS All terms and conditions of N40080-24-D-0006/0007/0008/0009/0010/0011/0012/0013 Indefinite Delivery Quantity Contract apply to this solicitation. Please review your MACC award document for guidance on contract clauses and requirements that may pertain to this order. All contract clauses in the Basic Contract by reference or full text remain in effect unless superseded by this task order. You are responsible to adhere to all applicable clauses, even if they are not stated in this RFP package or the Task Order award document. For clarification on any clause or other contractual issues, please contact the POC as listed above. Amendments will be sent directly via email to MACC Holders. The opportunity shall be posted to SAM.GOV limited to the above listed MACC holders. NAVFAC Solicitation No.: N40080-23-R-0022 6120122 NAVFAC Project No.: 1817027 Title: P001U Hazardous Waste Storage Facility Location of the Work: Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling (JBAB) Description of the Work: The project consists of the new construction of a compliant and appropriate Hazardous Waste Storage Facility to include functional training space. The single story space will contain central receiving, processing, and short-term storage for regulated and nonregulated waste, administrative support, customer service, restroom with shower accommodation, and a training space that will also function as a break room. Segregated hazardous waste storage spaces shall have self-containing containment connected to isolated secondary containment to prevent discharge to storm-water systems. A heating, ventilation, and air conditioning system compliant for all hazardous substances with required cybersecurity controls included. A loading dock and site area must allow for an 18-wheel semitruck to access the facility to transport hazardous waste for final disposal. Estimated Budget Amount or Price Range: In accordance with FAR 36.204, Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects, the estimated price range for this project is between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. NAICS CODE: 236220 – Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. Time for Completion: In accordance with FAR 52.211-10 Commencement, Prosecution, and Completion of Work, the Government desires completion of construction within 455 calendar days after award (includes 15 calendar days for submission and approval of bonds and insurance). Wage Determination: Department of Labor (DoL) General Decision Number DC20260002 01/16/2026 DC2 applies to this work. See Attachment B. Should this wage determination be modified by DoL prior to award, the most current wage determination will be incorporated at the time of the award. The wage determination version in effect at the time of the award shall apply to the work performed under this contract. Liquidated Damages: In accordance with FAR 52.211-12 Liquidated Damages – Construction, Liquidated Damages will be assessed in the amount of $997 for each calendar day of delay until the work is completed or accepted. Utilities: The Contractor shall be responsible for obtaining, either from available Government sources or local utility companies, all utilities required for construction and testing. The Contractor shall provide these utilities at his expense, paid for at the current utility rate delivered to the job site. The Contractor shall provide and maintain all temporary utility connections and distribution lines, and all meters required to measure the amount of each utility used. Record Shop Drawings: In accordance with FAR 52.236.21 Specifications and Drawings for Construction, record shop drawings are required. Reproducible copies of these record drawings are not required. Bond Requirements: Bond Requirements: In accordance with FAR 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee, each offeror shall submit with its offer a bid guarantee. The amount of the bid guarantee shall be 20 percent of the bid price or $3,000,000, whichever is less. Failure to furnish a bid guarantee in the proper form and amount, by the time set for proposal submissions, may be cause for rejection of the bid. In accordance with FAR 52.228-15 Performance and Payment Bond – Construction, Performance and Payment Bonds are required from the awardee and shall be submitted for approval to the Contracting Officer within 10 days after award of the Task Order. Failure to submit an electronic copy of your bid bond with your proposal will result in your proposal being deemed non-responsive and your proposal removed from consideration. Proposal Acceptance Period: Proposal acceptance period shall be 60 days from receipt of offers. Site Visit: All MACC holders are invited to attend Site Visit for the project. Information is below: Site visit is scheduled for 09 April 2026 at 09:00AM EST. All Contractors must coordinate base access with the POC’s listed below, and be able to access base (must have valid Real ID or valid US Passport, VHIC, or equivalent federal ID). The Contractors will meet with the Base access POC, the PM, and the DM at the visitor gate. There will only be one Government sponsored site visit. For additional questions and base access, please contact the site visit POC Mr. Kevin Brooks at kevin.e.brooks.civ@us.navy.mil and alternate POC Mr. Barry Varnell at barry.f.varnell.civ@us.navy.mil . Pre Proposal Inquiry (PPIs): Offerors who determine that the technical and or contractual requirements of this RFP require clarification(s) in order to permit submittal of a responsive proposal shall submit all questions in writing. All inquiries must be made in writing and shall be submitted via email to sarah.r.lowell.civ@us.navy.mil and joseph.a.bolivar2.civ@us.navy.mil no later than fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the proposal due date with inquiries attached as a Excel document (no tables please) Attachment C. Do not submit the same inquiry more than once. Please verify that inquiries submitted by you on behalf of your subcontractors are not duplicates. A response will be published via an amendment. Proposal Due Date: Thursday, 14 May 2026 at 04:00PM EST. LATE PROPOSALS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED. Proposal Delivery Information: PROPOSALS SHALL BE EMAILED TO Sarah.r.lowell.civ@us.navy.mil and joseph.a.bolivar2.civ@us.navy.mil. It is highly recommended to add a reading receipt to your email submission. Facsimile transmissions of proposals, acknowledgements of amendments, or modifications to proposals are not authorized. The proposal must be submitted via email to the email address(es) listed above. The subject line should contain the Project Title, and contractor information. NOTE THE FOLLOWING: Any post-award changes to the scope of work, technical specifications, or drawings will be issued on a Standard Form (SF) 30. This request does not constitute a notice to proceed, nor shall it be considered as a commitment on the part of the Government. Any costs incurred prior to the issuance of a task order cannot be reimbursed. Offerors will not be reimbursed for any effort or proposal costs resulting from this solicitation. Offerors are advised that funding may not become available. If funds are not available, no award will be made as a result of this solicitation. If funding becomes available, the successful Offeror will be issued a task order under their contract, as set forth in DFARS 252.216-7006, Ordering. Basis for Award: This task order will be awarded on a fair opportunity basis pursuant to FAR 16.505 ordering procedures. The proposed task order will be awarded to the responsible Offeror offering the best value to the Government. The PRICE ONLY source selection process is selected as appropriate for this acquisition because the best value is expected to result from selection of the proposal with the lowest evaluated price. To make a determination of best value, the Government shall evaluate each Offeror on price only 1.The solicitation requires the evaluation of price and the following non-cost/price factors: NOT APPLICABLE Price Submission (1) Solicitation Submittal Requirements – Offeror shall submit the following: Cover page that includes: - Solicitation Number & Title - Prime Contractor Name, Address, Phone Number, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and Cage Code - Point of Contact Name, Phone Number, and Email Price Proposal Form Amendments Acknowledged (if applicable) Bid Guarantee (2) Basis of Evaluation – The Government will evaluate price based on the total lump sum price including any options, if applicable. The Government intends to evaluate all options in accordance with FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990), if applicable. In accordance with FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). Analysis will be performed by one or more of the following techniques to ensure a fair and reasonable price: Comparison of proposed prices received in response to the RFP. Comparison of proposed prices with the IGCE. Comparison of proposed prices with available historical information. Comparison of market survey results The Government reserves the right to eliminate from consideration for award any or all offers at any time prior to awarding the contract; to negotiate with offerors in the competitive range; and to award, without discussions at the discretion of the Contracting Officer, the contract to the Offeror submitting the lowest price proposal The Government intends to evaluate proposals and issue a task order without discussion (except clarifications as described in FAR 15.306(a)). Therefore, each initial offer should contain the offeror’s best terms from a price standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. In addition, if the Contracting Officer determines that the number of proposals that would otherwise be in the competitive range exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the Contracting Officer may limit the number of proposals in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit efficient competition among the most highly rated proposals. Offerors shall submit electronic proposals (.pdf format) in response to this solicitation. Offerors shall ensure that the Government has received the electronic proposal prior to the date and time specified. Offerors shall allow adequate time to upload files which may be slower for non-DoD users and to avoid other technical difficulties that may be encountered. Offerors are also responsible for submitting files in the format specified and consistent with requirements stated elsewhere in this solicitation. Files that cannot be opened or are otherwise missing the required content are the responsibility of the Offeror. ATTACHMENTS: ATTACHMENT A.1 - N40080-23-R-0022 P001U VOL I Part 2 Final (DoD Safe) ATTACHMENT A.2 – N40080-23-R-0022 P001U VOL II Part 3 – 5 (DoD Safe) ATTACHMENT A.3 - N40080-23-R-0022 P001U Part 6 Final (DoD Safe) ATTACHMENT B – Wage Determination - DC20260002 01/16/2026_ Enclosed ATTACHMENT C – Pre Proposal Inquiry (PPIs) Form _ Enclosed ATTACHMENT D – Price Schedule _ Enclosed ATTACHMENT A Attachment A.1 DoD Safe Attachment A.2 DoD Safe Attachment A.3 DoD Safe ATTACHMENT B "General Decision Number: DC20260002 01/16/2026 Superseded General Decision Number: DC20250002 State: District of Columbia Construction Type: Building County: District of Columbia Statewide. BUILDING CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS (does not include single family homes or apartments up to and including 4 stories). Modification Number Publication Date 0 01/02/2026 1 01/09/2026 2 01/16/2026 ASBE0024-007 10/01/2024 Rates Fringes ASBESTOS WORKER/HEAT & FROST INSULATOR........................$ 40.77 20.17+a Includes the application of all insulating materials, protective coverings, coatings and finishes to all types of mechanical systems a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans' Day, Thanksgiving Day,the day after Thanksgiving and Christmas Day provided the employee works the regular work day before and after the paid holiday. ---------------------------------------------------------------- ASBE0024-008 10/01/2024 Rates Fringes ASBESTOS WORKER: HAZARDOUS MATERIAL HANDLER.................$ 24.46 10.19+a Includes preparation, wetting, stripping, removal, scrapping, vacuuming, bagging and disposing of all insulation materials, whether they contain asbestos or not, from mechanical systems a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans' Day, Thanksgiving Day,the day after Thanksgiving and Christmas Day provided the employee works the regular work day before and after the paid holiday. ---------------------------------------------------------------- ASBE0024-014 10/01/2024 Rates Fringes FIRESTOPPER......................$ 30.21 10.43+a Includes the application of materials or devices within or around penetrations and openings in all rated wall or floor assemblies, in order to prevent the pasage of fire, smoke of other gases. The application includes all components involved in creating the rated barrier at perimeter slab edges and exterior cavities, the head of gypsum board or concrete walls, joints between rated wall or floor components, sealing of penetrating items and blank openings. a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans' Day, Thanksgiving Day,the day after Thanksgiving and Christmas Day provided the employee works the regular work day before and after the paid holiday. ---------------------------------------------------------------- BRDC0001-002 04/27/2025 Rates Fringes BRICKLAYER.......................$ 38.80 15.17 ---------------------------------------------------------------- CARP0197-011 05/01/2024 Rates Fringes CARPENTER, Includes Drywall Hanging, Form Work, and Soft Floor Laying-Carpet..............$ 34.41 14.33 ---------------------------------------------------------------- CARP0219-001 05/01/2025 Rates Fringes MILLWRIGHT.......................$ 39.50 17.32 ---------------------------------------------------------------- CARP0474-006 05/01/2024 Rates Fringes PILEDRIVERMAN....................$ 36.60 14.47 ---------------------------------------------------------------- * ELEC0026-016 06/02/2025 Rates Fringes ELECTRICIAN, Includes Installation of HVAC/Temperature Controls........$ 59.50 23.06 ---------------------------------------------------------------- ELEC0026-017 09/01/2025 Rates Fringes ELECTRICAL INSTALLER (Sound & Communication Systems).........$ 34.16

13.54 SCOPE OF WORK: Includes low voltage construction, installation, maintenance and removal of teledata facilities (voice, data and video) including outside plant, telephone and data inside wire, interconnect, terminal equipment, central offices, PABX, fiber optic cable and equipment, railroad communications, micro waves, VSAT, bypass, CATV, WAN (Wide area networks), LAN (Local area networks) and ISDN (Integrated systems digital network). WORK EXCLUDED: The installation of computer systems in industrial applications such as assembly lines, robotics and computer controller manufacturing systems. The installation of conduit and/or raceways shall be installed by Inside Wiremen. On sites where there is no Inside Wireman employed, the Teledata Technician may install raceway or conduit not greater than 10 feet. Fire alarm work is excluded on all new construction sites or wherever the fire alarm system is installed in conduit. All HVAC control work. ---------------------------------------------------------------- ELEV0010-001 01/01/2025 Rates Fringes ELEVATOR MECHANIC................$ 57.16 38.435+a+b a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans' Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Day and the Friday after Thanksgiving. b. VACATIONS: Employer contributes 8% of basic hourly rate for 5 years or more of service; 6% of basic hourly rate for 6 months to 5 years of service as vacation pay credit. ---------------------------------------------------------------- IRON0005-005 06/01/2024 Rates Fringes IRONWORKER, STRUCTURAL AND ORNAMENTAL.......................$ 37.86 25.86 ---------------------------------------------------------------- IRON0005-012 05/01/2024 Rates Fringes IRONWORKER, REINFORCING..........$ 31.88 23.78 ---------------------------------------------------------------- LABO0011-009 06/01/2025 Rates Fringes LABORER: Skilled................$ 30.47

8.70 FOOTNOTE: Potmen, power tool operator, small machine operator, signalmen, laser beam operator, waterproofer (excluding roofing), open caisson, test pit, underpinning, pier hole and ditches, laggers and all work associated with lagging that is not expressly stated, strippers, operator of hand derricks, vibrator operators, pipe layers, or tile layers, operators of jackhammers, paving breakers, spaders or any machine that does the same general type of work, carpenter tenders, scaffold builders, operators of towmasters, scootcretes, buggymobiles and other machines of similar character, operators of tampers and rammers and other machines that do the same general type of work, whether powered by air, electric or gasoline, builders of trestle scaffolds over one tier high and sand blasters, power and chain saw operators used in clearing, installers of well points, wagon drill operators, acetylene burners and licensed powdermen, stake jumper,demolition. ---------------------------------------------------------------- MARB0002-004 04/27/2025 Rates Fringes MARBLE/STONE MASON...............$ 45.65

21.21 INCLUDING pointing, caulking and cleaning of All types of masonry, brick, stone and cement EXCEPT pointing, caulking, cleaning of existing masonry, brick, stone and cement (restoration work) ---------------------------------------------------------------- MARB0003-006 04/27/2025 Rates Fringes TERRAZZO WORKER/SETTER...........$ 34.34 14.20 ---------------------------------------------------------------- MARB0003-007 04/27/2025 Rates Fringes TERRAZZO FINISHER................$ 28.85 12.55 ---------------------------------------------------------------- MARB0003-008 04/27/2025 Rates Fringes TILE SETTER......................$ 34.34 14.20 ---------------------------------------------------------------- MARB0003-009 04/27/2025 Rates Fringes TILE FINISHER....................$ 28.85 12.55 ---------------------------------------------------------------- PAIN0051-014 06/01/2025 Rates Fringes GLAZIER Glazing Contracts $2 million and under...........$ 32.41

14.46 Glazing Contracts over $2 million.....................$ 36.65 14.46 ---------------------------------------------------------------- PAIN0051-015 06/01/2025 Rates Fringes PAINTER Brush, Roller, Spray and Drywall Finisher............$ 29.16 11.86 ---------------------------------------------------------------- PLAS0891-005 07/01/2025 Rates Fringes PLASTERER (Including Fireproofing)....................$ 32.86 10.46 ---------------------------------------------------------------- PLAS0891-006 03/01/2025 Rates Fringes CEMENT MASON/CONCRETE FINISHER...$ 30.50 14.23 ---------------------------------------------------------------- PLUM0005-010 08/01/2025 Rates Fringes PLUMBER..........................$ 53.30 23.71+a a. PAID HOLIDAYS: Labor Day, Veterans' Day, Thanksgiving Day and the day after Thanksgiving, Christmas Day, New Year's Day, Martin Luther King's Birthday, Memorial Day and the Fourth of July. ---------------------------------------------------------------- PLUM0602-008 08/01/2025 Rates Fringes PIPEFITTER, Includes HVAC Pipe Installation................$ 55.00 24.46+a a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King's Birthday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans' Day, Thanksgiving Day and the day after Thanksgiving and Christmas Day. ---------------------------------------------------------------- ROOF0030-016 07/01/2025 Rates Fringes ROOFER...........................$ 36.26 14.91 ---------------------------------------------------------------- SFDC0669-002 01/01/2026 Rates Fringes SPRINKLER FITTER (Fire Sprinklers)......................$ 45.22 27.69 ---------------------------------------------------------------- SHEE0100-015 11/01/2025 Rates Fringes SHEET METAL WORKER (Including HVAC Duct Installation)..........$ 53.42 23.20+a a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King's Birthday, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day ---------------------------------------------------------------- SUDC2009-003 05/19/2009 Rates Fringes LABORER: Common or General......$ 13.04

2.80 LABORER: Mason Tender - Cement/Concrete..................$ 15.40

2.85 LABORER: Mason Tender for pointing, caulking, cleaning of existing masonry, brick, stone and cement structures (restoration work); excludes pointing, caulking and cleaning of new or replacement masonry, brick, stone and cement.................$

11.67 POINTER, CAULKER, CLEANER, Includes pointing, caulking, cleaning of existing masonry, brick, stone and cement structures (restoration work); excludes pointing, caulking, cleaning of new or replacement masonry, brick, stone or cement...........................$ 18.88 ---------------------------------------------------------------- WELDERS - Receive rate prescribed for craft performing operation to which welding is incidental. ================================================================ Note: Executive Order (EO) 13706, Establishing Paid Sick Leave for Federal Contractors applies to all contracts subject to the Davis-Bacon Act for which the contract is awarded (and any solicitation was issued) on or after January 1, 2017. If this contract is covered by the EO, the contractor must provide employees with 1 hour of paid sick leave for every 30 hours they work, up to 56 hours of paid sick leave each year. Employees must be permitted to use paid sick leave for their own illness, injury or other health-related needs, including preventive care; to assist a family member (or person who is like family to the employee) who is ill, injured, or has other health-related needs, including preventive care; or for reasons resulting from, or to assist a family member (or person who is like family to the employee) who is a victim of, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. Additional information on contractor requirements and worker protections under the EO is available at https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/government-contracts. Note: Executive Order 13658 generally applies to contracts subject to the Davis-Bacon Act that were awarded on or between January 1, 2015 and January 29, 2022, and that have not been renewed or extended on or after January 30, 2022. Executive Order 13658 does not apply to contracts subject only to the Davis-Bacon Related Acts regardless of when they were awarded. If a contract is subject to Executive Order 13658, the contractor must pay all covered workers at least $13.30 per hour (or the applicable wage rate listed on this wage determination, if it is higher) for all hours spent performing on the contract in 2025. The applicable Executive Order minimum wage rate will be adjusted annually. Additional information on contractor requirements and worker protections under Executive Order 13658 is available at www.dol.gov/whd/govcontracts. Unlisted classifications needed for work not included within the scope of the classifications listed may be added after award only as provided in the labor standards contract clauses (29CFR 5.5 (a) (1) (iii)). ---------------------------------------------------------------- The body of each wage determination lists the classifications and wage rates that have been found to be prevailing for the type(s) of construction and geographic area covered by the wage determination. The classifications are listed in alphabetical order under rate identifiers indicating whether the particular rate is a union rate (current union negotiated rate), a survey rate, a weighted union average rate, a state adopted rate, or a supplemental classification rate. Union Rate Identifiers A four-letter identifier beginning with characters other than ""SU"", ""UAVG"", ?SA?, or ?SC? denotes that a union rate was prevailing for that classification in the survey. Example: PLUM0198-005 07/01/2024. PLUM is an identifier of the union whose collectively bargained rate prevailed in the survey for this classification, which in this example would be Plumbers. 0198 indicates the local union number or district council number where applicable, i.e., Plumbers Local 0198. The next number, 005 in the example, is an internal number used in processing the wage determination. The date, 07/01/2024 in the example, is the effective date of the most current negotiated rate. Union prevailing wage rates are updated to reflect all changes over time that are reported to WHD in the rates in the collective bargaining agreement (CBA) governing the classification. Union Average Rate Identifiers The UAVG identifier indicates that no single rate prevailed for those classifications, but that 100% of the data reported for the classifications reflected union rates. EXAMPLE: UAVG-OH-0010 01/01/2024. UAVG indicates that the rate is a weighted union average rate. OH indicates the State of Ohio. The next number, 0010 in the example, is an internal number used in producing the wage determination. The date, 01/01/2024 in the example, indicates the date the wage determination was updated to reflect the most current union average rate. A UAVG rate will be updated once a year, usually in January, to reflect a weighted average of the current rates in the collective bargaining agreements on which the rate is based. Survey Rate Identifiers The ""SU"" identifier indicates that either a single non-union rate prevailed (as defined in 29 CFR 1.2) for this classification in the survey or that the rate was derived by computing a weighted average rate based on all the rates reported in the survey for that classification. As a weighted average rate includes all rates reported in the survey, it may include both union and non-union rates. Example: SUFL2022-007 6/27/2024. SU indicates the rate is a single non-union prevailing rate or a weighted average of survey data for that classification. FL indicates the State of Florida. 2022 is the year of the survey on which these classifications and rates are based. The next number, 007 in the example, is an internal number used in producing the wage determination. The date, 6/27/2024 in the example, indicates the survey completion date for the classifications and rates under that identifier. ?SU? wage rates typically remain in effect until a new survey is conducted. However, the Wage and Hour Division (WHD) has the discretion to update such rates under 29 CFR 1.6(c)(1). State Adopted Rate Identifiers The ""SA"" identifier indicates that the classifications and prevailing wage rates set by a state (or local) government were adopted under 29 C.F.R 1.3(g)-(h). Example: SAME2023-007 01/03/2024. SA reflects that the rates are state adopted. ME refers to the State of Maine. 2023 is the year during which the state completed the survey on which the listed classifications and rates are based. The next number, 007 in the example, is an internal number used in producing the wage determination. The date, 01/03/2024 in the example, reflects the date on which the classifications and rates under the ?SA? identifier took effect under state law in the state from which the rates were adopted. ----------------------------------------------------------- WAGE DETERMINATION APPEALS PROCESS 1) Has there been an initial decision in the matter? This can be: a) a survey underlying a wage determination b) an existing published wage determination c) an initial WHD letter setting forth a position on a wage determination matter d) an initial conformance (additional classification and rate) determination On survey related matters, initial contact, including requests for summaries of surveys, should be directed to the WHD Branch of Wage Surveys. Requests can be submitted via email to davisbaconinfo@dol.gov or by mail to: Branch of Wage Surveys Wage and Hour Division U.S. Department of Labor 200 Constitution Avenue, N.W. Washington, DC 20210 Regarding any other wage determination matter such as conformance decisions, requests for initial decisions should be directed to the WHD Branch of Construction Wage Determinations. Requests can be submitted via email to BCWD-Office@dol.gov or by mail to: Branch of Construction Wage Determinations Wage and Hour Division U.S. Department of Labor 200 Constitution Avenue, N.W. Washington, DC 20210 2) If an initial decision has been issued, then any interested party (those affected by the action) that disagrees with the decision can request review and reconsideration from the Wage and Hour Administrator (See 29 CFR Part 1.8 and 29 CFR Part 7). Requests for review and reconsideration can be submitted via email to dba.reconsideration@dol.gov or by mail to: Wage and Hour Administr...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sarah Lowell
  - Email: sarah.r.lowell.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 202-507-3400
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph Bolivar
  - Email: joseph.a.bolivar2.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Should this wage determination be modified by DoL prior to award, the most current wage determination will be incorporated at the time of the award. The wage determination version in effect at the time of the award shall apply to the work performed under this contract. Liquidated Damages: In accordance with FAR 52.211-12 Liquidated Damages – Construction, Liquidated Damages will be assessed in the amount of $997 for each calendar day of delay until the work is completed or accepted. Utilities: The Contractor shall be responsible for obtaining, either from available Government sources or local utility companies, all utilities required for construction and testing. The Contractor shall provide these utilities at his expense, paid for at the current utility rate delivered to the job site. The Contractor shall provide and maintain all temporary utility connections and distribution lines, and all meters required to measure the amount of each utility used. Record Shop Drawings: In accordance with FAR 52.236.21 Specifications and Drawings for Construction, record shop drawings are required. Reproducible copies of these record drawings are not required. Bond Requirements: Bond Requirements: In accordance with FAR 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee, each offeror shall submit with its offer a bid guarantee. The amount of the bid guarantee shall be 20 percent of the bid price or $3,000,000, whichever is less. Failure to furnish a bid guarantee in the proper form and amount, by the time set for proposal submissions, may be cause for rejection of the bid. In accordance with FAR 52.228-15 Performance and Payment Bond – Construction, Performance and Payment Bonds are required from the awardee and shall be submitted for approval to the Contracting Officer within 10 days after award of the Task Order. Failure to submit an electronic copy of your bid bond with your proposal will result in your proposal being deemed non-responsive and your proposal removed from consideration. Proposal Acceptance Period: Proposal acceptance period shall be 60 days from receipt of offers. Site Visit: All MACC holders are invited to attend Site Visit for the project. Information is below: Site visit is scheduled for 09 April 2026 at 09:00AM EST. All Contractors must coordinate base access with the POC’s listed below, and be able to access base (must have valid Real ID or valid US Passport, VHIC, or equivalent federal ID). The Contractors will meet with the Base access POC, the PM, and the DM at the visitor gate. There will only be one Government sponsored site visit. For additional questions and base access, please contact the site visit POC Mr. Kevin Brooks at kevin.e.brooks.civ@us.navy.mil and alternate POC Mr. Barry Varnell at barry.f.varnell.civ@us.navy.mil . Pre Proposal Inquiry (PPIs): Offerors who determine that the technical and or contractual requirements of this RFP require clarification(s) in order to permit submittal of a responsive proposal shall submit all questions in writing. All inquiries must be made in writing and shall be submitted via email to sarah.r.lowell.civ@us.navy.mil and joseph.a.bolivar2.civ@us.navy.mil no later than fourteen (14) calendar days prior to the proposal due date with inquiries attached as a Excel document (no tables please) Attachment C. Do not submit the same inquiry more than once. Please verify that inquiries submitted by you on behalf of your subcontractors are not duplicates. A response will be published via an amendment. Proposal Due Date: Thursday, 14 May 2026 at 04:00PM EST. LATE PROPOSALS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED. Proposal Delivery Information: PROPOSALS SHALL BE EMAILED TO Sarah.r.lowell.civ@us.navy.mil and joseph.a.bolivar2.civ@us.navy.mil. It is highly recommended to add a reading receipt to your email submission. Facsimile transmissions of proposals, acknowledgements of amendments, or modifications to proposals are not authorized. The proposal must be submitted via email to the email address(es) listed above. The subject line should contain the Project Title, and contractor information. NOTE THE FOLLOWING: Any post-award changes to the scope of work, technical specifications, or drawings will be issued on a Standard Form (SF) 30. This request does not constitute a notice to proceed, nor shall it be considered as a commitment on the part of the Government. Any costs incurred prior to the issuance of a task order cannot be reimbursed. Offerors will not be reimbursed for any effort or proposal costs resulting from this solicitation. Offerors are advised that funding may not become available. If funds are not available, no award will be made as a result of this solicitation. If funding becomes available, the successful Offeror will be issued a task order under their contract, as set forth in DFARS 252.216-7006, Ordering. Basis for Award: This task order will be awarded on a fair opportunity basis pursuant to FAR 16.505 ordering procedures. The proposed task order will be awarded to the responsible Offeror offering the best value to the Government. The PRICE ONLY source selection process is selected as appropriate for this acquisition because the best value is expected to result from selection of the proposal with the lowest evaluated price. To make a determination of best value, the Government shall evaluate each Offeror on price only 1.The solicitation requires the evaluation of price and the following non-cost/price factors: NOT APPLICABLE Price Submission (1) Solicitation Submittal Requirements – Offeror shall submit the following: Cover page that includes: - Solicitation Number & Title - Prime Contractor Name, Address, Phone Number, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and Cage Code - Point of Contact Name, Phone Number, and Email Price Proposal Form Amendments Acknowledged (if applicable) Bid Guarantee (2) Basis of Evaluation – The Government will evaluate price based on the total lump sum price including any options, if applicable. The Government intends to evaluate all options in accordance with FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990), if applicable. In accordance with FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). Analysis will be performed by one or more of the following techniques to ensure a fair and reasonable price: Comparison of proposed prices received in response to the RFP. Comparison of proposed prices with the IGCE. Comparison of proposed prices with available historical information. Comparison of market survey results The Government reserves the right to eliminate from consideration for award any or all offers at any time prior to awarding the contract; to negotiate with offerors in the competitive range; and to award, without discussions at the discretion of the Contracting Officer, the contract to the Offeror submitting the lowest price proposal The Government intends to evaluate proposals and issue a task order without discussion (except clarifications as described in FAR 15.306(a)). Therefore, each initial offer should contain the offeror’s best terms from a price standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. In addition, if the Contracting Officer determines that the number of proposals that would otherwise be in the competitive range exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the Contracting Officer may limit the number of proposals in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit efficient competition among the most highly rated proposals. Offerors shall submit electronic proposals (.pdf format) in response to this solicitation. Offerors shall ensure that the Government has received the electronic proposal prior to the date and time specified. Offerors shall allow adequate time to upload files which may be slower for non-DoD users and to avoid other technical difficulties that may be encountered. Offerors are also responsible for submitting files in the format specified and consistent with requirements stated elsewhere in this solicitation. Files that cannot be opened or are otherwise missing the required content are the responsibility of the Offeror. ATTACHMENTS: ATTACHMENT A.1 - N40080-23-R-0022 P001U VOL I Part 2 Final (DoD Safe) ATTACHMENT A.2 – N40080-23-R-0022 P001U VOL II Part 3 – 5 (DoD Safe) ATTACHMENT A.3 - N40080-23-R-0022 P001U Part 6 Final (DoD Safe) ATTACHMENT B – Wage Determination - DC20260002 01/16/2026_ Enclosed ATTACHMENT C – Pre Proposal Inquiry (PPIs) Form _ Enclosed ATTACHMENT D – Price Schedule _ Enclosed ATTACHMENT A Attachment A.1 DoD Safe Attachment A.2 DoD Safe Attachment A.3 DoD Safe ATTACHMENT B "General Decision Number: DC20260002 01/16/2026 Superseded General Decision Number: DC20250002 State: District of Columbia Construction Type: Building County: District of Columbia Statewide. BUILDING CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS (does not include single family homes or apartments up to and including 4 stories). Modification Number Publication Date 0 01/02/2026 1 01/09/2026 2 01/16/2026 ASBE0024-007 10/01/2024 Rates Fringes ASBESTOS WORKER/HEAT & FROST INSULATOR........................$ 40.77 20.17+a Includes the application of all insulating materials, protective coverings, coatings and finishes to all types of mechanical systems a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year"s Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans" Day, Thanksgiving Day,the day after Thanksgiving and Christmas Day provided the employee works the regular work day before and after the paid holiday. ---------------------------------------------------------------- ASBE0024-008 10/01/2024 Rates Fringes ASBESTOS WORKER: HAZARDOUS MATERIAL HANDLER.................$ 24.46 10.19+a Includes preparation, wetting, stripping, removal, scrapping, vacuuming, bagging and disposing of all insulation materials, whether they contain asbestos or not, from mechanical systems a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year"s Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans" Day, Thanksgiving Day,the day after Thanksgiving and Christmas Day provided the employee works the regular work day before and after the paid holiday. ---------------------------------------------------------------- ASBE0024-014 10/01/2024 Rates Fringes FIRESTOPPER......................$ 30.21 10.43+a Includes the application of materials or devices within or around penetrations and openings in all rated wall or floor assemblies, in order to prevent the pasage of fire, smoke of other gases. The application includes all components involved in creating the rated barrier at perimeter slab edges and exterior cavities, the head of gypsum board or concrete walls, joints between rated wall or floor components, sealing of penetrating items and blank openings. a. PAID HOLIDAYS: New Year"s Day, Martin Luther King Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Veterans" Day, Thanksgiving Day,the day after Thanksgiving and Christmas Day provided the employee works the regular work day before and after the paid holiday. ---------------------------------------------------------------- BRDC0001-002 04/27/2025 Rates Fringes BRICKLAYER.......................$ 38.80 15.17 ---------------------------------------------------------------- CARP0197-011 05/01/2024 Rates Fringes CARPENTER, Includes Drywall Hanging, Form Work, and Soft Floor Laying-Carpet..............$ 34.41 14.33 ---------------------------------------------------------------- CARP0219-001 05/01/2025 Rates Fringes MILLWRIGHT.......................$ 39.50 17.32 ---------------------------------------------------------------- CARP0474-006 05/01/2024 Rates Fringes PILEDRIVERMAN....................$ 36.60 14.47 ---------------------------------------------------------------- * ELEC0026-016 06/02/2025 Rates Fringes ELECTRICIAN, Includes Installation of HVAC/Temperature Controls........$ 59.50 23.06 ---------------------------------------------------------------- ELEC0026-017 09/01/2025 Rates Fringes ELECTRICAL INSTALLER (Sound & Communication Systems).........$ 34.16

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8a7c283bbacd4d928250f211f9d2198c/view)