---
layout: default
title: Catered Meal Service
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: a18b11d67de74ecd974d22cdf5bb4f78
---

# Catered Meal Service

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 11:21:36.26-04
- Solicitation Number: W912JD26QA012

## Summary

The 488th MP CO has a requirement for catered meal services to feed approximately 140 Soldiers for their three (3) day training event at Bog Brook Training Area. The contractor must provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and quality control necessary to serve catered meals as defined in section 5 of this performance work statement (PWS). Period of Performance: 1 May through 3 May 2026 Location: Bog Brook Training Site; Gilead, Maine 04217. Questions. Questions concerning this RFQ or requests for clarification must be made in writing via email to the Contract Specialist, daniel.s.bibeau.mil@army.mil. The due date for questions will be 3:00 PM EST on April 8th, 2026. As soon as a vendor is aware of any problems or ambiguities in interpreting the specifications, terms/conditions, instructions or evaluation criteria of this RFQ, the Offeror should promptly notify the Contracting Officer. It is preferred that only one set of questions be submitted by each vendor instead of multiple sets of questions. When submitting questions and comments, please refer to the specific text of the RFQ in the following format: Subject: Maine Army National Guard (MEARNG) 488th Catered Meals- RFQ No. W912JD26QA012. The Government is not obligated to provide responses to all questions submitted by vendors, but will consider the responses, consolidate them, and submit responses onto https://www.sam. gov. All information relating to this RFQ, including changes/amendments and information prior to the date set for receipt of quotes will be posted on https://www.sam.gov. The Service Contract Act: Wage Determination: 2015-4009 - Rev No. 32 - Dated 12-3-25. Cover Letter General: Provide an introduction page to include CAGE code, Unique Entity Identification (UEI), and Tax Identification Number (TIN). Also include your Small Business Administration (SBA) certification for you socioeconomic status, e.g. small business, women owned, HUBZone, etc. The cover letter submission must be signed by an officer of the quoter's company authorized tocommit the company; must indicate that the quote is valid for 90 days from the date of the solicitation closing; must identify by name, title, phone number and email any person authorized tonegotiate on the quoter's behalf and should express the extent to the quoter's commitment toachieve the objectives of the solicitation and comply with the terms and conditions of the contract. Any significant deviation to the contract should be indicated, including one's reasons. Volume I, Quote General: Your quote must consist of the following: (1) Standard Form 1449, Solicitation/Contract /Order for Commercial Items, with blocks 12, 17, and 30 completed by you (including any amendments issued). (2) Standard Form 1449, Solicitation/Contract/Order for Commercial Items, Section SF 1449 - Continuation Sheet (Schedule of Supplies/Services), with your proposed prices inserted in the appropriate blank spaces. (3) Quoters must ensure that all clauses and provisions that require "fill in" information are appropriately completed, including the proposed prices associated with the contract line items in the Schedule of the RFQ. The completion and submission of the above items of information will constitute your quote and written assent to perform in accordance with the terms of this RFQ. Volume II,Technical: General: Each quoter's technical quote will be evaluated to determine if the quoter provides a sound, compliant approach that meets the requirements in the performance work statement and demonstrates a thorough knowledge and understanding of those requirements. Quoter's technicalquote will not be compared to another quoter's technical quote. If a quoter receives a technical rating of "unacceptable" they will receive a fail rating and will not be considered for contract award. Factor 1: The Technical factor is further divided into the following subfactors: a. Subfactor 1: The offeror must possess a current American National Standard Institute (ANSI) - Conference for Food Protection (Serve Safe) - (or a similar accredited program). The government will not be liable for the cost of the certification. The ANSI Accreditation certificate can be found at: ANAB - ANSI National Accreditation Board. b. Subfactor 2: The offeror must provide a copy of a current Food Service Establishment Health\Inspection Report. All food service establishments must meet and maintain the following Health Code Requirements: I. Food inspection letter grade of "B" or equivalent II. Food inspection compliance rating of "Good Compliance" or equivalent c. Subfactor 3: The offeror must submit a capability statement that they can provide meals on a 3- day catering menu rotation (Technical Exhibit 2 of the PWS) If the vendor intends to utilize a sub-vendor for this requirement, the prime vendor must submit a signed copy of TE 4 from the PWS, certifying that the sub-vendor is capable of fulfilling the Government's needs. If Prime vendor is utilizing more than one (1) sub-vendor, provide a list of names of each subvendor with contact information. Volume III, Past Performance General: Offerors must provide relevant experience (for this purpose, experience refers to what an offeror has done, not how well it was accomplished) in performing proposed processes and procedures from the past three years. Past performance information may be obtained from any sources available to the Government. For example, the Government may retrieve past performance information from the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), GSA, or Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS). As a result, this RFQ does not include a past performance information submittal from quoters Discussions: The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror's initial offer should contain the offeror's best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. To meet compliance with DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests, all Contractors must submit requests for payment (invoices) through PIEE. Additional information and registration for PIEE can be completed online at https://wawf.eb.mil /piee-landing/. Payment will be made by DFAS office designated in the contract. All payments will be made by electronic transfer of funds (EFT). The Government will make payment through PIEE upon satisfactory completion of work and the receipt of a proper certification for payment.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Daniel Bibeau
  - Email: daniel.s.bibeau.mil@army.mil
  - Phone: 2074306219
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Darlene HOWES
  - Email: darlene.r.howes.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 2074305608

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of the PWS) If the vendor intends to utilize a sub-vendor for this requirement, the prime vendor must submit a signed copy of TE 4 from the PWS, certifying that the sub-vendor is capable of fulfilling the Government"s needs. If Prime vendor is utilizing more than one (1) sub-vendor, provide a list of names of each subvendor with contact information. Volume III, Past Performance General: Offerors must provide relevant experience (for this purpose, experience refers to what an offeror has done, not how well it was accomplished) in performing proposed processes and procedures from the past three years. Past performance information may be obtained from any sources available to the Government. For example, the Government may retrieve past performance information from the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), GSA, or Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS). As a result, this RFQ does not include a past performance information submittal from quoters Discussions: The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror"s initial offer should contain the offeror"s best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. To meet compliance with DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests, all Contractors must submit requests for payment (invoices) through PIEE. Additional information and registration for PIEE can be completed online at https://wawf.eb.mil /piee-landing/. Payment will be made by DFAS office designated in the contract. All payments will be made by electronic transfer of funds (EFT). The Government will make payment through PIEE upon satisfactory completion of work and the receipt of a proper certification for payment

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a18b11d67de74ecd974d22cdf5bb4f78/view)