---
layout: default
title: DA10--Oracle Retail and Store Inventory Management (SIM) SaaS Migration (VA-26-00059598)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: bd4d305a27da4d918bac46c2f26a7dc2
---

# DA10--Oracle Retail and Store Inventory Management (SIM) SaaS Migration (VA-26-00059598)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 10:29:14.951-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0323
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Information Oracle Retail and Store Inventory Management (SIM) SaaS Migration 36C10B26Q0323 (VA-26-00059598) Introduction This Request for Information (RFI) is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered an Invitation for Bid, Request for Task Execution Plan, Request for Quotation, or a Request for Proposal. Additionally, there is no obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services described in this RFI. Your response to this RFI will be treated only as information for the Government to consider. You will not be entitled to payment for direct or indirect costs that you incur in responding to this RFI. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter into negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated or received for this effort. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to pay for the information submitted in response to this RFI. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 541512- Computer Systems Design Services with a size standard of $34 million. 2. Submittal Information: All responsible sources may submit a response in accordance with the below information. There is a page limitation for this RFI of (15) pages. The Government will not review any other information or attachments included, that are in excess of the (15) page limit. NO MARKETING MATERIALS ARE ALLOWED AS PART OF THIS RFI. Generic capability statements will not be accepted or reviewed. Your response must address capabilities specific to the services required in the attached PWS and must include the following: Interested Vendors shall at a minimum, provide the following information in the initial paragraph of the submission: Name of Company Address Point of Contact Phone Number Fax Number Email address Company Business Size and Status For VOSB and SDVOSBs, proof of verification in SBA VetCert. NAICS code(s) Socioeconomic data Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number Existing Contractual Vehicles (GWAC, FSS, or MAC) Provide a summary of your capability to meet the requirements contained within the Draft PWS. Please review Attachment A titled RFI Questions for Industry Responses Oracle upgrade and provide responses to Government questions to Industry with your capability statements. Corporate experience or expertise in performing these services and specific examples or references. Specific examples or references provided must include the agency, point of contact, dollar value, and contract number. Your company s intent and ability to meet the set aside requirement in accordance with VAAR 852.219-73 (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VA Notice of Total Set-Aside For Certified SDVOSBs and 13 CFR Â§125.6, which states the contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to the prime for contract performance to firms that are notÂ certifiedÂ SDVOSBsÂ listed in the SBA certification databaseÂ (excluding direct costs to the extent they are not the principal purpose of the acquisition and the SDVOSB/VOSB does not provide the service, such as airline travel, cloud computing services, or mass media purchases). When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract. If you are an authorized Oracle distributor, or re-seller please provide authorization letter from the OEM (this letter will not count towards your page limit). Has the draft PWS provided sufficient detail to describe the technical requirements that encompass the software development and production operations support services to be performed under this effort. ______ YES _______ NO (if No, answer question g.) If NO , please provide your technical comments/recommendations on elements of the draft PWS that may contribute to a more accurate proposal submission and efficient, cost-effective effort. 3. Response information Responses are due no later than (13:00 EST), (4/17/2026) via email to Contract Specialists Justin Daniel at Justin.Daniel@va.gov and Sean Doyle, at Sean.Doyle@va.gov and Evan Schlisserman, Contracting Officer at Evan.Schlisserman@va.gov. Please note Oracle Retail and Store Inventory Management (SIM) SaaS Migration in the subject line of your response. Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information is considered business sensitive. The email file size shall not exceed 5 MB. **Please note this RFI will be posted at: System For Award Management (SAM.gov). Interested vendors only need to reply to one of these postings.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Justin Daniel
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Justin.Daniel@va.gov
  - Phone: 706-833-7261

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: titled RFI Questions for Industry Responses Oracle upgrade and provide responses to Government questions to Industry with your capability statements. Corporate experience or expertise in performing these services and specific examples or references. Specific examples or references provided must include the agency, point of contact, dollar value, and contract number. Your company s intent and ability to meet the set aside requirement in accordance with VAAR 852.219-73 (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VA Notice of Total Set-Aside For Certified SDVOSBs and 13 CFR Â§125.6, which states the contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to the prime for contract performance to firms that are notÂ certifiedÂ SDVOSBsÂ listed in the SBA certification databaseÂ (excluding direct costs to the extent they are not the principal purpose of the acquisition and the SDVOSB/VOSB does not provide the service, such as airline travel, cloud computing services, or mass media purchases). When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract. If you are an authorized Oracle distributor, or re-seller please provide authorization letter from the OEM (this letter will not count towards your page limit). Has the draft PWS provided sufficient detail to describe the technical requirements that encompass the software development and production operations support services to be performed under this effort. ______ YES _______ NO (if No, answer question g.) If NO , please provide your technical comments/recommendations on elements of the draft PWS that may contribute to a more accurate proposal submission and efficient, cost-effective effort. 3. Response information Responses are due no later than (13:00 EST), (4/17/2026) via email to Contract Specialists Justin Daniel at Justin.Daniel@va.gov and Sean Doyle, at Sean.Doyle@va.gov and Evan Schlisserman, Contracting Officer at Evan.Schlisserman@va.gov. Please note Oracle Retail and Store Inventory Management (SIM) SaaS Migration in the subject line of your response. Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information is considered business sensitive. The email file size shall not exceed 5 MB. **Please note this RFI will be posted at: System For Award Management (SAM.gov). Interested vendors only need to reply to one of these postings

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bd4d305a27da4d918bac46c2f26a7dc2/view)