---
layout: default
title: NOI-Service/maintenance agreement for the Lab2Lab pneumatic tubing system
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 20fffa511da943c288214d7f526a28e8
---

# NOI-Service/maintenance agreement for the Lab2Lab pneumatic tubing system

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 09:55:50.436-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00247

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source SOLICITATION NUMBER: 75N98026Q00247 TITLE: Service/maintenance agreement for the Lab2Lab pneumatic tubing system RESPONSE DATE: May 4, 2026, at 4:00 pm EST. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: Jaddua Johnston jaddua.johnston@mail.nih.gov Phone: 240-569-0006 INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The Analytical Chemisty Core (ACC) at National Center for Advancing Translational Science (NCATS) requires a service/maintenance agreement covering the Lab2Lab pneumatic tubing system to help ensure its continuing operation and functionality. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance @ $34,000,000. This acquisition is NOT set aside for small businesses. REGULATORY AUTHORITY This acquisition will be conducted using FAR Part 12 – Acquisition of Commercial Items in conjunction with FAR Part 13 – Simplified Acquisition Procedures, as applicable. The resultant contract will include all appropriate provisions and clauses in effect through the current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC). STATUTORY AUTHORITY This acquisition is being conducted under the authority of: FAR 6.302-1 – Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements (41 U.S.C. 3304(a)(1)) DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: The National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS) focuses on getting more treatments to more patients more quickly. Several thousand genetic diseases affect humans, of which only about 500 have any treatment. NCATS is directly addressing this problem by discovering new technologies and other approaches that could greatly accelerate the process of developing and deploying solutions that can be used by all translational researchers. The Analytical Chemistry Core (ACC) provides analytical chemistry services involving the isolation, purification, identification, and analysis of therapeutic modalities for targeted disease states. This is accomplished through the development and usage of the SMART Centralized Sample Purification and Processing Platform. A key aspect of this platform is the utilization of LCMS analysis throughout all stages of the workflow for reaction monitoring, identity verification, and purity analysis of the desired compounds. As a means of improving efficiency and increasing productivity, the ACC implemented the SPT Labtech Lab2Lab Pneumatic Sample Transport System, which sends 2D-barcoded minitubes between labs, storage systems, and analytical instrumentation. Besides having the LCMS systems centrally located near the Analytical Chemistry lab space for ease of oversight and maintenance, precious bench space was freed up due to fewer instruments required for the same number of chemists, as well as sample tracking capabilities and maximization of instrument usage. The central components of the Lab2Lab system and the analytical LCMS instrumentation are located within the Analytical Chemistry lab but the medicinal chemists are spread throughout 3 defined lab spaces across two buildings. The Lab2Lab system is comprised of an alarm, three (3x) receivers, buffer, retrieval bin, three (3x) senders, and a router. It is imperative that DPI scientists have ready access to the Lab2Lab system for constant sample submission for analysis. Any operational downtime due to malfunctioning will lead to a loss in productivity and a delay in projects. Therefore, it is necessary to acquire an annual service agreement for the SPT Labtech Lab2Lab system for continuous operation with optimal performance. Period of Performance: To commence upon award, 5/6/2026 and to continue for one (1x) calendar year ending 5/5/2027. SCOPE OF WORK General Requirements: Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to perform the Statement of Work below: Specific Requirements: The SPT Labtech Lab2Lab pneumatic tubing system is comprised of the following components: an alarm, three (3x) receivers, buffer, retrieval bin, three (3x) senders, and a router. Serial numbers for : LT-AL-0010, LT-HR-0027, LT-AR-0009, LT-HR-0030, CON112, LT-BN-0015, LT-MS-0083, LT_MS-0084, LT-MS-0092, LT-RT-0022. This service agreement coverage of the Lab2Lab pneumatic tubing system is to include: Telephone and remote access support Software Updates Remote Application Support Annual preventative maintenance (PM) visit Including travel, expenses and labor Including replacement parts On-site Repair and Refurbishment Including travel, expenses and labor Includes replacement parts LEVEL OF EFFORT: N/A GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES Government will provide access to Lab2Lab pneumatic system for repairs as needed. DELIVERY OR DELIVERABLES One (1x) service agreement for the coverage of the Lab2Lab pneumatic system. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS N/A OTHER CONSIDERATIONS Travel: Government is not responsibe for travel Key Personnel: Service technician should be certified in servicing systems like the one listed above. CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, SPT Labtch Inc is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NCATS. The equipment is proprietary to its manufacturer, SPT Labtch Inc , and this company is the sole provider of maintenance for this equipment. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only SPT Labtch Inc is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: SPT Labtch Inc 677 Arrow Grand CIR Covina, California 91722-2146, United States CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, 75N98026Q00247. Responses must be submitted electronically to Jaddua Johnston, Contract Specialist at Jaddua.Johnston@nih.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jaddua Johnston
  - Email: jaddua.johnston@nih.gov
  - Phone: 2405690006

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/20fffa511da943c288214d7f526a28e8/view)