---
layout: default
title: 6515--SALISBURY HCC OR SURGICAL LIGHT-EQUIPMENT AND ANESTHESIA BOOMS
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 25bdb54af3f04c88a75ea8df1d3b524a
---

# 6515--SALISBURY HCC OR SURGICAL LIGHT-EQUIPMENT AND ANESTHESIA BOOMS

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 10:18:02.689-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24626Q0418
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Page 4 of 4 Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 4 DESCRIPTION THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This notice does NOT constitute a request for proposals, request for quote, or invitation for bid. No formal solicitation document exists at this time. We are seeking information for market research purposes only. The Government will not pay for any information solicited. INTRODUCTION: The Salisbury VA Medical Center/Health Care System (SVAHCS) has a new requirement for OR Lights Equipment and Anesthesia Boom with deinstallation/installation. This requirement is needed for both Kernersville Health Care Center (HCC) and Charlotte Health Care Center (HCC). The VHA Network Contracting Office 6 (NCO 6) is conducting a market survey to find qualified vendors who can provide the following item: SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Hammerhead (Horizontal) Anesthesia Boom: Anesthesia boom must be horizontal console configuration (hammerhead) Anesthesia boom must be 30 or less in width due to space Anesthesia boom must feature electromechanical braking system with backup friction braking system for improved patient and staff safety. Anesthesia boom must have the ability to rotate 340 degrees, to prevent internal wiring from twisting/damage Anesthesia boom must support up to 12 Gases, and 16 Electrical Duplexes. Distance from center of ceiling bearing to center of adapter bearing must be 38.5 39.5 (normal arm) Distance from center of adapter bearing to center of console bearing must be 38.5 39.5 (v series arm) Total length of arms from center of ceiling bearing to center of console bearing must not be greater than 78 due to the size of the room. Total weight of Anesthesia Boom must not be greater than 575 lbs. Total weight of Boom with additional payload must not be greater than 1110 lbs. Anesthesia Boom Ceiling mount must retrofit onto existing structural plate such that revisions and/or modifications are not required. Features: Each unit must have electrical and gas outlet integration: Qty One (1) Hammerhead 30" (3 Panel) with standard Panels Qty Two (2) DISS Oxygen Outlet and Hose Assembly for US Qty Two (2) DISS Medical Air Outlet and Hose Assembly for US Qty Two (2) DISS N20 Outlet and Hose Assembly for US Qty One (1) DISS WAGD Outlet and Hose Assembly for US Qty Two (2) DISS VAC Outlet and Hose Assembly for US (slide included) Qty Four (4) 20 A Hospital Grade Emergency Duplex Receptacle Assembly Qty Thirteen (13) Blank Electrical Receptacles to allow for expansion Qty 2 (2) Blank Data Receptacles to allow for expansion Anesthesia horizontal boom must have vertical and horizontal movement. Must have two control handles for braking and up/down movement. Must have seamless design for easy cleaning for infection control. Must have easily removable top covers for maintenance or servicing. Must have intuitive electric braking system with built-in backup friction brake. Input Voltage: 100 - 240 VAC. Must have - Brake Type: Spring tensioned, solenoid actuated brake. Torque: 520 lbs-in. Materials: Arms: High strength powder-coated aluminum. Bearing Housings: High strength Zinc Plated steel. Console: Anodized Aluminum Extrusions with powder-coated steel panels. Surgical Light Quad Ceiling, 30M/30M/Two Single Monitor Holders Lighting: LED technology for superior illumination. Mount: Quad ceiling mount, providing stable and multiple points of light sourcing. Must retrofit onto existing structural plate such that revisions and/or modifications are not required. Configuration: Consists of single post with four (4) boom arms. Two (2) boom arms for 30M surgical lights and two (2) boom arms for single display monitors. Monitor arms should be a dual arm configuration with the top arm being 44.5 - 45.5 long and the bottom arm being 32.5 33.5 long. Must have payload rating of at least 45 lbs. Light arm 1 should be a dual arm configuration with the top arm being 38.5 39.5 long and the bottom arm being 32.5 33.5 long. Light arm 2 should be a dual arm configuration with the top arm being 32.5 33.5 long and the bottom arm being 32.5 33.5 long. Total System weight must not exceed 535 lbs. Must have interior routing of cables to provide equipment protection and increased infection control. Surgical Light Field Size: Adjustable with configurations 30M/30M (referring to 30cm diameter each). Monitor Holders: Includes two single monitor holders. Features: Must have high-efficiency, low-heat LED, adjustable light intensity and focus. Long lifespan with low maintenance cost. Must have shadow control and depth lighting. Surgical lights must be 29 - 31 in diameter. Surgical lights must consist of at minimum 80 main LED lights and 320 supporting LED lights. Surgical lights must have individually replaceable LED lights. Surgical lights must have backup circuit board for continuity of use. Surgical lights must feature four (4) color temperatures, 3500k, 4000k, 4500k, and 5000k. Surgical lights will have light intensity of 160,000 lux for adequate illumination of surgical site. Surgical lights must feature sterile field control allowing users to adjust ON and OFF with capacitive touch smart handle and adjustable light brightness with capacitive touch smart handle. Brightness Control: 50 - 100% (5% in Endo Mode). Color Rendering Index (Ra): 97. R9: >90. R13: >97. Surgical light field diameter must be 7.6 12 Light field diameter must be controlled manually, not electronically. Surgical LED lights must be rated for minimum of 60,000 hours. Surgical light must feature aerodynamic design with laminar flow openings, minimum of four (4) laminar flow inlets. Surgical lights must have minimum five (5) brightness levels to allow user to provide most appropriate illumination based on surgeon need. Surgical lights must feature an ambient lighting/endoscopy mode for minimally invasive surgery. Surgical lights must have low heat emission to reduce tissue drying and enhance staff comfort. Surgical lights must offer seamless design for easy cleaning. Equipment Boom Weight Capacity: Minimum 650 lbs. Voltage: 115V for US standards Type: Equipment Boom Description: Designed to manage and organize medical equipment within clinical environments. Electrical and gas outlet integration. Modular and customizable. Equipment boom must have rotation: Up to 340°. Equipment boom must have minimum of eight rails for mounting accessories. Equipment boom must have hinged door to access all internal boom components. Equipment boom must support up to four (4) Gases; eight (8) Electrical Duplexes with eight (8) 20A circuits; and eight (8) data jacks. Shelves: Must have three to six shelves configuration. Equipment boom must have shelf weight rating up to 150 lbs. Equipment boom must be able to support a maximum weight load of 650 lbs. Equipment boom must include drawer capable of holding up to 25lbs. Equipment boom must have electromechanical braking system with spring actuated friction brake. Torque: 520 lbs-in. Equipment boom normal arm ceiling bearing to adapter bearing must be 46.5 47.5 , adapter bearing to console bearing normal arm must be 38.5 39.5 . Total length of Equipment boom arms should be no greater than 86 due room size constraints. Console bearing to console bearing drop to equipment boom must be 27 Equipment boom must be 41 console bearing to base. Shelves must be 23 depth. Medical gas outlets must be manufactured by the same brand as boom manufacturer. Equipment boom accessories and boom mounted monitor arms must be manufactured by the boom manufacturer. Each unit must have: (1) 12.5" X 14" C40 Console (1) Electrically Articulating Mounting Assembly (1) DISS Oxygen Outlet and Hose Assembly US (1) DISS Medical Air Outlet and Hose Assembly US (1) DISS Carbon Dioxide Outlet and Hose Assembly US (2) DISS VAC Outlet and Hose Assembly US with slide included (1) Nitrogen Control Panel Assembly (8) 20 A hospital Grade Emergency Duplex Receptacle Assembly (4) Blank Provision for Data (1) 18" x 23 Console Shelf Assembly with front handle (1) 18" x 23 Console Shelf Assembly with side rails (1) Console Shelf 18 x 23 Cubby Assembly (3) Add on for shelf mounting on 12.5" or 14" console OBJECTIVE: The objective of this project is to upgrade the operating room facilities at the Kernersville Health Care Center (KER HCC) and the Charlotte Health Care Center (CVC HCC) by removing the outdated OR equipment and installing new, state-of-the-art surgical lights, equipment booms, anesthesia booms, and dual monitor arms in a total of eight (8) operating rooms four (4) at each HCC location. The scope of work includes: Removal of existing OR equipment booms, anesthesia booms, surgical lights, and dual monitor arms. Installation of new OR equipment booms, anesthesia booms, dual surgical lights, and dual monitor arms. Supply of all required equipment and materials for both removal and installation. The applicable North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this effort is 339113 with the Small Business Size Standard of 800 employees. If the Government determines there are qualified vendors with this requirement, a solicitation may be published and posted on the Contracting Opportunities website https://sam.gov/content/home . The Government will use this information solely to determine the appropriate acquisition strategy for this procurement. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary; the Government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the Government. Respondents to these Sources Sought shall provide the following information: Capability statement Name and address of company NAICS Code SAM.gov UEI number Business size (large, small, VOSB, or SDVOSB) Place of manufacture (if the requirement involves supplies) Identify applicable socioeconomic categories and any pertinent information which demonstrates the firm s ability to meet above requirement. An authorized distributor letter if the interested party is not the manufacturer Country of origin for all equipment. All responses shall be submitted no later than 12:00 PM EDT Friday 01 May 2026. All interested parties should respond, in writing via email to kamilah.nye@va.gov. No telephone inquiries will be accepted. Please title the subject line for all responses as: Sources Sought OR Lights Equipment and Anesthesia Boom, 36C24626Q0418-1. Locations where deliveries are needed: Salisbury VA Health Care System: Kernersville Health Care Center (HCC) 1625 Kernersville Medical Parkway Kernersville, NC 27284 Charlotte Health Care Center (HCC) 3506 W. Tyvola Rd. Charlotte, NC 28208

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kamilah Nye
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kamilah.nye@va.gov
  - Phone: 757-315-2510

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/25bdb54af3f04c88a75ea8df1d3b524a/view)