---
layout: default
title: N0010426QLB36
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 3ce2fb4b78d0411f86634d6503003b68
---

# N0010426QLB36

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 08:40:02.464-04
- Solicitation Number: 23230-0232

## Summary

TEARDOWN, EVALUATE, REPAIR AND/OR MODIFY 0001 NSN 7HH 4320-01-278-2352 PP MOTOR,HYDRAULIC SHELF LIFE 0-00 SEE TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS IN SECTIONS C, D, E, AND ATTACHMENTS HM QUP ICQ PMT CD PM WM CUD CT UC LP IC UCL SP MK PACK UNIT PKWT UNIT PKCU OPI N 001 000 20 1 89 GB JC H ED A 00 O 24 EQQ 36.3

2.000 M PACKAGING IS IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-2073 SHIP TO 0001AA N00104-23-U-3882 W25G1U 1 EA M/F: "A" CONDITION STOCK TP: 3 0001AB OPTION QTY UP TO 100% OF ITEM 0001 SOLICITATION NOTES: ** Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ** If your company has a Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) for the items under this solicitation, the following applies to this solicitation and the resultant contract: This solicitation ¨resultant order) is issued under and pursuant to the provisions of the Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA). The terms and conditions of the Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference and, except as provided herein by this order, remain in full force and effect. If any conflict arises in the terms of this solicitation ¨resultant order) order versus the terms in the BOA, the terms of the BOA shall apply. All freight is FOB Origin. This RFQ is for repair. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor’s written acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. The Government is seeking a Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) of: ________ Government Source Inspection (GSI) is required. Please note freight is handled by Navy CAV or Proxy CAV as stated in NAVSUPWSSFA24 or NAVSUPWSSFA25. Your quote should include the following information: ***************QUOTE AMOUNT AND RTAT *************** * Unit Price:__________ * Total Price:__________* Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): _______ days If your company is not quoting the Government’s Required Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) or earlier, provide your company’s capacity constraints? _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor?s facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. *Check one: Firm-fixed-Price ___ Estimated ___ NTE ___ *Return Material Authorization # (RMA), if applicable:__________ *Delivery Vehicle (if Delivery Order requested) (if your company has a current BOA/IDIQ, for example) :__________________ ***************TESTING AND EVALUATION IF BEYOND REPAIR*************** * T&E fee/price (if asset is determined BR/BER): If an item is determined BR, and the contractor provides documentation that costs were incurred during evaluation and determination of BR, the contracting officer will negotiate a reduced contract price, not-to exceed (NTE) $___________associated with the repair effort to reflect the BR status of the equipment. * The T&E fee (if asset is determined BR/BER) was determined/computed based on:______________________________________.***************AWARDEE INFO & PERFORMANCE LOCATION*************** * Awardee CAGE: __________ *Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not same as "awardee CAGE": __________ * Facility/Subcontractor CAGE (where the asset should be shipped), if not same as "awardee CAGE":__________ *************** IOT COMPARE REPAIR PRICE TO PRICE TO BUY NEW*************** *New unit price:__________ *New unit delivery lead-time:__________ IMPORTANT NOTE: Any assets for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction of $_______ per unit per month. This adjustment will be implemented via a Reconciliation Modification at the end of contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Government’s right to terminate for default. Reconciliation A reconciliation modification will be issued after final Inspection and acceptance of all assets inducted under this contract. The parties have agreed to a price (shown on the schedule page) for each unit at the negotiated RTAT. Such prices are based on the Contractor meeting the RTAT requirements d escribed within the schedule page. If the Contractor does not meet the applicable RTAT requirement, the price adjustment as stated shall be applicable. The following applies to this purchase order: If you do not receive the material within 30 days of the contract date, Contractor shall contact the cognizant Contract Specialist by email at joshua.j.eshleman.civ@us.navy.mil or phone at (771)229-0428. CAV reporting is required under this contract. Contractor will perform Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) using the CAV process as defined by the CAV Statement of Work. Upon receipt of correct "F" condition and asset induction into CAV, please begin to immediately evaluate. If an asset under repair is determined to be beyond repair, written notification from DCMA Quality Assurance must accompany the definitive price quote. Disposition instructions for the disposition of the beyond repair asset will be provided to the Contractor by the PCO via a contract modification. All disposition shall be in accordance with DFARS 252.245-7005. Authorization to definitize the estimated unit price is delegated to the PCO and will be executed via modification. DCMA as the administrative office may issue modifications against this contract only as delegated by the PCO. DCMA should provide the contractor and the PCO with a copy of any modifications to the contract.DCMA must provide inspection and acceptance of all unit(s) under this contract prior to shipment. Failure to ensure DCMA inspection and acceptance occurs prior to shipment will prevent or delay payment. ALL TRANSPORTATION FOR THIS ORDER IS HANDLED BY THE US NAVY. Contractor shall contact the Advanced Traceability and Control program referred to as ATAC. To arrange pick-up services, call ATAC Customer Service at Phone (877) 846-8728 or Dispatch at (866) 215-3084. EMAIL questions to: ATACCustomerService@navy.mil. NAVSUPWSS POC: JOSHUA.J.ESHLEMAN.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL **OPTION** The Contract Officer would like to exercise a 100% option quantity within 365 days of the effective date of contract award. The contractor will provide the same delivery turnaround as the base line items. A modification will be completed at the time the option is exercised and all current contract terms and conditions will apply to the option quantity. Please indicate if the Contracting Officer may exercise the 100% option quantity for this contract. Yes __ or No __ Please indicate the pricing for the option quantity. Price Each: $___________ INSPECTION AT ORIGIN ACCEPTANCE AT ORIGIN POC EMAIL: JOSHUA.J.ESHLEMAN.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: JOSHUA ESHLEMAN
  - Email: JOSHUA.J.ESHLEMAN.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Phone: 771-229-0428

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3ce2fb4b78d0411f86634d6503003b68/view)