---
layout: default
title: SECURITY PROGRAM AND COMPLIANCE SUPPORT SERVICES FOR THE PROTECTION OF PERSONNEL, INFORMATION, AND ASSETS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e58d2fc787ce48b099622a1d13d9defc
---

# SECURITY PROGRAM AND COMPLIANCE SUPPORT SERVICES FOR THE PROTECTION OF PERSONNEL, INFORMATION, AND ASSETS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 14:19:14.139-04
- Solicitation Number: N0016426SNB59

## Summary

INFORMATIONAL PURPOSE ONLY. Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC), Crane Division Contracting Department, Crane, IN, requests information from SeaPort-NxG MAC holders (Prime/Subcontractors) in reference to the attached Statement of Work (SOW) for planning and market research purposes. This effort is in support of the Crane Security Services (Code 105) at NSWC Crane for non-personal professional support services including information security, personnel security, physical security, industrial security, communications security, operations security, and other supporting disciplines for the Security Division. This Task Order (TO) will support organizations and projects base-wide and will be pertinent to the Corporate Operations Department and its customers. Requirements consist of the following task areas: SECURITY FUNCTIONAL & COMPLIANCE SUPPORT INFORMATION SECURITY (INFOSEC) SUPPORT PERSONNEL SECURITY (PERSEC) SUPPORT SECURITY EDUCATION, TRAINING, AND AWARENESS (SETA) SUPPORT INDUSTRIAL SECURITY (INDUSEC) SUPPORT INSIDER THREAT SUPPORT PHYSICAL SECURITY (PHYSEC) SUPPORT EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) SUPPORT SPECIAL SECURITY OFFICE (SSO) SUPPORT SENSITIVE ACTIVITY & INTELLIGENCE-RELATED CONTRACTING SUPPORT OPERATIONS SECURITY (OPSEC) SUPPORT VISITOR AND ACCESS CONTROL SUPPORT, SECURITY COORDINATOR, AND SECURITY RESPOSE TEAM SUPPORT SERVICES This is a sources sought/RFI purpose is to determine the availability and technical capability to provide the required services for each Task Area(s). Additionally, this notice is being published with the intent to conduct market research, determine the availability of small business concern participation as either prime or subcontractors, and promote competition. Small Business responses may include capability per Task Area(s). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code identified for this requirement is 541330, Engineering Services. The Product Service Code (PSC) is: R425-Support-Professional: Engineering/Technical R408-Support-Professional: Program Management/Support This notice is not a request for proposals and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. Responses will not be considered as proposals and no award will be made as a result of this notice. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for information received in response to this notice. Sources choosing to respond to this notice are wholly responsible for any costs/expenses associated with submitting a response. Respondents will not be notified of the results of this sources sought notice. The information obtained from submitted responses may be used in development of an acquisition strategy and future solicitation. When/if the Government issues an RFP, interested parties will be expected to thoroughly address the requirements thereof regardless of the circumstances surrounding this sources sought. Services associated with this requirement are currently being procured via a portion of the following two task orders: This is a direct follow on to: Contract Number – N0017819D8321/N0016421F3015 Contractor - Precise Systems, Inc. In addition, the Lock Shop and Electronic Security Systems (on-base) tasking included is currently being procured via: Contract Number - N0017819D8470/N0016422F3002 Contractor – Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) Required Capabilities: NSWC Crane is considering one, Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (CPFF), Level of Effort (LOE) type contract(s) with a one-year base and four (4) option years. In response to this sources sought, companies shall provide written capability statements that demonstrate their ability to successfully perform the required services for each Task Area. In order for the Government to consider setting aside any of the potential task areas, Small Business Primes, along with similar situated subcontractors, must show that they can perform more than 50% of the effort as the small business concern. The total LOE is estimated at 106 FTEs per year or 1,014,809 hours plus 10% surge labor hours for the life of the contract. A summary of the labor mix is provided as an attachment. Also included is the overall percentage estimated of labor hours by Task Area. SECURITY REQUIRMENTS: This Task Order will have security requirements for eligibility. In accordance with DFARS 252.239-7001, Information Assurance Contracting Training and Certification herein and SECNAV M-5239.2* dated June 2016, all personnel performing Cyber IT/Cybersecurity functions must be training and qualified. In addition, personnel shall maintain the appropriate security clearance per SECNAV M-5510.30 to perform the tasks associated with their assigned positions. The Contractor is required to maintain a TOP SECRET – SCI Facility Security Clearance level. There is no safeguarding requirement for classified information/material in accordance with the DD-254. Responses: Respondents should submit responses in electronic format either Microsoft Office Suite 365 or later compatible and/or Adobe 25.x or later compatible formats. The purpose of the sources sought is to identify all potential SeaPort-NxG sources to be capable of performing the resultant Task Order(s) via a fair consideration/opportunity limited to all SeaPort-NxG MAC holders (Prime/Subcontract). Therefore, only responses from SeaPort-NxG MAC holders will be considered as part of the market research. Responses must: Reference N0016426SNB59. Be provided electronically only to Heather Krout @ email: heather.m.krout.civ@us.navy.mil and Heather Howard @ email: heather.a.howard25.civ@us.navy.mil no later than 22 April 2026. It should be noted that telephone replies will not be accepted. Include the name, position, telephone number, and e-mail address of the Industry Point of Contact (POC) for technical and contractual issues. Be typed in Times New Roman font with 12-point type size and not exceed 10 pages. A page is considered as one side of a sheet 8 ½ inches by 11 inches. Include the business size status of the prime and all anticipated team members. MAC Contract Number. Proprietary information, if any, must be clearly marked. To aid the Government in its review and evaluation, please segregate proprietary information. Classified material SHALL NOT be submitted. Contractors are encouraged to submit requests for clarification of the tasking outlined that may not be clearly understood. ALL questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing via e-mail to the Contract Specialist’s email address. Verbal questions will not be accepted. Questions shall not contain classified information. ATTACHMENTS: Draft SOW SOW Labor Mapping

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Heather Krout
  - Email: heather.m.krout.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Heather Howard
  - Email: heather.a.howard25.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e58d2fc787ce48b099622a1d13d9defc/view)