---
layout: default
title: J--Replace the existing pipelines in Port Orchard, WA
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 06a69f0d8b8b4164b92d4eed16b81087
---

# J--Replace the existing pipelines in Port Orchard, WA

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 17:10:38.974-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333MF26Q0014

## Summary

Purpose of Amendment 0001 is to post Post Question and Answers for 1333MF26Q0014. Questions are in Black and answers are in red. At this time an extension to 6am EST Thursday 3/12/26 is allowed. COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION UNDERWATER PIPELINE REPLACEMENT (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1333MF26Q0014 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for contractor services required to replace the existing pipelines under the float platform. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. The associated NAICS code is 238990. The small business size standard is $19M. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable). (Service) CLIN 0001 – Base Year Services, non-personal, to provide all labor, equipment and materials (unless otherwise provided herein) necessary for the replacement of the existing pipelines under the float platform at the North West Fisheries Science Center in Port Orchard, Washington, in accordance with the Statement of Work. Period of Performance, the contractor shall schedule work to start within 14 days of contract award. Contractor shall complete work by 17 April 2026. (iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102). See attached Statement of Work which applies to Base Year, and Department of Labor Wage Rates: WD 2015-5539, Revision No. 30, dated 12/03/2025, which can be found on: https://sam.gov/content/wage-determinations INVOICES TO BE BILLED IN ARREARS. PROVIDE UNIT AND TOTAL PRICING FOR THE REQUIREMENT. QUOTE PRICING MAY BE PROVIDED ON ATTACHED SF18 FORM OR ON COMPANY LETTERHEAD. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47). Period of performance shall be: the contractor shall schedule work to start within 14 days of contract award. Contractor shall complete work by 17 April 2026. Place of Performance is the NWFSC Manchester Research Station Marine Floating Complex located at 7305 Beach Drive, Port Orchard, WA 98366. (v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)) can be found on the Request for Quote Form SF18 attachment. RFO 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) (Deviation Jan 2026) NOTICE TO OFFERORS: Instructions for submitting quotations under this request for quote must be followed. Failure to provide all information to aid in the evaluation may be considered non-responsive. Offers that are non-responsive may be excluded from further evaluation and rejected without further notification to the offeror. 1. Submit PDF or Microsoft Word format quotations to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the time specified in the solicitation. Quote documents shall include signed copies of the SF 18 and SF 30(s) to acknowledge the solicitation and any applicable amendments. Email quotes are required and can be sent to SHAWANA.RANDOLPH@NOAA.GOV. 2. Offeror shall have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM found at https://sam.gov/content/home) in order to provide a quote and be eligible for award. Must provide their UEID/CAGE CODE with their quote. 3. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of them or their capability. 4. Offerors must provide all evaluation criteria in accordance with RFO 52.212-2. Offerors who do not provide all evaluation criteria may not be considered. RFO 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (Deviation Jan 2026) Offers will be evaluated based on price and the factors set forth in paragraph (a). The evaluation will consider the Non-Price Technical Solution (Technical Approach and Past Performance) to be significantly more important than price. However, as quotes are determined to be more equal in the non-price evaluation factor, price becomes more important and may become the determining factor for award. If, at any stage of the evaluation, all vendors are determined to have submitted equal, or virtually equal, Non-Price Technical Solutions, price could become the factor in determining which vendor will receive the award. The Government intends to evaluate the quotes and award a purchase order based on the Offeror’s initial quote; therefore, the Offeror’s initial quote should contain the Offeror’s best terms from a Non-Price Technical Solution and price standpoint. The Government reserves the right not to award a purchase order depending on the quality of the quote(s) submitted and the availability of funds. Furthermore, the Government may waive informalities and minor irregularities or omissions in quotes received. The Government may make award to other than the lowest-priced Offeror or the Offeror with the highest technical rating if the Contracting Officer determines that to do so would result in the best value to the Government. The Government will not make an award at a significantly higher overall price to achieve only slightly superior performance capability. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Paragraph (a) is hereby completed as follows: Evaluation will be based on the following: Technical Approach and Capability. The Offeror’s overall technical approach will be evaluated to assess the Government's level of confidence in the Offeror’s understanding of, approach to, and ability to successfully perform the requirements as described in the Statement of Work. Provide a detailed description of the company’s experience performing similar services. A detailed technical approach write-up describing how the Offeror will perform this service is required to be submitted with the quote regardless of whether a site visit was made or not. The technical approach write-up must not be a reiteration of the Statement of Work, but how your company plans on performing the tasks listed in the attached Statement of Work. (i.e. performance checklists, anticipated number of employees, anticipated hours at the facility and/or confirmation of supplies being provided, etc.) EXPERIENCE. The offeror's background, experience, and qualifications will be assessed to determine the likelihood that that offeror can successfully perform the contract requirements and the degree of the risk of non-performance. Price. The Government will evaluate the price quote for completeness and reasonableness in relation to the RFQ requirements. Quoted prices must be entirely compatible with the Non-Price Technical Solution. The Government intends to award a trade-off, single firm fixed-price purchase order on an all or none basis with payment terms of Net 30. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) RFO 52.237-1 Site Visit (Apr 1984) (Deviation Jan 2026) Offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. (End of provision) A site visit is highly recommended but not required. Vendors are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. Please contact James Hackett, Office: 360-871-8325, email: james.hackett@noaa.gov to set up a time to visit the site. All questions during the site visit should be submitted electronically to SHAWANA.RANDOLPH@NOAA.GOV. (vi) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)) can be found on the Request for Quote Form SF18 attachment. (vii) Quotes are required to be received in the contracting office no later than DATE AND TIME LISTED IN SAM.GOV POSTING. All quotes must be submitted electronically via email to SHAWANA.RANDOLPH@NOAA.GOV. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NON-RECEIPT OF QUOTES. IT IS THE CONTRACTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY TO REQUEST AND RECEIVE A CONFIRMATION OF THE QUOTE RECEIPT. CAM 1352.215-72 Inquiries (Apr 2010) OFFERORS MUST SUBMIT ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THIS SOLICITATION IN WRITING VIA EMAIL TO Shawana Randolph, at Shawana.Randolph@noaa.gov QUESTIONS SHOULD BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN THREE DAYS BEFORE RFQ CLOSE DATE. Any responses to questions will be made in writing, without identification of the questioner, and will be included in an amendment to the solicitation. Even if provided in other form, only the question responses included in the amendment to the solicitation will govern performance of the contract. (End of clause) (viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). Per NOAA Deviation 2025-02/03: System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Contracting officers will not consider those representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. UTILIZATION OF FEDCONNECT® FOR CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION The Department of Commerce will utilize the FedConnect® web portal in administering this award. The contractor must be registered in FedConnect® and have access to the FedConnect® website located at https://www.fedconnect.net/Fedconnect/. For assistance in registering or for other FedConnect® questions please call the FedConnect® Help Desk at (800) 899-6665 or email at support@fedconnect.net. There is no charge for registration in or use of FedConnect®. (End)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: RANDOLPH, SHAWANA
  - Email: SHAWANA.RANDOLPH@NOAA.GOV

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/06a69f0d8b8b4164b92d4eed16b81087/view)