---
layout: default
title: INL Guatemala Video Spectro Comparator
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 97507b9a189f470b818923c3226a403a
---

# INL Guatemala Video Spectro Comparator

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 14:41:12.924-04
- Solicitation Number: 191NLE26I0019

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice: 19INLE26I0019 - INL Guatemala Video Spectro Comparator (PCS: 6665; NAICS: 334516) Background: INL-G requires the purchase of the foster + freeman VSC 9000, or equivalent document examination workstation, for the Documents Laboratory of the National Institute of Forensic Sciences of Guatemala (INACIF). This purchase will accelerate forensic document examination and support the unit’s mission to improve the speed and accuracy of forensic evidence processing of forge currency, documents, visa fraud, amongst other that will impact FTO and Antimoney laundering investigations. This Sources Sought notice is issued for planning market research purposes only, and does not constitute a solicitation for proposals, offers, bids, and/or quotes. This is not an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation, or confirmation that the Government will contract for the items contained in the Sources Sought, nor is any commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract implied. Responses to this notice will assist the Government in identifying other existing technologies, potential sources of these technologies, and in determining if a Small Business set-aside of the solicitation is appropriate. This notice also seeks to determine if delivery of the necessary equipment can be delivered within 45-days of a potential award. Respondents are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Sources Sought. Responses to this notice will not be returned. The following information is requested in this RFI/Sources Sought: 1. Company name, point of contact, phone number, and address; 2. UEI Number and CAGE Code; 3. Interest in nature of participation [e.g., prime contractor, teaming partner, primary subcontractor]; 4. SDVOSB/HUBZONE/8(a)/WOSB or other SBA certification for applicable NAICS; 5. Statement of capabilities applicable to this requirement to include specifications necessary to confirm equivalency or exceedance of noted brand name; 6. MUST SPECIFY DELIVERY TIME. If unable to deliver within 45-days, please specify reasonable delivery times Interested contractors may provide the above information via e-mail to the addresses listed below. Information submitted must be in sufficient detail as to allow for a thorough government review of the firm's interest and capabilities. This information is due no later than Thursday April 16, 2026, at 5:00 PM EST. Primary Point of Contact: Michele Coccovizzo Senior Contract Support Specialist CoccovizzoML@state.gov Secondary Point of Contact: Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer TimmonsJ@state.gov Technical Specifications: The Contractor shall provide to the U.S. Government new, not previously used, foster + freeman VSC 9000 equipment, or technical equivalent, in strict compliance with the specifications at the agreed upon firm fixed price. SEE ATTACHED ANNEX A FOR FULL LIST OF TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS. TRAINING The Contractor shall conduct on-site training in SPANISH for the experts of the Document Laboratory in the handling and operation of the equipment, including both hardware and software components. Training shall be conducted by national or foreign personnel with training and experience in the field of forensic document examination systems; resume of trainer required. Training shall be coordinated with the Training Department and the Head of the Criminalistics Laboratories of INACIF. Target group: 40 expert personnel from the documents Laboratory shall be divided into two groups of 20 people, with two (2) training sessions for each group of eight (8) hours per session. Each group shall receive 16 hours of training. Content for the training shall include,but is not limited to: Generalities of equipment, software management, practical operation, fault detection, and common mispractices. Course evaluation (practical and written) and completion certificates for participants Post-training report including attendance, activities, and summary of outcomes MAINTENANCE This is a base year plus four (4) option years. Support Center End user and technical support via telephone and/or email for failure reporting. A 24/7 telephone hotline in Spanish with a call-back time within one (1) hour. Calls can be placed twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week. If support personnel are unavailable to answer the call immediately, the End User can leave a voice message and expect a return call within one hour. An internet email address shall be provided as well. Technical Support Each call or email shall generate an incident report with a unique number to track all support requests and activities. All services shall be done exclusively by certified field technicians. Support tasks shall be performed using the communication channels provided and INACIF shall follow the sequence: Telephone and email – for simple incidents where the user can be guided through a solution that does not require a support specialist. Remote support – shall be used for fast incident resolutions using a connection to the end user site using the end user provided support communication lines. Remote support shall be provided 24/7 by personnel assisted when required by product experts and developers. On-site diagnosis visit – if telephone, email, or remote support methods cannot resolve the incident. A site visit shall be arranged within 48 hours. On-site repair visit – If an on-site repair visit is required following the diagnosis, a visit from a certified field technician shall be arranged within no more than ten (10) calendar days along with the shipping of the spare parts. After the site-visit, a work order summary report shall be sent detailing the activities performed. Spare parts replacement shall be provided by Contractor within 48 hours. Contractor shall be responsible for the shipping costs and importation of the parts. INL will not provide any assistance in the customs clearance. For each incident, INACIF shall be provided with an estimated time required to resolve the incident. Preventive Maintenance Visits Contractor shall coordinate with INACIF no less than two (2) preventive maintenance visits per year to ensure the equipment runs at optimal performance. During the visit, the Field Technician will inspect, clean, lubricate, and adjust the system, and will perform visual and functional verifications. Contractor commits to providing technical support for the maintenance of the system, for five (05) years after the delivery and installation of the system. DELIVERY TO INL GUATEMALA All devices must be delivered by awarded contractor to INL Guatemala in a designated Miami warehouse as indicated below, no later than forty-five (45) calendar days after purchase order is awarded. Preparation for Delivery The equipment shall be clean, in new, not previously used condition, and must be in optimal operating conditions and quality. Since this order is ultimately intended for an overseas destination, please secure packing for a safe shipment. If the shipment will involve wood packaging material, then the packing and palletizing must conform to the standards in the International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures Publication No. 15: “Guidelines for Regulating Wood Packaging Material in International Trade” (ISPM15). Marking Instructions: Order No. / GUATE 11380 NW 34th ST SUVI Global Services Doral, FL 33178 WARRANTY The subject equipment shall be covered by the manufacturer’s standard warranty of 2 years. The Contractor shall be registered to do business in the host country or an existing partner with a host country registered business, this is required to provide maintenance, repairs, and spare parts for this type of equipment. The Contractor shall have a valid international warranty on the products offered which shall be utilized to coordinate replacement parts and services for the end user in order to avoid incurring additional expenses. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE The Contractor shall provide to the U.S. Government the new products as described in the specifications. Further, the Contractor shall properly perform the pre-delivery inspection on the products and deliver them to the location set forth under place of delivery, of this Statement of Work. The final inspection and acceptance of ALL items shall be performed by the U.S. Government upon their arrival at the INL Warehouse. In INL Guatemala officials find an incomplete or defective item, they should immediately refrain from receiving it and notify the Contractor. The Contractor upon notification shall replace lost or damage items during shipment. If the Contractor fails to meet the performance standard, the U.S. Government reserves the right to act, including a deduction from any invoice. The payment(s) to the Contractor shall be made following satisfactory inspection and acceptance of products and installation. All equipment delivered shall conform exactly to the standard described in the technical specification sheet. If the items or some item does not fulfill requested technical specifications, INL shall return the items to vendor with no cost to INL Guatemala. The vendor shall evaluate and replace returned items with no transportation cost to INL. All periodic reports and task deliverables shall be inspected, tested (where applicable), reviewed, and accepted by the Government within a reasonable period of time. INL Guatemala will have ten (10) business days to inspect and accept all items after delivery. The designated representative of the US Embassy in Guatemala will be responsible for carrying out acceptance criteria as follows: Quantities Compliance with the offered technical specifications Compliance with delivery date Correct operation of the required elements

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michele Coccovizzo
  - Email: coccovizzoML@state.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jamillah Timmons
  - Email: timmonsj@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: FOR FULL LIST OF TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS. TRAINING The Contractor shall conduct on-site training in SPANISH for the experts of the Document Laboratory in the handling and operation of the equipment, including both hardware and software components. Training shall be conducted by national or foreign personnel with training and experience in the field of forensic document examination systems; resume of trainer required. Training shall be coordinated with the Training Department and the Head of the Criminalistics Laboratories of INACIF. Target group: 40 expert personnel from the documents Laboratory shall be divided into two groups of 20 people, with two (2) training sessions for each group of eight (8) hours per session. Each group shall receive 16 hours of training. Content for the training shall include,but is not limited to: Generalities of equipment, software management, practical operation, fault detection, and common mispractices. Course evaluation (practical and written) and completion certificates for participants Post-training report including attendance, activities, and summary of outcomes MAINTENANCE This is a base year plus four (4) option years. Support Center End user and technical support via telephone and/or email for failure reporting. A 24/7 telephone hotline in Spanish with a call-back time within one (1) hour. Calls can be placed twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week. If support personnel are unavailable to answer the call immediately, the End User can leave a voice message and expect a return call within one hour. An internet email address shall be provided as well. Technical Support Each call or email shall generate an incident report with a unique number to track all support requests and activities. All services shall be done exclusively by certified field technicians. Support tasks shall be performed using the communication channels provided and INACIF shall follow the sequence: Telephone and email – for simple incidents where the user can be guided through a solution that does not require a support specialist. Remote support – shall be used for fast incident resolutions using a connection to the end user site using the end user provided support communication lines. Remote support shall be provided 24/7 by personnel assisted when required by product experts and developers. On-site diagnosis visit – if telephone, email, or remote support methods cannot resolve the incident. A site visit shall be arranged within 48 hours. On-site repair visit – If an on-site repair visit is required following the diagnosis, a visit from a certified field technician shall be arranged within no more than ten (10) calendar days along with the shipping of the spare parts. After the site-visit, a work order summary report shall be sent detailing the activities performed. Spare parts replacement shall be provided by Contractor within 48 hours. Contractor shall be responsible for the shipping costs and importation of the parts. INL will not provide any assistance in the customs clearance. For each incident, INACIF shall be provided with an estimated time required to resolve the incident. Preventive Maintenance Visits Contractor shall coordinate with INACIF no less than two (2) preventive maintenance visits per year to ensure the equipment runs at optimal performance. During the visit, the Field Technician will inspect, clean, lubricate, and adjust the system, and will perform visual and functional verifications. Contractor commits to providing technical support for the maintenance of the system, for five (05) years after the delivery and installation of the system. DELIVERY TO INL GUATEMALA All devices must be delivered by awarded contractor to INL Guatemala in a designated Miami warehouse as indicated below, no later than forty-five (45) calendar days after purchase order is awarded. Preparation for Delivery The equipment shall be clean, in new, not previously used condition, and must be in optimal operating conditions and quality. Since this order is ultimately intended for an overseas destination, please secure packing for a safe shipment. If the shipment will involve wood packaging material, then the packing and palletizing must conform to the standards in the International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures Publication No. 15: “Guidelines for Regulating Wood Packaging Material in International Trade” (ISPM15). Marking Instructions: Order No. / GUATE 11380 NW 34th ST SUVI Global Services Doral, FL 33178 WARRANTY The subject equipment shall be covered by the manufacturer’s standard warranty of 2 years. The Contractor shall be registered to do business in the host country or an existing partner with a host country registered business, this is required to provide maintenance, repairs, and spare parts for this type of equipment. The Contractor shall have a valid international warranty on the products offered which shall be utilized to coordinate replacement parts and services for the end user in order to avoid incurring additional expenses. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE The Contractor shall provide to the U.S. Government the new products as described in the specifications. Further, the Contractor shall properly perform the pre-delivery inspection on the products and deliver them to the location set forth under place of delivery, of this Statement of Work. The final inspection and acceptance of ALL items shall be performed by the U.S. Government upon their arrival at the INL Warehouse. In INL Guatemala officials find an incomplete or defective item, they should immediately refrain from receiving it and notify the Contractor. The Contractor upon notification shall replace lost or damage items during shipment. If the Contractor fails to meet the performance standard, the U.S. Government reserves the right to act, including a deduction from any invoice. The payment(s) to the Contractor shall be made following satisfactory inspection and acceptance of products and installation. All equipment delivered shall conform exactly to the standard described in the technical specification sheet. If the items or some item does not fulfill requested technical specifications, INL shall return the items to vendor with no cost to INL Guatemala. The vendor shall evaluate and replace returned items with no transportation cost to INL. All periodic reports and task deliverables shall be inspected, tested (where applicable), reviewed, and accepted by the Government within a reasonable period of time. INL Guatemala will have ten (10) business days to inspect and accept all items after delivery. The designated representative of the US Embassy in Guatemala will be responsible for carrying out acceptance criteria as follows: Quantities Compliance with the offered technical specifications Compliance with delivery date Correct operation of the required elements

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/97507b9a189f470b818923c3226a403a/view)