---
layout: default
title: 6640--554 (LAB) | NEW | RTPCR GI and Respiratory Testing
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: bbe1ee3f4ef04db49c143e7760e7268f
---

# 6640--554 (LAB) | NEW | RTPCR GI and Respiratory Testing

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 16:39:07.277-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0143
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q143 New Five-Year Blanket Purchase Agreement Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center (RMRVAMC) Pathology and Laboratory Medicine department for Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) GI and Respiratory Testing. Per Statement of Work This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. *The deadline for all questions is 08:00AM MT April 08, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. **Quotes are to be provided to Alejandra.Sierra@va.gov and NCO19Lab@va.gov no later than 8:00am MT, April 22, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0143. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 effective October 01, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 621511 Medical Laboratories with a business size standard of $41.5 Million. This solicitation is unrestricted. See Attached Line-Item Schedule. Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: Contractor shall provide all equipment, reagents, standards, controls, supplies, consumable/disposable items, parts, accessories, and any other item required for the proper operation of it s contractor owned real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing instrument and peripherals necessary for the generation of reportable patient test results for GI and Respiratory Testing services, please reference attached statement of work (SOW). Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at the Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center (RMRVAMC). Pathology and Laboratory Medicine department 1700 N. Wheeling St. Aurora, CO 80045. 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement; (II) BioMed Forms; (III) Past Performance; and (IV) Price. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets all of the requirements of the statement of work (SOW) and solicitation, to include the contractor owned real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing instrument and peripherals necessary for the generation of reportable patient test results for GI and Respiratory Testing services. Volume II BioMed Forms The offeror shall complete the following forms: VA Directive 6550 App A Fillable 2026 and MDS2-Worksheet 2026, filled in and completed, for each piece of equipment and middleware proposed. Both forms are provided as attachments to this solicitation. Volume III Past Performance Offeror must provide up to two recent and relevant past performance references attesting to contract performance (including contract numbers, amount of contract award, point of contact with email address, telephone numbers and other relevant information, and a description of product/work performed under the contract and how well they performed).Â Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. Past performance must include a description of the following: 1.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of offeror being reviewed 2.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of company completing review. 3.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Description of services performed 4.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance dates 5.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Total contract value 6.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Addresses 7.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Contract numbers 8.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance Rating Offeror shall provide completed Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQ) from prior contracts and it shall be signed by point of contact that oversaw performance or equal representative. See attachment S02 Past Performance Questionnaire. Submissions of the PPQ can be sent directly to the Government POC, alejandra.sierra@va.govÂ from the offeror as part of proposal submission or directly from third party by the proposal deadline. Volume IV Price The offeror shall complete the line item pricing schedule provided as an attachment and titled "See attached Line Item Schedule" (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement Factor II. BioMed Forms Factor III. Past Performance Factor IV. Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement: The Government will evaluate how the offeror demonstrated it meets all of the requirements of the statement of work (SOW) and solicitation, to include the contractor owned real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing instrument and peripherals necessary for the generation of reportable patient test results for GI and Respiratory Testing services. Factor II. BioMed Forms: The Government will evaluate the VA Directive 6550 App A Fillable 2026 and MDS2-Worksheet 2026, for completeness, for each piece of equipment and middleware proposed. Factor III. Past Performance: The Government will evaluate on how well the offeror identified performance relates to the requirement procured under the SOW for this procurement to determine relevancy. How well the offeror performed on identified contracts shall be used to assess performance confidence. Factor IV. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to meet the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1, shall not be selected regardless of price. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered non-responsive. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute X 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute X 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ Statute X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO X 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute X 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute X 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute X 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute X 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO X 52.227-14 Rights in Data-General (MAY 2014) Statute X 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute X 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other X 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â Statute X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-71 Information and Information Systems Security (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.211-76 Liquidated Damages-Reimbursement for Data Breach Costs (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.237-70 Indemnification and Medical Liability Insurance (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.209-70 Organizational Conflicts of Interest (OCT 2020) VAAR 852.215-72 Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute X 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to alejandra.sierra@va.gov by 8:00am MT, April 22, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Alejandra Sierra alejandra.sierra@va.gov and NCO19Lab@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alejandra Sierra
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Alejandra.Sierra@va.gov
  - Phone: 303-712-5715

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Past Performance Questionnaire. Submissions of the PPQ can be sent directly to the Government POC, alejandra.sierra@va.govÂ from the offeror as part of proposal submission or directly from third party by the proposal deadline. Volume IV Price The offeror shall complete the line item pricing schedule provided as an attachment and titled "See attached Line Item Schedule" (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement Factor II. BioMed Forms Factor III. Past Performance Factor IV. Price Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement: The Government will evaluate how the offeror demonstrated it meets all of the requirements of the statement of work (SOW) and solicitation, to include the contractor owned real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing instrument and peripherals necessary for the generation of reportable patient test results for GI and Respiratory Testing services. Factor II. BioMed Forms: The Government will evaluate the VA Directive 6550 App A Fillable 2026 and MDS2-Worksheet 2026, for completeness, for each piece of equipment and middleware proposed. Factor III. Past Performance: The Government will evaluate on how well the offeror identified performance relates to the requirement procured under the SOW for this procurement to determine relevancy. How well the offeror performed on identified contracts shall be used to assess performance confidence. Factor IV. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to meet the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1, shall not be selected regardless of price. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered non-responsive. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute X 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute X 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ Statute X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO X 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute X 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute X 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute X 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute X 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO X 52.227-14 Rights in Data-General (MAY 2014) Statute X 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute X 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other X 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â Statute X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-71 Information and Information Systems Security (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.211-76 Liquidated Damages-Reimbursement for Data Breach Costs (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.237-70 Indemnification and Medical Liability Insurance (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.209-70 Organizational Conflicts of Interest (OCT 2020) VAAR 852.215-72 Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute X 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to alejandra.sierra@va.gov by 8:00am MT, April 22, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Alejandra Sierra alejandra.sierra@va.gov and NCO19Lab@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bbe1ee3f4ef04db49c143e7760e7268f/view)