---
layout: default
title: MAST IDIQ - Low Probability of Intercept Altimeter (LPIA) Production and Repair
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 08fceec2fd2b48028e85a4f6f9d69d8d
---

# MAST IDIQ - Low Probability of Intercept Altimeter (LPIA) Production and Repair

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 17:05:08.743-04
- Solicitation Number: N00421-26-RFPREQ-TPM209-0264

## Summary

Low Probability of Intercept Altimeter (LPIA) Production and Repair - INTRODUCTION & PROGRAM BACKGROUND The Naval Air Warfare Center - Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) Procurement Group, Patuxent River, MD in support of Fixed and Rotary Wing aircraft, announces its intention to award a Single Award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract to provide Production of Low Probability of Intercept (LPIA) Radar Altimeters, repair of LPIAs and engineering in support of LPIA. This Market Research tool is being used to identify potential and eligible firms, of all sizes. The results of the presolicitation notice will be utilized to determine if any business opportunity exist for the award of this IDIQ Contract. DISCLAIMER THIS IS A PRESOLICITATION NOTICE FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS, PROPOSAL ABSTRACTS, OR QUOTATIONS. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE The contract type for the orders issued under the Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract are anticipated to be Firm Fixed Price (FFP) type delivery orders. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The resultant Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract will consist of a five (5) year ordering period. Subsequent period of performance for the orders will be determined at the individual task/delivery order level. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The LPIA R/T-1805/APN Receiver/Transmitter (R/T) is an advanced technology radar altimeter required by Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) to improve survivability, reliability, and maintainability of fleet aircraft. The LPIA operates in the radar altimeter band of 4200 MHz to 4400 MHz. The LPIA accurately determines the aircraft’s height above the terrain and incorporates techniques to achieve a very low probability of signal interception, detection, or exploitation. The LPIA R/T is a Form, Fit and enhanced Function (FFF) replacement for the AN/APN-194(V) family of receiver transmitters, RT-1015A/A and RT-1042A/A. The LPIA must conform to the current LPIA specification, waveforms, Radio Frequency characteristics and responses, interfaces and work with antennas currently installed on aircraft that have the LPIA installed. The contractor shall provide production, engineering and logistics support, delivery and repair of LPIA units. ELIGIBILITY The Product Service Code (PSC) for this requirement is 5841 Radar Equipment, Airborne. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) is 334511 Search, Detection, Navigation, Guidance, Aeronautical and Nautical System and Instrument Manufacturing. All eligible parties are encouraged to respond. This acquisition is being pursued on a sole-source basis under the authority of 10 U.S.C.3204(a)(1) as implemented by Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 6.103-1, only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. BAE Systems is the original developer and manufacturer of the LPIA and retains all data rights; making them the only company that has the ability, resources, technology, and documentation necessary to modify, develop, produce, maintain and support this system. The Government awarded a previous C-type contract to BAE Systems. The incumbent contract information is as follows. 1.Contractor: BAE Systems 2.Contract Number: N00421-24-C-0052 3.Contract End Date: May 2026 4.Contract Type: Firm Fixed Price (FFP)/Cost Plus Fixed Fee (CPFF) Contract THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPROSAL. This notice outlines the Government’s intent to contract on a sole source basis with BAE Systems. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, to be considered by the agency to Grace Gillespie at grace.a.gillespie.civ@us.navy.mil. However, no contract will be awarded solely based on offers received in response to this presolicitation notice. Companies interested in subcontracting opportunities should contact BAE Systems directly. SUBMITTAL INFORMATION 1. It is requested that interested businesses submit a brief capability statement package to the A2523000 Procurement Group in no more than 10 pages in length demonstrating their capabilities. A page is defined as a single sided 8.5” by 11” page using “1” inch margins from each edge. Response must be in font size 12, Times New Roman. 2. All responses shall include the Presolicitation Notice name/number, Company Name, Company Address, Cage, Company Business Size, and Points of Contact (POC), including names, phone numbers, and email addresses. 3. The capability statement shall be submitted via Electronic-mail (Email) to the Contract Specialist, Grace Gillespie at grace.a.gillespie.civ@us.navy.mil. 4. Submissions must be received at the email address specified no later than 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 24 April 2026. 5. The information shall be submitted as UNCLASSIFIED. 6. No phone calls will be accepted. 7. All questions or inquiries regarding this notice must be directed to Procuring Contracting Officer, Travora Levasseur at travora.r.levasseur.civ@us.navy.mil and Contract Specialist, Grace Gillespie at grace.a.gillespie.civ@us.navy.mil 8. The Government may elect not to discuss submissions received in response to this presolicitation notice with individual responders. There is no requirement to respond to the presolicitation notice to be eligible for this procurement. However, the Government places tremendous value on the information received and may utilize it to finalize its acquisition strategy. Respondents shall fully use this opportunity to describe proven capabilities in performing the requirement. 9. All data received in response to this presolicitation notice that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Grace Gillespie, Contract Specialist
  - Email: grace.a.gillespie.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 240-538-3742
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Travora R. Levasseur, Contracting Officer
  - Email: travora.levasseur@navy.mil
  - Phone: 229-672-3367

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/08fceec2fd2b48028e85a4f6f9d69d8d/view)