---
layout: default
title: Health Care Delivery Solutions (HCDS) Electronic Health Record Follow-on (MHS GENESIS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 9e4622f6986647af8976312d382f6a50
---

# Health Care Delivery Solutions (HCDS) Electronic Health Record Follow-on (MHS GENESIS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-23 13:45:13.816-04
- Solicitation Number: HT003826X0000

## Summary

23 Mar 2026 Location: 3351 Fairfax Dr, Arlington, VA 22201 Van Metre Hall, 134, Auditorium, Mason Square Time: 0900 - 1300 (9:00 am to 1:00 pm) eastern 18 Mar 2026 Due to popularity, the Government has found additional space, continue to send in requests for attendance. This has been a popular request. In order to allow more companies to participate, we are decreasing the number of attendees per company down to 2. Even with that, all slots have been accounted for and we are unable to accept any additional in person requests. The Government is still planning to record the session and post it in addition to making the breifing material available. Thank you for your interest in the upcoming opportunities. 16 Mar 2026 For those that have already reached out for industry day attendance, Thank you. If you have not, please send an email to gabriela.y.hurte.civ@health.mil with your company name and total number of participants anticipated to participate. She will confirm receipt and let you know if there are any issues. 13 March 2026 The Government is planning to host an industry day March 31, 2026 in the Washington D.C. area to review the updated contract strategy and timelines with industry. This will be an interactive engagement where industry can ask questions and provide additional feedback and recommendations. This is an in-person event only. Attendance is limited to a maximum of three (3) representatives per company, as capacity is capped at 130 attendees. Presentation materials and other relevant information will be made available on SAM.gov and Defense Health Agency (DHA) social media channels shortly after the event for those unable to attend. 6 Feb 2026 The Government is still reviewing the information provided by industry. I know it is much longer than expected, but industry gave us a lot of great feedback. I will provide another update in the next 2 weeks (NLT 20 Feb 2026). 29 Dec 2025 -- Clarification was requested about the purpose of slide #3 of the Draft_Contract_Strategy_22Dec2025. It is a pictoral depiction only. Slides 4, 5, and 6 have the descriptions for each draft contract/ agreement. The Government is requesting industry input on this draft contract/agreement strategy through the questions on slides 8-9. 22 Dec 2025 -- DHA Contracting on behalf of PEO DHMS, is requesting industry feedback on its draft contract strategy. The attached file (Draft_Contract Strategy_22Dec2025) lays out the anticipated contract strategy. The Government is requesting industry provide feedback on this approach (see slides 8-9). We know this is not the optimal time to request information from industry, but wanted to get this out as soon as possible and give industry adequate time after the holidays to respond. The Government requests submission for some or all information be provided by 9 Jan 2026. Your insight is greatly appreciated. Proprietary information may be submitted; however, RFI respondents are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. If a submission is marked, it will be protected from disclosure outside of Government personnel, unless permission is granted for Government support contractors to view the material. The following companies and individual employees are bound contractually by Organizational Conflict of Interest and disclosure clauses with respect to proprietary information, and they will take all reasonable action necessary to preclude unauthorized use or disclosure of an RFI respondent’s proprietary data. RFI responsesMUSTclearly state whether permission is granted allowing the support contractors identified below access to any proprietary information. • Boston Consulting Group (BCG) • Swingtide • Andrew Morgan Consulting, LLC • Greenlight Analytic, LLC • Monterey Consultants, INC This RFI is not a solicitation. This RFI is for planning purposes only. It does not constitute an RFP or a promise to issue an RFP in the future. This RFI does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Further, the Government is not seeking proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Respondents are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI. All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the responding party’s expense. Participation is not mandatory or required; participation or response to this RFI is not a prerequisite for any future procurement activities. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 4 Dec 2025 - updated questions and answers provided (HCDS EHR Q and A 4Dec2025). 19 Nov 2025 update DHA Contracting, on behalf of the Defense Health Management Systems Program Executive Office (PEO DHMS), expresses its sincere appreciation to all respondents. We are reviewing the information received. In the meantime, the initial set of questions/ responses are posted (HCDS EHR Q and A 19Nov2025). Questions received will be consolidated every Friday with responses posted by the following Thursday. Please remember this is available at any time for industry to ask questions or provide comments. https://select.bidscale.app 7 Nov 2025 Update: The following link allows the viewing of industry day: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-cFdEajXeo For industry input (RFI) requested (starting on slide 19 of the brief), please submit no later than 17 Nov 2025. Industry Input (RFI): Proprietary information may be submitted; however, RFI respondents are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response.? If a submission is marked, it will be protected from disclosure outside of Government personnel, unless permission is granted for Government support contractors to view the material. The following companies and individual employees are bound contractually by Organizational Conflict of Interest and disclosure clauses with respect to proprietary information, and they will take all reasonable action necessary to preclude unauthorized use or disclosure of an RFI respondent’s proprietary data.? RFI responses?MUST?clearly state whether permission is granted allowing the support contractors identified below access to any proprietary information. Boston Consulting Group (BCG) Swingtide Andrew Morgan Consulting, LLC? Greenlight Analytic, LLC Monterey Consultants, INC This RFI is not a solicitation.??This RFI is for planning purposes only.? It does not constitute an RFP or a promise to issue an RFP in the future.? This RFI does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever.? Further, the Government is not seeking proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Respondents are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI. ?All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the responding party’s expense.? Participation is not mandatory or required; participation or response to this RFI is not a prerequisite for any future procurement activities.? As a reminder, questions submitted through Bidscale (https://select.bidscale.app) will be made public, excluding submitters information. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Industry Day will be held 5 Nov 2025 starting at 10:00 am eastern at the Holiday Inn Arlington. Address: 4610 N Fairfax Drive; Arlington VA, 22203 Parking: At the hotel, drive through the open gate to the large lot behind the building. The cost is $10 with validation, $20 without. For validated parking, upon arrival, attendees must stop at the front desk to receive a parking pass to hang in your vehicle prior to attending industry day. A QR code for checking in will be provided at the venue. Please email sonya.m.edom.civ@health.mil, if you haven't already, to reserve space. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The Government is hosting an Industry Day in the Washington D.C. area the first week of November 2025. The exact date, time, and location will be announced shortly. This is an in-person event only. Attendance is limited to a maximum of three (3) representatives per company, as capacity is capped at 150 attendees. The purpose of this Industry Day is to provide industry partners with updates on the MHS GENESIS recompete, including the target timeline for solicitation(s) and key areas where the Government will seek industry engagement. Presentation materials and other relevant information will be made available on SAM.gov and Defense Health Agency (DHA) social media channels shortly after the event for those unable to attend. Background & Overview • Program Executive Office, Defense Healthcare Management Systems (PEO DHMS) is planning for a competitive award to support the Federal Electronic Health Record (EHR). The new contract strategy focuses on the following priorities: • Keeping pace with commercial technology advancements, leveraging the commercial ecosystem for defense systems, rapidly delivering scaled digital capabilities, and evolving our systems faster than adversaries can adapt on the battlefield. • Reducing the timeline required to compete follow-on efforts. • Tightening integration with the Veterans Affairs (VA) and other Federal agencies who require Electronic Health Information. • Improving efficiency in the delivery of healthcare and long-term sustainability of information technology investments. • Where appropriate, leveraging a compensation model for EHR contractor(s) based on healthcare value delivered rather than on activity, capability, or consumption. • Ensuring the best-in-class specialized methodology developed under the incumbent contract for successful EHR deployment remains available for the Department of War (DoW) and Federal agencies.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sonya Edom
  - Email: sonya.m.edom.civ@health.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Gabriela Hurte
  - Email: gabriela.y.hurte.civ@health.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9e4622f6986647af8976312d382f6a50/view)