---
layout: default
title: Q301--IV Room Environmental Testing
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c7d00f64d9b8459187ce9735bb50a2ea
---

# Q301--IV Room Environmental Testing

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 10:33:14.826-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0652
- Awardee: null

## Summary

DESCRIPTION REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IV Room Environmental and Staff Testing The purpose of this sources sought is to obtain information in support of Market Research. The Government is conducting Market Research to determine the availability of qualified vendors capable of providing IV Room Environmental and Staff Testing Interested vendors are asked to review the sample Statement of Work (SOW) and provide any feedback, questions, or clarifications, including any areas where the SOW may need further clarification. Please provide the following information in your response: 1. Company Name, Point of Contact, Email address 2. An Informal Quote 4. Capabilities Statement 5. Business Size 6. UEI Number 7. Any existing IDIQ contracts in which these items can be ordered from (e.g. GSA, NASA SEWP, DLA eCAT, VA SAC, or VA NAC) If information in 1-7 are not provided, vendor is considered nonresponsive. NOTICE: This notice is not an official request for quotes. Information obtained from this notice may be used to assist the Agency in determining the strategy for obtaining these items/services. Please note an official request for quote may or may not be released in connection of this notice. All responses shall be submitted to Shaneldylana.Pagaragan@va.gov prior to the closing date of this notice. SAMPLE PERORMANCE WORK STATEMENT SEE BELOW Place of Performance: Palo Alto, California Performance Work Statement IV Room Environmental and Staff Testing 1. General: This is a service contract to provide IV Room Environmental and Staff Testing.

1.1 Description of Services/Introduction: The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, other miscellaneous items, and non-personal services necessary to provide IV Room Environmental and Staff Testing provide IV Room Environmental and Staff Testing as defined in this Statement of Work (SOW), except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract.

1.2 Background: VAPAHCS requires a contractor to provide IV Room Environmental and Staff Testing

1.3 Objectives: Provide IV Room Environmental and Staff Testing

1.4 Scope: The Vendor shall obtain (via pick up at facility), incubate, process, and analyze Gloved Fingertip and Thumb (GFT) Samples, Media-fill Test (MFT) Samples, and Vendor shall collect monthly Viable Surface Samples according to 2023 USP <797> standards. The Vendor shall also report results and details about the incubation process including the requirements outlined in the 2023 USP <797>. The plates/paddles and media fill test kits will be provided by the VAPAHCS facility in coordination with the Vendor. The monthly surface samples will be collected by vendor and all other samples to be collected by qualified staff of the VAPAHCS. Samples collected by VAPAHCS will be shipped to the Vendor at the cost of the facility or collected by vendor by proposed fixed price. Place of work and period of performance: Palo Alto, California, This is a base, plus 4 option year contract Base: 07/01/2026 6/30/2027 Option Year 1: 07/01/2027 -- 6/30/2028 Option Year 2: 07/01/2028 6/30/2029 Option Year 3: 07/01/2029 6/30/2030 Option Year 4: 07/01/2030 6/30/2031 Equipment: N/A General: Gloved fingertip and thumb (GFT) sample incubation and sample analysis. Media-fill testing (MFT) sample incubation and sample analysis. Monthly surface sample collection of high touch area in iso- classified area (bldg. 100 (only hoods are Iso classified ) Modular compounding Unit ( T100A) Bacteria and fungi surface sample incubation and sample analysis. Bacteria and fungi active air sample incubation and sample analysis. Microbial identification to at least the genus level of viable surface samples and viable active air samples exceeding the colony-forming units (cfu) action levels listed in 2023 USP <797>Table 7 Action Levels for Viable Airborne Particle Air Sampling and Table 8 Action Levels for Surface Sampling . Fixed pricing for microbial identification shall include all isolates identified on one sample (e.g., per sample plate, per both sides of media paddle). Incubation shall start on the day of the receipt of the samples. Sample media for GFT and surface sample may include media plates or two- sided media paddles. The Vendor shall incubate and process personnel related assessment GFT samples according to 2023 USP <797> Box 1 Gloved Fingertip and Thumb Sampling Procedures . GFT results will be reported for each plate/paddle, with the amount of colony forming units (cfu) present on each plate reported. No growth present shall be indicated on the report as < 1 cfu. Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 5 of 5 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 5 The Vendor shall incubate and process personnel related assessment MFT samples according to 2023 USP <797> Box 2 Media-Fill Testing Procedures . MFT results will be reported as negative (pass) or positive (fail); failure is indicated by visible turbidity or other visual manifestations of growth in the media in one or more container closure unit(s) on or before 14 days. The Vendor shall incubate and process viable surface samples according to 2023 USP <797> standards. Surface sample results will be reported in number of cfu. If cfu measured during viable sampling exceed USP <797> action levels, the report will at a minimum identify genus and, when possible, species of any microorganism recovered on the report. No growth present shall be indicated on the report as 0 (zero) cfu or < 1 cfu. All samples will be processed as single media dual incubation as described in USP <797> Box 6 Surface Sampling Procedures . The Vendor shall incubate and process viable active air samples according to 2023 USP <797> standards. Active air sample results will be reported in number of cfu. If cfu measured during viable sampling exceed USP <797> action levels, the report will at a minimum identify genus and, when possible, species of any microorganism recovered on the report. No growth present shall be indicated on the report as 0 (zero) cfu or < 1 cfu. All samples will be processed as single media dual incubation as described in USP <797> Box 5 Active Air Sampling Procedures for Viable Airborne Monitoring . The Vendor shall report the receipt of samples via email within two days of receipt. This report shall include the number of samples and their condition. The Vendor shall provide a final report including sample identifications and results, incubation dates, incubation time period, and incubation order and incubation temperatures for each sample. The final report shall also contain the condition of the sample at receipt, the type of media, the lot number, and the expiration date. Reports will be made available digitally via email no later than 3 days after incubation of the samples. The Vendor shall notify VAPAHCS facility of any issues that will /or did compromise sample results. Qualifications: The vendor will provide proof of ISO 17025 accreditation and shall perform the above. NOTICE: This notice is not an official request for quotes. Information obtained from this notice may be used to assist the Agency in determining the strategy for obtaining these items/services. Please note an official request for quote may or may not be released in connection of this notice. All responses shall be submitted to Robert.Clark4@va.gov prior to the closing date of this notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: robert.clark4@va.gov
  - Title: Robert Clark
  - Email: Robert.Clark4@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c7d00f64d9b8459187ce9735bb50a2ea/view)