---
layout: default
title: 6520--ORTHOPHOS S 3D RADIOGRAPH MACHINE Brand Name or Equal
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 29d9784512954d2e9a40241fb6bb2e00
---

# 6520--ORTHOPHOS S 3D RADIOGRAPH MACHINE Brand Name or Equal

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 10:49:08.054-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0706
- Awardee: null

## Summary

1. Title: Orthophos 3D S Radiograph machine | Brand Name or Equal 2. Purpose: The Network Contracting Office (NCO) 16, located at Galleria Financial Center, 5075 Westheimer Rd, Ste 750, Houston, TX 77030, hereby issues the following Sources Sought to Request Information (RFI) with the intent of determining the contractor interest, capabilities, qualifications of potential businesses, nonmanufacturer rule compliance, Buy American Act compliance, Trade Agreement compliance and estimated industry pricing information for market research and estimated budgetary purpose to provide the brand name or equal to product of the Orthophos 3D S Radiograph machine. Contractor shall provide all necessary labor, materials, supplies, equipment, and transportation to provide a 3D Radiograph machine in accordance with the Draft SOW. This Sources Sought is published for market research purposes. This Sources Sought will be used to determine if a set-aside for any small business program is appropriate. Government anticipates competitive, firm fixed price task order if on a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) or firm fixed price purchase order if “open market”. Please review this announcement, respond to questions below and review all attachments in their entirety. Government requests that interested offerors complete all questions below, provide required documentation, descriptive literature and/or authorization letter as described below. The Government is in no way obligated to do business with or to enter any form of contract with any person, firm or other entity that receives or responds to this announcement. 3. Objective: To find qualified contractors with the capability to provide Transplant Lodging Services for the Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center located in Houston, TX. 4. Place of Performance: Michael E DeBakey VA Medical Center 2002 Holcombe Blvd Houston, TX 77030 5. Responses Requested: The NCO 16 requires all the following information and questions answered 5a through 5i in this RFI/SS: Questions and information that are not provided shall be considered nonresponsive to the Request for Information and contractor shall not be considered as part of the market research. a. Do you (contractor) possess the capability to meet the government requirements listed in the Draft SOW? b. Do you (contractor) possess the capability to meet the government requirements of place of performance and distance from the Micheal E. Debakey VA Medical Center of the Draft SOW? c. Do you (contractor) possess the capability to meet the government requirements Period of Performance and Schedulein section 5 of the Draft SOW? d. Contractors shall provide their point(s) of contact name, address, telephone number, and email address; and the company's business size, and SAM Unique Entity Identification Number. e. Is your company a small business, SDVOSB, VOSB, SDBs, HUBZone, or 8A concern? Please provide proof of qualifications. f. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code 339115? g. Do you (Contractor) have the ability to meet the requirements in SOW itself or will subcontracting be required for you to meet requirements in SOW? h. Are you an authorized Service Provider? Provide evidence from original equipment manufacturer (OEM). Please indicate if you are the OEM. If not applicable for this requirement state N/A. i. For the service required, Is your company available under any; Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC) General Services Administration Schedules (GSA) Veterans Affairs (VA) NAC Federal Supply Schedules Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) If so, please list the contract number for service. 6. Opportunity: The NCO 16, is seeking information from potential contractors on their ability to provide this service. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT FOR REQUEST INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business Concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this Sources Sought in order to assist the NCO 16 in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry. Contractor shall possess the capability to provide all requirements and objectives. 7. Instructions and Response Guidelines: Sources Sought responses are due by APR 30, 2026, at 3:00 PM (CST) via email to eugene.jackson2@va.gov. Telephone requests or inquiries will not be accepted. Public Information will not be provided and shall be utilized to the full extent possible. The subject line shall read: 36C25626Q0706 - Sources Sought – 3D Radiograph Machine – Houston, TX. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 5(a) - 5(i). Please provide the information you deem relevant to respond to the specific inquiries of the Sources Sought. Information provided will be used solely by NCO 16 as "market research" and will not be released outside of the NCO 16 Purchasing and Contract Team. This Sources Sought notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Quotation (RFQ), and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter into a contract, nor will the Government pay for the information submitted in response to this request. All information contained in this Sources Sought is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on Contracting Opportunities (https://beta.sam.gov/) website or GSA e-buy. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this Sources Sought, or future RFP/RFQ. 8. Contact Information: Contract Specialist, Eugene Jackson Email address: eugene.jackson2@va.gov Your responses to this notice are appreciated. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES/PROPOSALS; however, any firm that believes it can meet the requirements may provide answers, responses and give written notification prior to the response due date and time. Supporting evidence and responses must be furnished in enough detail to demonstrate the ability to perform the requirements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Eugene Jackson
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Eugene.Jackson2@va.gov
  - Phone: 713-350-2938

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/29d9784512954d2e9a40241fb6bb2e00/view)