---
layout: default
title: AEWTTR III
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b9ec442c27b140b3b37a3f158d9c243d
---

# AEWTTR III

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 16:57:57.033-04
- Solicitation Number: N6893626R5001

## Summary

DISCLAIMER THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. (1) INTRODUCTION AND PURPOSE: The purpose of this sources sought notice is to conduct market research to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources. Responses to this sources sought synopsis will be utilized by the Government to determine the best acquisition strategy. Interested sources are not required to have the expertise to support all products listed below to respond to the sources sought. Interested sources need to identify their capabilities, expertise and the product or service they intend to support. (2) PROGRAM DESCRIPTION: The Aircrew Electronic Warfare Tactical Training Range (AEWTTR) Project Office at the Naval Air Warfare Center Weapons Division (NAWCWD), China Lake, CA, is the system support activity (SSA) that provides engineering expertise for the Naval Aviation Training Systems Program Management AIR (PMA 205) and Department of Defense (DoD) activities supporting the training and Test & Evaluation (T&E) Ranges. Electronic Warfare Threat Simulators (EWTS) engineering expertise includes oversight over the development, upgrade and life cycle sustainment of real-time and simulated multi-spectral threat emitting equipment required to provide lethal capability and operational readiness. The AEWTTR Project Office has been designated, by the Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), to develop, sustain, and upgrade training systems aimed to improve aircrew lethality and survivability. Training systems include threat simulators, radars, and training instrumentation capable of operation in the Network-Centric Warfare and Battlespace environments. To maintain the warfighters’ relevancy, these complex systems are continuously modified and modernized to provide realistic battlefield scenarios. (3) REQUIRED CAPABILITIES: EWTS Sustainment, Service Life Extension and Technical Refreshes - Maintain, repair, update, modify, test, deliver, and integrate components to threat systems and sub-systems. Systems that require sustainment or service life extension may include software development and upgrade and/or hardware integration of end items. Range Instrumentation, Equipment and EWTS Connectivity - Develop, document, deliver, integrate, and conduct acceptance testing of range instrumentation, equipment, servers, guards, switches, and multiplexers to be networked with EWTS for the purpose of aircrew training, weapons evaluation, and countermeasures development. Open Loop and Closed Loop EWTS Life Cycle Logistics and Spare Parts – Develop, assemble, test, and deliver parts, assemblies, and subsystems to replace depleted and obsolete inventory and maintain operational status of connected and isolated EWTS and peripheral equipment and instrumentation for the systems. Man-Portable Air Defense Systems (MANPADS) Interface Instrumentation - Develop, test, deliver and install interface instrumentation and devices that will gather data on the MANPADS to a single connection port and then transmit the required data to/from EWTS and peripheral equipment. Opposition Forces (OPFOR) Communication Systems - Design, develop, upgrade, and install OPFOR communication systems capable of radio frequency (RF) transmission to enable crew training for Electromagnetic Maneuver Warfare (EMW) system operators to degrade, neutralize, or destroy enemy combat capability. OPFOR Electronic Attack (EA) Systems - Design, develop, upgrade, test, and install OPFOR EA systems capable of RF transmission to enable crew training in an electromagnetic denied environment. OPFOR Integrated Air Defense Systems (IADS) Components - Design, develop, assemble, sustain, upgrade, test, and install OPFOR IADS subsystems such as Plot Extractors, Threat Command and Control (C2) Displays, and C2 software. Electronic Warfare Multiplexer (EW MUX) - Sustain and upgrade the EW MUX interface hardware and software and implement enhancements to satisfy operational requirements and Armed Forces combat readiness training requirements. Smart Target/Multispectral Threats Development – Design, develop, assemble, test, deliver, and integrate Smart Targets/Multispectral Threats Systems and related range instrumentation. Studies, Analyses, and Site Surveys - Analyze, assess, and provide upgrade solutions to improve functionality of currently active threat systems, and to activate threat systems currently inactive due to obsolete technology. Elements that shall be considered are quality, reliability, maintainability, interoperability, foreign threat intelligence data, frequency allocation applications, vulnerability to high-power irradiation, and EW threat presentation capabilities by the Ranges. EWTS SSA - Provide engineering, configuration management/data management (CM/DM), and logistics, in support of AEWTTR Integrated Product Team (IPT) located at NAWCWD China Lake. Cybersecurity Sustainment–Vulnerability Management – Institute a scan – remediate – rescan and validation methodology covering all systems utilizing the Defense Information Security Agency (DISA) Assured Compliance Assessment Solution or other current DoD mandated tool. Scan systems monthly to ensure remediation efforts are successfully implemented and provide a list of approved updates. Ensure all applicable Security Technical Implementation Guild (STIG) are applied and remediated using the Evaluate STIG (E-STIG) tool. Cybersecurity Sustainment–Patch Management – Develop documented patch management procedures establishing a methodology for patching and confirming patch management compliance. Cybersecurity Workforce (CSWF) – Ensure that its CSWF personnel are identified, categorized, certified, qualified, and/or otherwise competent for their assigned tasking IAW all applicable DoD directives, instructions, manuals and policies, and updates thereto, including the most current version of SECNAV M-5239.2. System Accreditation – Provide technical expertise needed to develop and maintain all documentation and testing in support of building cybersecurity authorization package in accordance with (IAW) the most current version of Department of Defense processes. Develop and maintain all documentation and testing in support of Interim Authority to Test accreditations in support of new technologies or operational exercise requirements. Prepare and submit appropriate accreditation of documentation for any modification to systems that include updated network topologies, hardware and software lists, and any Ports, Protocols, and Services. Equipment Frequency Allocation (DD 1494) – Provide the technical expertise required to develop, update, and maintain all documentation necessary to obtain equipment certification from the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NITA), or subsequent Department of Defense policy. Training - Create, update, and deliver documentation covering the maintenance and operational procedures of newly developed or modified EWTS and peripherals. Provide formal training for the operation of systems and the preventive field maintenance of systems and components, including hands-on training, classroom training, instruction manuals, or online tutorials. Future Capabilities - Assess emerging foreign threats and their impact on Aircrew Training Systems. Create concepts, engineering models/simulations, prototypes, shapes, surrogates of foreign threats and integrate into ranges’ capabilities, combat training systems, and readiness. New Capabilities – Design, develop, produce, test, and integrate new EW training capabilities including threat presentation systems. Producing new capabilities shall require following SETR like processes including Government review and approval prior to proceeding to the next milestone. The attached spreadsheet provides a list of potential systems that may require actions to be performed. Any interested contractor shall briefly address their capabilities with these systems in the capability statement. (4) PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Naval Air Weapons Center, China Lake, CA, 93555 and Contractor Facility (5) CONTRACT TYPE: Multiple Award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity Contract (MAC IDIQ) (6) SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: N/A (7) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: N/A (8) CONTRACTOR RESPONSE: Any contractor believing it can fulfill the requirement identified above may submit a written response to both Contract Specialist Beth Steude at beth.a.steude.civ@us.navy.mil and Procuring Contracting Officer Christopher Bigelow at christopher.n.bigelow.civ@us.navy.mil by Noon Pacific Standard Time April 01, 2026, which shall be considered by the Government. The written response shall reference solicitation number N6893626R5001 and provide a capability statement that clearly indicates the contractor’s experience, assets, background, and ability to perform the required work without compromising the quality, accuracy, reliability, and schedule. Contractor responses shall be no more than 5 pages and also include the following information: a) A reference to the solicitation number N6893626R5001 and brief title of this announcement; b) Contractor name and address; c) Contractor’s point of contact name, phone, fax, and e-mail; d) Declaration as to whether a U.S. or foreign contractor; e) Contractor size (Small or Large according to the identified NAICS and size standard identified); f) If the contractor is a small business, specify type(s); g) Provide any anticipated teaming arrangements and delineate between work to be accomplished by the prime and the work to be accomplished by the teaming partners; h) A brief capabilities statement demonstrating ability to perform the specific requirements discussed above; i) A list of previous requirements provided, similar to the requirement described in this posting; j) Any other specific and pertinent information as it pertains to this particular area of procurement that would enhance the Government’s consideration and evaluation of the information submitted. The solicitation will be posted in PIEE. Offers and responses to the solicitation shall be submitted using the instructions in Section L of the solicitation. The PIEE Solicitation module will be used for electronic proposal submission. Contractors are required to register in PIEE to obtain access to the solicitation module. To register in PIEE, go to https://piee.eb.mil/, and click Register. A Cyber Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2 (C3PAO) is anticipated for this requirement. If you disagree with the anticipated CMMC Level, please provide a rationale, and the recommended CMMC Level. Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Contractors must be certified through Defense Logistics Information Services (DLIS) in order to access Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) or Export Controlled Information. Access to CUI is limited, to a single point of contact (POC) per CAGE code, who is listed as the Data Custodian on the DD 2345 and approved by Defense Logistics Agency (DLA). The DD 2345 must be approved prior to requesting access to CUI in SAM.gov. Contractors are responsible for coordinating with their CAGE code’s Data Custodian POC to request access to CUI. For additional information, visit the DLA website for the Joint Certification Program: https://www.dla.mil/HQ/LogisticsOperations/Services/JCP/.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Beth A. Steude
  - Email: beth.a.steude.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 858-978-0481
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher N. Bigelow
  - Email: christopher.n.bigelow.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7603014847

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b9ec442c27b140b3b37a3f158d9c243d/view)