---
layout: default
title: Machine Shop Items for Foreign Military Sales JO-B-BFDv2
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 158fd118a701441c8d0f0fa38ae91a5c
---

# Machine Shop Items for Foreign Military Sales JO-B-BFDv2

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 05:11:36.687-04
- Solicitation Number: W91CRB-26-R-JOBBFDv2

## Summary

This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO FAR) 12.202(b)(1) as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation is a Request for Quote (RFQ). This action is posted as a competitive 100% small-business set-aside under NAICS Code: 333515 “Cutting Tool and Machine Tool Manufacturing”. The size standard for the NAICS Code is 500 employees. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide Quotes must be valid for 90 days. The Product Service Code (PSC) are listed on the spreadsheet. The U.S. Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG), an agency of the Government, intends to procure brand name or equal equipment to supply a machine shop. This effort is in support of the U.S. Army Security Assistance Command (USASAC) located in New Cumberland, PA. The Government anticipates the issuance of one or more commercial, Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contracts, as a result of subject solicitation. The anticipated date of award to be determined. The Government will evaluate the total offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all line items. Evaluation of all line items will not obligate the Government to award all line items. The Government reserves the right to award one line, all line items or any combination thereof. If multiple line items are awarded, costs/prices for each line item will be totaled and award amount will be based on that total. Brand name or equal supplies are requested to be proposed upon and specified by the offeror as seen on the attached spreadsheet, please note there are several tabs within the spreadsheet. New Equipment ONLY; NO remanufactured or "gray market" items. All items must be covered by the manufacturer's warranty. Destination is equipped with a 3-phase electrical supply. There is no requirement for phase converters. Moreover, they will use industrial-grade Frequency Voltage Regulators (FVRs) to adapt the electrical supply from the source (3-phase, 400V, 50Hz) to the required voltage and frequency for the machines (3-phase, 220V, 60Hz). Provide the datasheets for the machines ensuring they indicate the rated power. The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure their submission demonstrates to the government that they can provide the Brand name equipment being requested or Equal for Equivalent substitutions. If an alternate model is quoted, a side-by-side comparison of characteristics must be provided. If this information is not provided, quotes will be considered nonresponsive and ineligible for award. Delivery: Vendor will NOT deliver the equipment; they will prepare shipment for delivery and contact the freight forwarder to arrange shipment of materials. Specific information required for shipment preparation will be provided on the contract. Shipment costs are paid by the Government, and no shipping costs should be included with the quote. Please note that coordinating pickup for FMS shipments can be a lengthy process, and no storage fees will be paid. The quote must clearly indicate the address where the goods will be picked up. Pickup location must be within the continental United States. Other Information/Requirements: It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that their Offer is compliant with ALL provisions of the RFO FAR and its supplements. The Government MAY, but is not obligated to, consider an Offer that is non-compliant with any provision of the RFO FAR and its supplements. Furthermore, the Government is NOT required to inform any Offeror that their Offer is non-compliant with the RFO FAR or any of its supplements. Failure of an Offer to comply with any provision of the RFO FAR and its supplements may result in the Offeror being deemed non-responsive to the solicitation. All responsible offerors may submit a quote which will be considered by the Contracting Officer. The offeror must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database and include the assigned CAGE Code and Unique Entity Identification (UEI) code with quote submission.The Government requires that all supplies are prepared for shipment as soon as possible. Contractors shall propose a delivery date for all items. Requests can be made to consolidate the shipment of multiple items according to the suggested delivery timeline. Items cannot originate from a Chinese Military Company In Accordance With (IAW) DFARS

225.770 Prohibition on acquisition of certain items from Communist Chinese military companies. Buy American is not applicable as the items are not for use within the US, but where applicable IAW DFARS

225.7002 Restrictions on food, clothing, fabrics, hand or measuring tools, and flags; items must be Berry Amendment compliant. The offeror shall submit their quote via email to Andrea Seaman, Andrea.L.Seaman.civ@army.mil by 10:00AM – EST-U.S. Tuesday, 20 April 2026. Contact Information: Andrea Seaman Contract Specialist Army Contracting Command –Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) Email – Andrea.L.Seaman.civ@army.mil BASIS FOR AWARD: The Government intends to award a commercial firm-fixed-price (FFP) contract to the responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the requirements of this combined synopsis/solicitation. Quotes will be evaluated in accordance with RFO FAR

12.203 Evaluation. A single award will be made based on the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable (LPTA) evaluation approach. (Note: See RFO FAR 52.212-2 for evaluation criteria detailed herein). In accordance with RFO FAR 52.212-1(d), the Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. Quotes will be evaluated in accordance with RFO FAR 52.212-2, “Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021)”: Technical and Past Performance will be evaluated on an acceptable/unacceptable basis. Award will be made to the offeror with the lowest priced quote with an acceptable rating in the Technical factor and an acceptable (or Not Applicable (N/A)*) rating in the Past Performance factor. *Offerors with no recent and relevant history in the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) will not receive an unacceptable past performance rating and will instead receive a Not Applicable (N/A). A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Additionally, the Contracting Officer reserves the right to make one, multiple, or no awards under this solicitation. Quotes must clearly indicate what items from the attached spreadsheet can, and cannot, be provided. Insert Vendor Name, Cage and UEI on the top of the Item List sheet of the Spreadsheet. Price will be evaluated based upon the individual proposed price for each item on the spreadsheet. To be considered technically acceptable, an offeror MUST demonstrate that they can meet the specifications provided in the solicitation. The technical element of the evaluation will be based solely on information furnished by the vendor. The Government is not responsible for locating or securing any information which is not provided in the quote. PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES ARE FOUND ON ATTACHED COMBINED SYNOPSIS AND SOLICITATION DOCUMENT

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrea L. Seaman
  - Email: andrea.l.seaman.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Shelby A. Saum
  - Email: shelby.a.saum.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/158fd118a701441c8d0f0fa38ae91a5c/view)