---
layout: default
title: PACKING,PREFORMED
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 677dc218ed024f49a7dfd36059a02144
---

# PACKING,PREFORMED

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 09:01:10.083-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QAB53

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N97113A|FEB|771-229-0509|JOSHUA.D.MARTIN76.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| SPECIAL SHIPPING AND MARKING INSTRUCTIONS|6|X||X|||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT (COMBO)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|N/A|N/A|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|JOSHUA.D.MARTIN76.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| NOTE FOR CONTRACTOR/ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER|3|||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| NOTICE OF CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION LEVEL REQUIREMENTS (NOV 2025))|1|| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| This is not an FMS Requirement/contract. Due to system limitiations, the FMSdesignation could not be removed. Contractor is liable for all shipping expenses to DODAAC location(s) specified within Consignment Instruction notes in contract. PACKAGE PER SAE ARP5316. TO VIEW THE DRAWINGS: Go to www.https://www.sam.gov. Click: Contract Opportunities and enter the solicitation number. This gives you access to the Electronic Solicitation. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders,delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement areconsidered to be ""issued"" by the Government when copies are either depositedin the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electrocommercemethods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor'sproposal constitutes bilateral agreement to ""issue"" contractual documents asdetailed herein. 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture of the PACKING,PREFORMED . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the drawings shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=2722497 |10001| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6781 |10001| -|WS |D| | | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Manufacturing and Design - The PACKING,PREFORMED furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material and physical requirements as specified ; NAVSEA P/N: 2722497-1 (PACKING) CAGE CODE (10001) MFG. P/N 3-908-E515-8 PARKER HANNIFIN CAGE CODE (02697) PARKER P/N: E0540-80 IS AN ACCEPTABLE ALTERNATE. MATERIAL MUST ADHERE TO THE SPECS/REGS WITHIN DRAWING 2722497. REV_A. ; .

3.2 Marking - Unless marking requirements are specified by a document or drawing cited in this solicitation all items delivered under this contract/purchase order shall be marked and identified in accordance with the applicable Military Standards and Specifications as follows: Mechanical Parts, Assemblies and Equipments - MIL-STD-130 Electrical and Electronic Parts - MIL-STD-1285, Method 1. Electrical and Electronic Parts and Assemblies not covered by MIL-STD-1285-use MIL-STD-130. Electronic Equipment - MIL-STD-454 Requirement Number 67. Electrical Equipment - MIL-P-15024/5 (SHIPS)

3.3 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.)

3.4 SHELF LIFE REQUIREMENT - The following is excerpts from DOD 4140.27-M Shelf Life Management Manual. This requirement is mandated by MIL-STD-129P and later and is required under the under the Preservation, Packing and Marking portion of this TDP. 2-12. 85 Percent SHELF-LIFE REMAINING REQUIREMENT APPLICABLE TO ACQUISITION/PROCUREMENT A. Acquisition/procurement documentation must specify that shelf-life items/material will have not less than 85 percent (allowing for rounding to whole months) of shelf-life remaining at time of receipt by the first Government activity. Any delivery from a contractor not having at least 85 percent shelf-life remaining must normally be considered non-conforming. Refer to Appendix E of this Manual to determine the amount of time that 85% equates to in terms of remaining shelf life for Type I or Type II shelf-life codes. B. In supporting imminent use or consumption, the 85% shelf-life remaining on receipt by first Government activity may be modified or adjusted as deemed prudent at the discretion of PMs and IMMs, when support alternative arrangements such as EC, PV, DVD or local purchase are effected. Use of support alternatives for shipment/delivery to storage facilities as stock will conform to the 85% rule. 2-13. CONTRACTOR MARKING. Shelf life items will be marked for identification and control. Markings, shown below the item identification data are required on all units, intermediate, and exterior packs or unpacked items, must be per MIL STD 129, MIL-STD-130, MIL STD 290 (FSC 9150 only), or FED STD 123, (references (m) through (p)) respectively, and will include the following: A. For Type I shelf life items: apply one, as appropriate; date manufactured, date cured (for elastomeric and rubber products only), date assembled, or date packed (subsistence only); and expiration date. B. For Type II shelf life items: apply one, as appropriate; date manufactured, date cured (for elastomeric and other rubber products only), date assembled, and date packed (subsistence only), and inspect/test date. C. For both Type I and Type II markings in subparagraphs A and B above: the date must be expressed by the numeric month and the last 2 digits of the calendar year; i.e., 06/95, with the day of that month being the last day. D. Different Dates on Identical Items. When two or more unit packs of identical items bear different dates of manufacture, dates of cure, dates of pack, or dates of assembly, the earliest date must be shown on the shipping container. E. For Type I drugs and biologicals: the expiration date only is required. The expiration date should be marked in accordance with FED-SPEC PPP C 186 (reference (q)). Manufacturer date must not be shown for medical items having expiration dates. F. For cure-dated items: shelf life markings on physical material are expressed by month or quarter and year designations (i.e., 11/2001,or 3Q2001). Shelf life periods end on the last day of the cited month or quarter. Appendix E SHELF LIFE CODES Required Number of Months/Quarters Remaining Upon Receipt by the first Government activity Type I Type II Months Quanters Shelf Life Period Non-Deteriorative 0 0 N/A N/A No Shelf-Life Applies (zero) (zero) 01 Month A N/A 25 DAYS N/A 02 Months B N/A 50 DAYS N/A 03 Months C 1 75 DAYS N/A 04 Months D N/A 3 1 05 Months E N/A 4 1 06 Months F 2 5 2 09 Months G 3 8 3 12 Months (1.00-Years) H 4 10 3 15 Months (1.25-Years) J N/A 13 4 18 Months (1.50-Years) K 5 15 5 21 Months (1.75-Years) L N/A 18 6 24 Months (2.00-Years) M 6 21 7 27 Months (2.25-Years) N N/A 23 8 30 Months (2.50-Years) P N/A 26 9 36 Months (3.00-Years) Q 7 31 10 48 Months (4.00-Years) R 8 41 14 60 Months (5.00-Years) S 9 51 17 72 Months (6.00-Years) I N/A 61 20 84 Months (7.00-Years) T N/A 71 24 96 Months (8.00-Years U N/A 82 27 Variable such as: V N/A 77, 113, 26, 38, 61 90, 132,216,228, etc. 184, 194 65, ETC. Months or any other ETC. Number of months not Specifically assigned. 120 Months (10-Years) W N/A 102 34 180 Months (15-Years) Y N/A 153 51 240 Months (20-Years) Z N/A 204 68 Shelf-Life Period Greater N/A X 85 percent 85 percent Than 60 Months for Type of number of number II Extendible Items months months 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

6.2 Commercial Brand Name Description - This contract/purchase order covers a commercial brand name description. If an alternate item is proposed, submit a complete technical description of the item with your proposal for the Government's review to determine if the item meets the minimum requirements of this contract/purchase order. NAVSEA P/N: 2722497-1 (PACKING) CAGE CODE (10001) MFG. P/N 3-908-E515-8 PARKER HANNIFIN CAGE CODE (02697) PARKER P/N: E0540-80 IS AN ACCEPTABLE ALTERNATE. MATERIAL MUST ADHERE TO THE SPECS/REGS WITHIN DRAWING 2722497.REV_A. \

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176054356
  - Email: JOSHUA.D.MARTIN4@NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 3 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.)
- Attachment 3: of this Manual to determine the amount of time that 85% equates to in terms of remaining shelf life for Type I or Type II shelf-life codes. B. In supporting imminent use or consumption, the 85% shelf-life remaining on receipt by first Government activity may be modified or adjusted as deemed prudent at the discretion of PMs and IMMs, when support alternative arrangements such as EC, PV, DVD or local purchase are effected. Use of support alternatives for shipment/delivery to storage facilities as stock will conform to the 85% rule. 2-13. CONTRACTOR MARKING. Shelf life items will be marked for identification and control. Markings, shown below the item identification data are required on all units, intermediate, and exterior packs or unpacked items, must be per MIL STD 129, MIL-STD-130, MIL STD 290 (FSC 9150 only), or FED STD 123, (references (m) through (p)) respectively, and will include the following: A. For Type I shelf life items: apply one, as appropriate; date manufactured, date cured (for elastomeric and rubber products only), date assembled, or date packed (subsistence only); and expiration date. B. For Type II shelf life items: apply one, as appropriate; date manufactured, date cured (for elastomeric and other rubber products only), date assembled, and date packed (subsistence only), and inspect/test date. C. For both Type I and Type II markings in subparagraphs A and B above: the date must be expressed by the numeric month and the last 2 digits of the calendar year; i.e., 06/95, with the day of that month being the last day. D. Different Dates on Identical Items. When two or more unit packs of identical items bear different dates of manufacture, dates of cure, dates of pack, or dates of assembly, the earliest date must be shown on the shipping container. E. For Type I drugs and biologicals: the expiration date only is required. The expiration date should be marked in accordance with FED-SPEC PPP C 186 (reference (q)). Manufacturer date must not be shown for medical items having expiration dates. F. For cure-dated items: shelf life markings on physical material are expressed by month or quarter and year designations (i.e., 11/2001,or 3Q2001). Shelf life periods end on the last day of the cited month or quarter. Appendix E SHELF LIFE CODES Required Number of Months/Quarters Remaining Upon Receipt by the first Government activity Type I Type II Months Quanters Shelf Life Period Non-Deteriorative 0 0 N/A N/A No Shelf-Life Applies (zero) (zero) 01 Month A N/A 25 DAYS N/A 02 Months B N/A 50 DAYS N/A 03 Months C 1 75 DAYS N/A 04 Months D N/A 3 1 05 Months E N/A 4 1 06 Months F 2 5 2 09 Months G 3 8 3 12 Months (1.00-Years) H 4 10 3 15 Months (1.25-Years) J N/A 13 4 18 Months (1.50-Years) K 5 15 5 21 Months (1.75-Years) L N/A 18 6 24 Months (2.00-Years) M 6 21 7 27 Months (2.25-Years) N N/A 23 8 30 Months (2.50-Years) P N/A 26 9 36 Months (3.00-Years) Q 7 31 10 48 Months (4.00-Years) R 8 41 14 60 Months (5.00-Years) S 9 51 17 72 Months (6.00-Years) I N/A 61 20 84 Months (7.00-Years) T N/A 71 24 96 Months (8.00-Years U N/A 82 27 Variable such as: V N/A 77, 113, 26, 38, 61 90, 132,216,228, etc. 184, 194 65, ETC. Months or any other ETC. Number of months not Specifically assigned. 120 Months (10-Years) W N/A 102 34 180 Months (15-Years) Y N/A 153 51 240 Months (20-Years) Z N/A 204 68 Shelf-Life Period Greater N/A X 85 percent 85 percent Than 60 Months for Type of number of number II Extendible Items months months 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/677dc218ed024f49a7dfd36059a02144/view)