---
layout: default
title: PORTABLE REVERSE OSMOSIS FOR FARGO ND
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f5e76feff6fd43a597b09bf0e9a3c757
---

# PORTABLE REVERSE OSMOSIS FOR FARGO ND

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 12:20:45.566-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26326Q0493

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS SOLICITATION VA RFQ 36C26326Q0493 Portable Reverse Osmosis-Brand Name or Equal, Unrestricted This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Revolutionary FAR Overhaul, FAR Subpart 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate solicitation will not be issued. SOLICITATION NUMBER: 36C26326Q0493 This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2025-06 10/01/2025, and Revolutionary FAR Overhaul FAR 12 as of 02/25/2026. This solicitation is Brand Name or Equal, Unrestricted. The associated NAICS code and small business size standard: NAICS code: 339112 Size Standard: 1000 employees Description of Requirements: Salient Characteristics Brand Name or Equal: Evoqua W3T591409 Kit, RO Eon Rover ALX SCB Fully integrated endotoxin removal filter Ultrafilter assists in preparing water or bicarbonate concentrate to meet the requirements for the production of ultrapure dialysate according to the ANSI/AAMI 11663 standard. The filter’s unique proprietary single-stage design removes bacteria, viruses, endotoxins and other contaminants greater than 0.005 micron (5 nanometers) Multi-Stage Filtration System, including carbon filtration, reverse osmosis (RO), and ultra-filtration in one unit Features easy-to-use controls and instant access to key parameters Prevents RO shutdown when the inlet water has low PSI Uses heat to disinfect rather than chemicals Continuous flow of hot water with no time constraints Provides single heat, storage heat Multiple Leak Detector options, internal or remote sensor with user alert or shutdown Color touch screen LCD control panel, clear display of operational functions Recirculation product line Filter and membrane access – removable back panel, machine disassembly not required Certified to UL 61010-1, IEC 61010-1, CAN/CSA C22.2 No: 61010-1, IEC 61326-1 FDA approved 510(K) Medical Device Must be designed to meet AAMI-Grade water standards according to ANSI/AAMI 13959 standards Leak Detection System Maximum Product Flow Rate at 77°F Up to 0.4 gpm (1.5 lpm) Inlet Temperature 40-104°F (4-40°C) Inlet Pressure (Dynamic) Minimum: 5 psi (0.34 bars) Maximum: 120 psi (8.3 bars) Inlet Water Flow/Water Feed Minimum: 1.5 gpm (5.7 lpm) Drain Capacity Minimum 2.0 gal/min Total Hardness < 10 grains (pH dependent) Silt Density Index (SDI) < 5 Total Chlorine < 0.1 ppm CART: Rust-proof and corrosion resistant. Aluminum frame, including built-in rubber bumper guard Large 6” dual swivel casters with locking features Rear directional locking casters with integrated braking mechanism Centrally located monitoring area that features pressure and temperature gauges, and sample ports with drip tray Includes booster pump for low-pressure inlet situations Open design to allow for easy access to filter and other areas of maintenance Complies with ETL Tip and Threshold Testing Standards, and meets and adheres to the latest ANSI, AAMI, ISO Standards provides hose and cord management options All-in-one water treatment delivery system Brand Name or Equal: Evoqua W3T578738 Kit, Booster, MHX/WRO, Rover Family Includes booster pump for low-pressure inlet situations System Design Small footprint for ease of use in vicinity of patients without interrupting patient care due to limited space in patient area Includes installation and start up System orientation provided INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE -The contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with the COR upon delivery equipment. -The contractor shall provide the VA COR a list of missing and /or damaged items found upon inspection and have those items replaced at no cost to the Government. -The COR shall ensure all work is completed satisfactorily prior to acceptance. Disputes shall be resolved by the VA Contracting Officer This service does not involve storage, generating, transmitting, or exchanging VA sensitive information. “Privacy training is required if the contractor(s) will be working in areas with sensitive Veteran information with an increased risk of inadvertent disclosures. These are areas where only authorized personnel are allowed (nurse stations, PACT team areas, Laboratory, Pharmacy, etc.) and where visitors are typically be escorted and are not allowed to roam around freely (4B, ER, 3M, ICU, CLC, etc.). The contractor(s) must read and sign TMS 20939, VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information, prior to beginning work in these areas. Delivery. Fargo Health Care System Warehouse 2101 N Elm St. Fargo, ND 58102 Delivery Times: M-F 7:30 am to 3:30 pm To see the solicitation PROVISIONS, CLAUSES, SCHEDULE and all other terms that apply to this acquisition, see the attached RFQ 1449 36C26326Q0493. 10. SUBMITTAL OF OFFERS: All offers shall be received by the CO no later than 10:00 AM CT Friday April 3, 2026. All offers shall be emailed to Becky.delossantos@va.gov Emails shall include this RFQ number in the Subject Line: 36C26326Q0493 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: All Instructions to Offerors added by the CO in addition to the standard 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS are here on this page. Read this entire page. This solicitation is issued under Revolutionary FAR Overhaul, FAR 12 Simplified Acquisitions. The Government intends to award without Discussions. Partial Offers are not being accepted. The Contract will be Single Award, Firm Fixed Price, Purchase Order. Offerors are required to be registered in SAM when submitting a quote and at time of award. Late offers will be treated according to 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors. The Government intends to evaluate all line items on a group basis and make a single award for BAA/TAA applicability. OFFERS MUST INCLUDE: 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate is attached. Offeror shall indicate the Country of Origin for each line item and fill in and sign the Certificate. See Yellow Highlights on Certificate. SUBMISSION OF OFFERS: All offers shall be received by the CO no later than 10:00 AM CT Friday April 3, 2026. All offers shall be emailed to Becky.Delossantos@va.gov. Emails shall include this RFQ number in the Subject Line: 36C26326Q0493. DELIVERY: Delivery is FOB Destination. Delivery: 60 Days ARO

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Becky De Los Santos
  - Email: becky.delossantos@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f5e76feff6fd43a597b09bf0e9a3c757/view)