---
layout: default
title: Amendment 01, Sources Sought for Stinger Engineering Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: da2a186b7beb44c6ab19438943c9e127
---

# Amendment 01, Sources Sought for Stinger Engineering Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 15:27:06.473-04
- Solicitation Number: W31P4Q-26-RFI-0036

## Summary

Amendment 01 This amendment to RFI W31P4Q-26-RFI-0001 provides the U.S. Government's (USG) answers to questions submitted by interested vendors. Due date for RFI response remains the same. QUESTION 1: Whether submission of an RFI response—particularly one that may include technical recommendations, system architectures, or integration approaches—could be considered by the Government as creating a potential OCI for participation in any subsequent solicitation involving the Stinger effector. USG ANSWER: The U.S. Government acknowledges the question regarding whether a response to this market research could create a potential Organizational Conflict of Interest (OCI). All participants in this market research, including the technical, acquisition, and contracting teams, are cleared to process sensitive and proprietary information. The Government takes its responsibility to identify, evaluate, and resolve potential OCIs in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 9.5 very seriously. This market research is for informational and planning purposes only and does not constitute a promise of a future contract. ************************************************************************************* QUESTION 2: Whether the Government anticipates that any information provided by industry through the RFI may be used in a manner that could give rise to a “biased ground rules” OCI concern under FAR Subpart 9.5. USG ANSWER: The USG does not anticipate that information provided in response to this RFI will give rise to a “biased ground rules” OCI under FAR Subpart 9.5. This RFI is a market research tool intended to gather a broad range of industry perspectives. All team members assigned to this market research are cleared to handle proprietary information, this primarily serves to protect vendor data and prevent an "unequal access to information" OCI. ************************************************************************************* QUESTION 3: Whether any safeguards are in place (or planned) to ensure that information provided by respondents will be handled and disseminated in a manner that preserves a fair and open competitive environment. USG ANSWER: All personnel assigned to this market research operate under strict safeguards and are cleared to handle sensitive and proprietary information. In the separate event that a leak of proprietary information occurs, contact the Contracting Officer immediately. ************************************************************************************* QUESTION 4: Whether the Government recommends or requires any specific disclosures, mitigation strategies, or limitations on RFI content to avoid creating OCI concerns for prospective offerors. USG ANSWER: All requirements for this RFI are listed within the Sources Sought document under the referenced RFI number. Respondents are only required to answer questions 1-11. Please be advised that the disclosure of proprietary information is not mandatory. If there is any data you are not willing to share, do not include it in your response. ************************************************************************************* BREAK INITIAL RFI The Army Contracting Command – Redstone Arsenal is conducting market research to determine if there are potential sources with the capability to provide Engineering Services (ES) in support of the Stinger Weapon System to be performed for both United States (US) and Foreign Military Sales (FMS). The Stinger mission is to provide the maneuver forces with low-altitude air defense for ground forces against attack or aerial observation by low-flying unmanned aerial system (UAS), cruise missile, rotary wing, and fixed wing threats. The contractor will provide technical support and systems engineering functions that include software engineering/support and integration, product engineering, and drawing generation required for resolution of problems encountered. The contractor will provide support for special studies and investigations; initiation of design changes; reports and test support; support of system test; integration and troubleshooting to include data acquisition and analysis. The contractor will ensure that the design and fabrication of hardware/software or material necessary to support such activities are included. The contractor’s tasks will include reliability assessments, failure analysis, support, and collection of test data and review of proposed changes to technical documentation for incorporation of quality and reliability factors. The contractor will perform logistics functions, including tech manual generation/ modification, maintenance support, readiness reporting data, system repairs availability management, packaging, handling, storage, and transportation (PHS&T), training, and system deployment to include delivery and training on the use of Stinger Weapon System. ADMINISTRATIVE Pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) section Part 10.002 and Subpart 15.201, this notice is being requested as a REQUEST FOR INFORMATION. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not an offer and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The United States Government (USG) will not award a contract based on this notice and will not reimburse respondents for any cost associated with responses. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION ONLY. This Request for Information (RFI) is issued solely for information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Proposal or a promise to issue a Request for Proposal in the future. This RFI does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service. The Government Point of Contract (POC): EMAIL ONLY, NO PHONE CALLS. Primary Point of Contact: Ms. Eleanor L. Bader, Contracting Officer, US Army Contracting Command-Redstone Arsenal eleanor.l.bader.civ@army.mil, Secondary Point of Contact: Ms. Angel M. Brown, Contract Specialist, US Army Contracting Command-Redstone Arsenal angel.m.brown23.civ@army.mil Per FAR 52.215-3, Request for Information or Solicitation for Planning Purposes: (a) The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this RFI or to otherwise pay for the information solicited except as an allowable cost under other contracts as provided in subsection 31.205-18, bid and proposal costs, of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) Although “proposal” and “offeror” are used in this RFI, your response will be treated as information only. It shall not be used as a proposal. (c) This solicitation is issued for the purpose of inquiring information to procure engineering and technical services to support Stinger Block I missiles. (d) The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred in response to this RFI. STINGER ENGINEERING SERVICES OBJECTIVES The Stinger Block I missile is an advanced, short-range, man-portable shoulder fired, or platform launched guided missile system that provides protection for the maneuver force and point defense asset air defense. Stinger employs an infrared (heat seeking)/ultraviolet seeker to guide the missile to target. The Stinger Block I missiles have extensive infrared counter-countermeasure capabilities and can engage targets from any aspect angle. The addition of a Target Detection Device (TDD) to the current fuze provides proximity capability and improved effectiveness against UAS threats. Stingers can be fired from the shoulder or from a variety of platforms, including ground vehicles, helicopters, and UAS. The missile is delivered as a certified round and requires no field testing or maintenance (wooden round). The Basic Stinger missile was first fielded in 1981. Since then, there have been multiple missile configurations and upgrades culminating in the advanced FIM-92E Stinger Block I missile. The contractor will be responsible for complex system engineering support, manufacturing support, test equipment support, logistical support, and other support associated with the production, test, fielding, and sustainment of the Stinger missiles and associated launchers, field test equipment, and documentation. Support will include: Provide technical expertise for Stinger missiles (all variants), launchers (all variants), support equipment, and system interfaces at the component and system level. Perform Reliability Assessments on components and at the system level. Support test activities in the US and other countries including assessment of test results. Provide in-depth system engineering analysis of the entire system to support performance improvement, failure analysis, and other engineering activities for both ground launched and airborne systems. Provide manufacturing engineering support for the production of all components and the major end items. Provide design and technical support for contractor and United States Government (USG) owned test equipment. Provide support for FMS customers in issue resolution and other support with the guidelines of regulatory and statutory guidance. RESPONSE INSTRUCTIONS Part A. Business Information: Please provide the following information for your company/institution and for any teaming or joint venture partners: Company/Institute name Address Point of Contact CAGE Code DUNS Number Phone Number E-mail Address Web Page URL Size of business pursuant to North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code. Based on the above NAICS Code, state whether your company qualifies as a: Small Business (Yes/No) Woman Owned Small Business (Yes/No) Small Disadvantaged Business (Yes/No) 8(a) Certified (Yes/No) HUB Zone Certified (Yes/No) Veteran Owned Small Business (Yes/No) Service-Disabled Small Business (Yes/No) Statement describing company as domestically or foreign owned (if foreign owned, please indicate country of ownership). Part B. Capability: Describe briefly the capabilities of your company and the nature of the goods and/or services you provide. Include a description of your staff composition and management structure. 2. Describe your company’s past experience (no more than five examples) on previous projects similar in complexity to this requirement. Include contract numbers, a brief description of the work performed, period of performance, agency/organization supported, and individual points of contract (Contracting Officer or Program Manager). 3. What experience does your company have planning and executing the deployment and sustainment of weapons and other defense-related systems? What experience does your company have, specifically with missile systems and launch platforms? 4. Describe your experience with infrared (IR) and ultraviolet (UV) seekers, rocket propulsion systems, guidance and navigation systems, warheads, and fuzes. 5. Describe your company’s experience with integrating missiles onto ground based and airborne launch platforms. 6. Describe your experience in supporting missile and launcher production operations. 7. Describe your experience with complex test equipment design and maintenance. 8. Describe the top five risks you foresee in executing an effort of this scope. What steps would you likely take to mitigate the risks? 9. If you were to rely on subcontractors for this effort, what subcontractors would you use to do what percentage of each portion? What are their experiences and do you already have a relation with the subcontractor (s)? 10. Describe your company’s approach and capabilities in obtaining and retaining qualified and experienced personnel. How soon could your company secure qualified personnel? 11. Describe your company’s experience in classroom instruction and simulator instruction. Part C. Financial Capability: Describe your financial capabilities to successfully perform this contract. Describe any other relevant topics, concerns, and information that will help the Government in forming an acquisition strategy. ADDITIONAL SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS All responses must be unclassified. Marketing material is considered an insufficient response to this RFI. Respondents should indicate which portions of their responses are proprietary and should mark them accordingly. The Government will honor appropriate proprietary claims to prevent improper disclosure. The response must include a white paper of no more than 25 pages (text 12-point font, figures 9-point) describing your candidate’s ability to meet Stinger ES objectives. A fold-out page counts as one page. Questions pertaining to this RFI may be directed to the Army Contracting Command point of contact for up to 14 days after this RFI is published on SAM.gov. The Government must receive your RFI response NLT 30 days after this RFI is published. The Government will receive responses via email submission. Please send unclassified responses to the US Army Contracting Command – Redstone via email. Include the RFI ID number, W31P4Q-26-RFI-0036 and "Stinger ES RFI" in the subject line, addressed to: Eleanor L. Bader, Contracting Officer, eleanor.l.bader.civ@army.mil; Angel M. Brown, Contract Specialist, angel.m.brown23.civ@army.mil Dr. Gregory Kilby gregory.r.kilby.civ@army.mil, Technical POC and Ms. Shannon M. Brown-Wheeler, SHIELD Acquisition Analyst, shannon.m.brown-wheeler.ctr@army.mil **ATTENTION** The M-SHORAD Product Office plans to use non-Government support contractors in assessing industry responses to include the one-on-one information exchange discussions of this RFI. All information will be protected. Any proprietary information must be identified. To be reviewed, the statement “Releasable to USG Agencies and their supporting Contractors for Review Only” must accompany any proprietary submission.” The USG reserves the right to request further clarification to enhance understanding of the respondent’s submittal.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Eleanor L. Bader
  - Email: eleanor.l.bader.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Angel M. Brown
  - Email: angel.m.brown23.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/da2a186b7beb44c6ab19438943c9e127/view)