---
layout: default
title: PARTS KIT,BALL VALV
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 7ba37e343a094c7595f1eb933bd6a412
---

# PARTS KIT,BALL VALV

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 05:05:31.031-05
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QKB15

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|ISO 9001| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT||TBD|SPRMM1|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|X|X|X|||X|||||||| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332919|750|X|X|||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation to 3/27/26. All other terms and conditions remain the same \ This procurement requires Higher Level Inspection. 1. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. Drawings for this solicitation will be accessed via the website, www.SAM.gov.Click the Search button and type the solicitation number in the box and hitenter. Links to the solicitation should follow on the right. Click the BLUELINK with the name of the item that is identified as the "Updated Solicitation". Click to the left on "Attachments/Links" which will take you to the link to request access to the drawings. Drawing access request should be submitted by the Data Custodian listed on your approved DD2345. Only the Data Custodian will be granted access to the controlled drawings. If there are problems accessing the drawings, please contact the buyer POC listed on this solicitation. 3. Delivery days_________aro. 4. Offer valid for _____ days. 5. When submitting quotes via EDI, make sure you specify any exceptions (i.e. Mil specs/standards, packaging, I&A, packaging houses etc) or follow up with a hardcopy of the exceptions. If nothing is indicated or received, award will be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award will have consideration costs deducted on modifications. 6. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must state who the OEM is (cage code) and the part number you are offering. 7. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. ____________________________________________________________ 8. It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by DLA Maritime Mechanicsburg and posted on EDA. To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUPWSS code 025, procurement systems design and contract support division Via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpdesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and POC with phone number and email address. 9. Contractors can view their orders, contracts and modifications at the Electronic Document Access (EDA) web tool. This web tool is located at the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA athttps://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Quotation will require electronic submittal of Receiving Report and Invoices through PIEE-WAWF. 10. The following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement: E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) INSPECTION OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ INSPECTION OF PACKAGING AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ UCF SECTION F PRODUCTION FACILITY CHANGES (a) The performance of any of the work contracted for in any place other than that named in the contract is prohibited unless specifically approved by the Contracting Officer. Written requests for a change in production facilities must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer. Changes in production facilities may be approved, provided: (1) Performance by small business or in labor surplus areas as required by the contract will not be changed; (2) The change will not cause a delay in delivery or necessitate a change in the purchase description; (3) The free on board (f.o.b.) point is not changed; and (4) Each request is supported by a price reduction of $250.00 to cover the Government's administrative costs to process the change. (b) The Government reserves the right to deny approval even if these four elements are met. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the PARTS KIT,BALL VALV . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=DF330644-MK00630 |53711| G|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=DF330644G03 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=DF330644G04 |53711| D|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=V-0061 |53711| -|AI |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6408784 |53711| G| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6408784F09 |53711| A|DN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6408784G01 |53711| A|DN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6408784G02 |53711| A|DN |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-V-3 | | |E |941101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-22 | | |D |910321|A| |02| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-P-116 | | |J |961001|A| 2| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |K |000115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/AWS A2.4 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |E |990506|A| 2| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |E |930120|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI Y14.5 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI B46.1 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-A-8625 | | |F |030915|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-T-9047 | | |G |980404|A| 2| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-P-20689 | | |D |971126|A| 3| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED STD-H28/20 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ISO/ASQ Q9001-2000 | | | |001213|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/278 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B367 | | | |941003|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |920417|A| | | DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-C-20159 |ASTM B369 DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-P-116 |MIL-STD-2073-1C DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-STD-12 |ASME Y14.38M DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-STD-271 |T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-STD-278 |S9074-AQ-GIB-010/278 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the PARTS KIT,BALL VALV furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;53711 ; cage ;6408784 find 91 and 88; . 3.1.1 ;Material-Ball TI per MI-T-9047 6AL-4V Cond A and Teflon coated, Material-Seat Delrin DE588; 3.1.2 ;Teflon coating is to be performed in accordance with note 2C, referenced on sheets 6 and 7 of drawing 5959311.;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.3 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: AUSTIN.SHATTO@DLA.MIL
  - Email: AUSTIN.SHATTO@DLA.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7ba37e343a094c7595f1eb933bd6a412/view)