---
layout: default
title: W045--Service Contract Rental of Temporary Steam Boiler
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: da46e8338e8947138e0925450c77b192
---

# W045--Service Contract Rental of Temporary Steam Boiler

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 14:24:10.867-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0508
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. It is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this source sought must be in writing. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) company name (b) address (c) point of contact (d) phone, fax, and email (e) DUNS number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of small business, e.g. Services Disabled Veteran Owned small Business, Veteran-owned small business, 8(a), HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business, Small disadvantaged business, or Small Business HUBZone business and (i) must provide a capability statement that addresses the organizations qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. The Department of Veteran Affairs, San Diego VA Health Care System located at 3350 La Jolla Village Dr, San Diego, CA 92161 to provide the Temporary Rental of (1) 800 HP Boiler Clever Brooks, (1) Mobile Office with AC/Heating, Annual Maintenance, and APCD Permitting for the Rental Boiler. Important information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 532490 ($40.0 Million dollars). Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov and complete Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA). Additionally, all Service Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the SBA-Dynamic Small Business Search (DSBS) Registry located at https://dsbs.sba.gov. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to felicia.simpson@va.gov All information submissions to be marked Attn: Felicia Simpson, Contract Specialist and should be received no later than 10:00 am MST on March 23, 2026. Scope of work: The Vendor shall provide the Temporary Rental of (1) 800 HP Boiler Clever Brooks, (1) Mobile Office with AC/Heating, Annual Maintenance, and APCD Permitting for the Rental Boiler. The Vendor shall provide (1) year of renting service for (1) 800 HP Steam Boiler and all necessary labor, materials, maintenance and engineering support to integrate the rental boiler into an existing 125 PSIG steam grid inside the VAMC San Diego at 3350 La Jolla Village Drive, San Diego, CA 92161. The Vendor shall provide all maintenance services for the rental and additional years of rental services for the steam boilers. The Vendor shall provide a Mobile Office with AC and Heating: Heater: 7,500 BTU/hr AC: 3,800 BTU/hr 42 Steel Walk-In Door The Vendor shall provide the Annual Maintenance for the Temporary Rental Boiler: Vendor shall perform (1) Annual Inspection each year. Replacement of all waterside and fireside gaskets, replace and/or rebuild safety valves, inspect all passages and components, and remove all loose scale. Vendor shall Perform (2) Semi-Annual combustion tunes per year-Natural Gas & Oil #2. Vendor shall perform (4) Quarterly safety checks on all safety devices. Vendor shall provide 10 hours minimum monthly to check on the boiler and all safety devices: Week 1: 1 hour check-up walk around on the unit Week 2: 4 hours of check-up on the unit and minor repairs on any issues Week 3: 1 hour check-up walk around on the unit Week 4: 4 hours check-up on the unit and minor repairs on any issues Repairs required while the unit is on rent will be covered under warranty by the Vendor. The Vendor must obtain a permit(s) from APCD or any local jurisdiction for the temporary boiler as required. The Vendor must renew permit(s) as required for the entire rental period. The Vendor must provide a Temporary Boiler with Natural Gas (9ppm NOx) and #2 Oil- No Burner modifications needed for switchover. Max Fuel Input: 33,600,000 BTU/Hr. The Vendor must provide a temporary Boiler with the Steam Capacity of 31,050 lbs/hr at 212 F. The project must be completed in accordance with industry and VA standards and policies, manufacturer s specifications, applicable safety regulations, VA Medical Center contract specifications and this scope of work. The services will take place on government owned land at the Jennifer Moreno VA Medical Center. The Vendor will need to provide a cost proposal based on the Scope of Work.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Felicia Simpson
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: felicia.simpson@va.gov
  - Phone: (480) 466-7919

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/da46e8338e8947138e0925450c77b192/view)